Hamas does not share this view , and Palestinian reconciliation efforts have reached an impasse .
But a plan to close numerous bases passed by an overwhelming majority when the congressional leadership finally agreed to present a single list of bases to be closed ; the list could only be voted up or down , without any possibility of amendments .
If the only factor that increases a professor 's salary is the passage of time , why make the extra effort to excel ?
From left to right , many European intellectuals think that the capitalist game as played by the US is passé .
As time passes , the political support for reform dwindles , at least until the system blows up .
Here are the facts : Charleroi was a small dusty airport with less than 200,000 passengers per year .
The deal was signed and almost everybody was happy : passengers who fly cheaply ; the airport , where the number of shops increased along with the number of passengers ; the local community , where new jobs were created .
In an interview last summer , he depicted a world in which people would fly free and airlines would charge airports in exchange for the millions of passengers they deliver to their shops .
This is the best possible world for passengers , since nobody forces anyone to spend money in an airport ; people do it only because it is convenient .
That condemnation matters , because passing judgment on the trade-off between the efficiency gains to be had from any merger versus the threat to competition is a subtle matter , not an ideological one .
Annan maintained his extreme passiveness even after the airplane crash that killed Habyarimana , which signaled the genocide 's start , helped by the indifference of the great powers -LRB- America not least -RRB- .
Lantos knows about moral compasses : as a boy , he was rescued by Raoul Wallenberg from being deported to Auschwitz by the Nazis in Budapest .
In February 2003 , the Duma passed a decree stating that the Sakharov museum exhibition 's purpose was to incite religious hatred and to insult believers and the Orthodox Church .
`` In November 2006 , the -LRB- AKP dominated -RRB- Turkish parliament , as part of the reforms related to possible EU accession , passed a new law governing Lausanne religious minority foundations , easing procedures to establish foundations and allowing non-Turkish citizens in Turkey to open them ... Then President Ahmet Necdet Sezer -LRB- a staunch Kemalist -RRB- , however , vetoed the legislation .
In February 2008 , the parliament passed a similar law on the return of property confiscated from non-Muslim minorities ...
The law was proposed by the government and quickly passed by the Duma , where Putin 's party controls two-thirds of the votes .
Hence , the legislation was passed without any second thought or discussion -- and Russians are now facing the consequences .
On both shores of the Mediterranean , generations have passed and new connections have been formed .
Both the ad hoc and the global public-goods schools shy away from this question , and yet without at least some working answer , we will lack the compass needed to navigate our increasing global interdependence .
Compared to producers in the US and Europe , those in China are weakly organized and passive .
MANILA -- In 1980 , my father arrived in the United States to undergo a heart bypass , due to the rigors of his imprisonment by the dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos .
The ghosts of the past -- authoritarianism , political persecution , and censorship -- have been left behind , as Brazilian democracy passed important tests such as the impeachment of a president and the rise to the presidency of a former trade union leader .
Brazil has now passed another test : having a woman at the height of executive power .
Because of the tenacity and passion of ordinary Chileans demanding that the state fulfill its mandate to protect their human rights , Pinochet finds himself before the bar of justice , and others who used their power to kill , torture , or exile their fellow citizens are being pursued .
Albania , Mongolia , and India successfully passed more complicated tests -- and offer some useful lessons in democratic transitions under unfavourable conditions .
The Russian threat lingers , whereas the West is more likely than not to be too passive .
Such an aggressive attitude benefits a country 's foreign policy only up to a point -- one that Putin passed long ago .
Shockingly , Russia argued that it had the right to attack a country that harbored people to whom it had just issued passports , scaring all countries with Russian minorities .
As their small and open economies were already heavily `` euro-ized , '' the pass-though of higher foreign prices into inflation would have been huge following any devaluation , which would also have broken their otherwise reasonably healthy banking systems .
Some companies have developed stoves that use passive air flows , better insulation , and 60 % less wood to reduce black carbon emissions by around 70 % .
Let the international community show the same compassion and understanding to the Serbian people it applies when it has to decide whether to risk its own soldiers in an attempt to apprehend Karadzic and Mladic .
The IMF can play an important role in this regard , owing to its truly global perspective -- one that encompasses both advanced economies and emerging and developing economies , which are increasingly integrating into the global financial system .
So far , the Fund has not fully exploited its unique position , because it has often been passive in reaching out , giving clear messages , and making recommendations to its members .
The founders passed the torch on to the generation of Jacques Delors , Helmut Kohl , François Mitterrand , Václav Havel , Valéry Giscard d'Estaing , and others . They broadened and deepened European cooperation .
What good fortune it is that China 's most sacred , encompassing , and powerful doctrine built around the triumvirate of `` the interests of the majority of the people '' `` advanced culture , '' and `` advanced productive forces '' found one political party to be its representative !
With deep divisions evident , Deng chose to bypass all existing institutions , the Party 's Politburo , the Central Committee , and the National People 's Congress and its Standing Committee .
Sixteen years have passed , but the pain remains , buried in the hearts and minds of the people .
In the years that have passed , China 's leaders were responsible not only for Zhao 's unlawful house arrest but also for a systematic effort to erase his name from history .
A vocal minority of Moldova 's people believe that merging their country with Romania would put the country into the express lane to EU membership , with its generous financial perks and , perhaps most enticing of all , passports that would enable them to escape a no-hope economy to build lives elsewhere .
Many Moldovans , indeed , already have Romanian passports so that they can travel and work in the EU .
Some Romanian officials , including President Traian Basescu , have bandied about the idea of distributing Romanian passports to as many as a million Moldovan citizens , a quarter of the entire population .
Instead , they clung to hard-line positions , leaving Mubarak unable to find a solution to the impasse .
A military impasse could erode their support and even delegitimize them .
Workers globally fear for their jobs and feel by-passed by economic change .
Workers globally fear for their jobs because they feel they are being by-passed by economic change . The economic crisis has exacerbated the perceived downside of globalisation .
We can not meet the challenges faced by the EU effectively and successfully without a strong Europe in the world . Prosperity and growth , security and stability and the long term sustainability of the EU necessarily pass through the promotion of our interests and values abroad and the engagement with external threats and global challenges .
The US Senate voted this month to incorporate such a mechanism into the financial reform bill that will now have to be reconciled by the bill passed by the US House of Representatives .
This decision followed the banks having passed the so-called `` stress tests '' of their financial viability , which the US Treasury demanded , and the success of some of them in raising the additional capital that the tests suggested they needed .
In the US , for example , new securities laws were passed following the stock market crash of 1929 , and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act was adopted in 2002 , in the immediate aftermath of the collapse of the Internet bubble and the Enron and WorldCom scandals .
Some continued to deny what was happening , and became indignant if the issue was raised . Others reasoned that if they kept their head down and compromised , the crisis would pass .
In early 2005 , three years after a new law on environmental impact assessments -LRB- EIA 's -RRB- was passed , the State Environmental Protection Bureau -LRB- SEPA -RRB- , ordered the halt of 30 large projects , including 26 hydropower plants that had failed to submit proper EIA 's .
These laws have ensured that none of the doomsday scenarios of the 1960s and 1970s - remember the forecasts of the `` Club of Rome '' ? - have come to pass .
It is has been little noticed , but in the last few years , Eastern Europe , including Russia , surpassed the US and the United Kingdom as the euro zone 's most important export markets .
What 's Left of Confucianism ? BEIJING -- The Chinese government 's very public display of compassion and transparency in response to the devastating earthquake in Sichuan province appears to have strengthened its authority and its bonds with ordinary Chinese people .
After all , the passion that the Palestinians ' plight evokes among ordinary Egyptians is a dangerous source of instability .
Loss of mutual trust between the parties , and their total incapacity to take even the smallest step towards each other , let alone to observe their commitments without prodding by third parties , made -LRB- and still makes -RRB- an international framework for peace the only way out of the dangerous impasse .
Unfortunately , Obama 's all-encompassing promises might prove to be just as unrealistic .
Inevitably inadequate -- one idea being toyed with is recognition of a Palestinian state in provisional borders that might encompass around 50 % of the West Bank -- it will nonetheless occupy the attention of the international community , and perhaps even derail the new Palestinian strategy .
Iran 's mood changed by the time America 's entire Middle East strategy had gone adrift , but the grand bargain remains the only viable way out of the impasse .
As time passes , a concept without real commitment in the field may eventually raise suspicions about its relevance .
Last week , China finally enshrined private property by passing the long-awaited property rights law , in what the government called `` significant progress in promoting rule of law in the country . ''
But , far from being characterized by secularization , our age has witnessed vast eruptions of religious passion .
A religious decision can be a matter of passionate commitment -LRB- as in Kierkegaard 's `` leap of faith '' -RRB- , or , more commonly , an emotionally low-intensity consumer option -LRB- expressed in the telling American phrase `` religious preference '' -RRB- .
The relation of divine and secular fuels passionate debate throughout the Islamic world and in Israel , but the Orthodox idea of sinfonia -- the harmonious unity between society , state , and church -- constitutes a distinctive challenge to the acceptance of liberal democracy .
The EU 's current model -- the `` single passport '' with home-country regulation of financial institutions -- has failed on an embarrassing scale .
In terms of exports , they did almost as well as , and in some respects even surpassed , the Chinese .
As a result , the exchange-rate risk was passed on to those least able to manage it : households .
The fact that a week passed in which to scrutinize and reflect upon all the factors involved was critical to the outcome .
India probably encompasses the world 's largest middle class .
But she has already made clear that Germany 's neighbors to the East will have no reason not feel bypassed .
The fetish is particularly rampant in the US , where the Democrats in Congress have gone so far as to ally themselves with lobbyists for manufactures to pass legislation that would provide protection and subsidies to increase the share of manufactures in GDP .
One can also argue for PSR on the grounds that asking for CSR becomes a way of `` passing the buck '' -- evading personal responsibility for doing good .
Nowhere has this game of passing the blame been more visible than in the way EU governments have handled the deregulation of the product market .
It passed the crisis test with flying colors , and the future is promising .
Why did Berlusconi 's government choose such a passive economic policy ?
The Geopolitics of Football In football , defeat is never definitive , but it is always passionate .
One ploy taken up by some members of my Transnational Radical Party in France , Belgium , the UK , and Italy has been to `` denounce themselves '' to their national authorities and then to disobey the prohibitionist laws by distributing drugs to passers-by during political demonstrations .
Years of studies , and the passionate pleas of patients worldwide , are finally opening the way to a technique -- somatic cell nuclear transfer , also known as `` therapeutic cloning '' -- that may bring about epochal changes for the health of us all .
The declaration passed with 84 votes in favor , 34 against , and 37 abstentions .
But his vision of a North American Free Trade Association -LRB- NAFTA -RRB- encompassing elements of social and political fusion with his North American counterparts was sidetracked by the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and by his political rivals ' recent successes at the polls .
Not only are Canada and Mexico the US 's first and second largest trading partners , but the three countries maintain a myriad of relationships -- in business , tourism , and culture -- that do not pass through their embassies or governments .
Pretending that banks that passed modest stress tests can be kept open indefinitely with little collateral damage is wishful -- and dangerous -- thinking .
The crisis funding of the modest delayed infrastructure component of most stimulus programs suggests that much of it would not pass a rigorous cost-benefit test .
Compassion in Dying , a right-to-die society and non-medical NGO , participates in a consultative way in most of these cases .
The investment bank Goldman Sachs predicts that the dollar size of the Chinese economy will overtake that of Britain and Germany by 2007 . India will pull ahead of France by 2020 and surpass Germany by 2023 .
Extreme ideas offer an alternative compass to disoriented souls like Mohammed Bouyeri , van Gogh 's suspected murderer .
His government has rejected international calls to halt uranium enrichment , ignored UN-imposed deadlines , armed Iraqi militias , supplied Hezbollah with weapons for attacks on Israel , denied the Holocaust , and staged military exercises near the Strait of Hormuz , through which 40 % of the world 's sea-traded oil passes .
His recent flirtation with a plan to bypass Bhutto and declare emergency rule provoked pointed Bush administration criticism .
On the other side of the divide , Iran and its allies have put forward the banners of jihad and `` resistance . '' Their platform includes : Islamist revolution in every country ; Iran as the region 's dominant state , backed up by nuclear weapons ; no peace with Israel and no Palestinian state until there can be an Islamist one encompassing all of Israel -LRB- as well as the West Bank and Gaza Strip -RRB- ; and the expulsion of Western influence from the region .
Encompassing all big emerging economies , this appeared to be the most effective way to muster the legitimacy denied to the G-7 .
Some passionately discussed economic reform , others talked about developing culture , while still others planned to reform education and the scientific establishment or assure the defense of the environment .
In both Rome and Moscow , there is growing hope that a road to Christian unity can be built , but it is increasingly clear that the road can be completed only by passing through Berlin .
On the other hand , there is no assurance that the right policies would be maintained if power once again passed to a military ruler .
Despite passage in July of the 18th amendment to the Pakistani constitution , which restored it to the form in which it was promulgated in 1973 , political and executive authority remains in the hands of President Asif Ali Zardari .
In addition , Congress passed the Kerry-Lugar bill , which promised $ 7.5 billion in economic aid from 2009-2014 .
In Plato 's view , music , if not strictly controlled , inflames the passions and makes people unruly .
Rock music was severely restricted in Communist dictatorships , just as jazz was in Nazi Germany , for all the Platonic reasons : uncontrolled passions were seen as a threat to the perfect order of the state .
So , are Europeans and Americans simply more compassionate than Asians ?
Buddhism stresses compassion and mercy as much as Christianity does .
Nevertheless , there may be cultural differences in understanding how compassion should be applied .
Perhaps this is how Jewish conspiracy theories were passed on as well .
But that is not to say that the US must always be passive .
Before moving to the United States , she was forced out of her apartment in The Hague by complaining neighbors , and almost deprived of her passport .
Legislating History NEW YORK &#45; &#45; In October , the Spanish parliament passed a Law on Historical Memory , which bans rallies and memorials celebrating the late dictator Francisco Franco .
What is wrong with the fact that a parliamentary committee passes a political judgment against a Commissioner for purely political reasons ?
On April 22 , 2004 , a train explosion at Ryongchon killed 160 people and injured 1,300 . Many believe that it was an attempt to assassinate Kim , whose custom-built train passed through Ryongchon a few hours before the blast .
Yet tragically , in a misguided attempt to thwart the spread of HIV and AIDS , lawmakers in many parts of the world have passed criminal statues that promote ignorance about the disease , punish its victims , and enhance the chances that the virus will infect new victims .
Morales passed a constitutional reform that included changes in the conception and role of the state , private property , and management of natural resources and taxes .
Especially troublesome is Israel 's construction of huge concrete dividing walls in populated areas and high fences in rural areas -- located entirely on Palestinian territory and often with deep intrusions to encompass more land and settlements .
India 's population is now a little over one billion ; it will almost certainly surpass 1.5 billion by mid-century , overtaking China 's population along the way before it stops growing .
In recent years , aside from Berlusconi himself , other divorcés like Centrist Catholic Party Leader Pier Ferdinando Casini and Parliament Speaker Gianfranco Fini could easily deliver passionate speeches in the morning on the importance of the traditional family unit and the sacredness of marriage , attend a touching audience with the Pope in the afternoon , and then rush off in the evening to their unmarried partners and mothers of their latest offspring .
In fact , none of the major economic and social reforms Mexico desperately needs in order to grow more rapidly , distribute wealth more evenly , and combat poverty more effectively can be passed if the institutional scaffolding is not rebuilt .
Still , it seemed more likely to pass than the other two pending Latin American trade deals with Panama and Peru .
Still , it seemed more likely to pass than the other two pending Latin American trade deals with Panama and Peru .
That seems to be the case in Mexico , which recently passed new tax and electoral laws -- but not the ones the country needs .
Thus , if the Democrats demonstrate a minimum of compassion , sensitivity , and realism , they can count on a 7 % advantage in the popular vote .
But doing so could cost Democrats dearly in old industrial states like Pennsylvania , Ohio , and Michigan , where the arrival of Mexican migrants , transformed into immigrants , has stoked passions .
Doing so would give whomever he chooses an edge when Raúl , who is 76 , passes on , and he and Fidel do not necessarily agree on who should come next .
What will deter the next Central American dictator and murderer if the Cubans are given a free pass ?
In Cuba , Fidel Castro 's eventual passing from the scene represents an immense challenge .
But , given the likelihood that Democrats will retain their majorities in the US Congress , even McCain would need to modify the agreement with Colombia in order to get it passed .
Unfortunately , the only two countries that could play a role in reforming the inter-American system and defusing the growing tensions between Colombia and Venezuela will , for different reasons , remain passive .
It also has an economy that is not growing sufficiently to stem the ongoing tide passing through Mexico to the US .
The year that has just passed has demonstrated -- in the handling of the financial crisis and in trying to tackle climate change -- both the need for and the difficulties of creating a new paradigm of global governance .
Given the undemocratic nature of the Legislative Council , it is almost certain that the government has enough votes to pass almost any law it wants .
The Bush administration 's reaction was uncharacteristically blunt , with its call for `` Beijing to reconsider the passage of the law ' '' -- a rather directly worded intrusion into what China considers to be an internal matter .
A year ago , the idea that some number of young men would come to the US to train as pilots , hijack four fully loaded passenger jets , and then turn them into missiles to be exploded into some of the most important symbols of Western civilization - was inconceivable .
This is the realization that lies underneath our all-encompassing focus on security .
In commemorating the passage of a year , we mark the passage from `` before '' to `` after . ''
He has even done the math : sixty years have indeed passed since the Holocaust ended , five times the actual period of Nazi rule in Germany .
Attacks on immigrants went into high gear in February , when the US Congress passed a bill that will make it illegal for any state to issue driver 's licenses to undocumented workers .
In any case , the time to act is now : once the ban is passed by Congress and signed by the president , it is unlikely to be lifted any time soon .
And China , seeking to tighten its grip on Tibet , has worked to control the traditional process of finding the reincarnation of any senior lama that passes away .
And the ongoing Karmapa saga , with its shadowy politics and intrigue , could turn out to be only the opening act -- a foretaste of what may come when two dueling Dalai Lamas emerge after the incumbent passes from the scene .
Yet , by passing the blame for their ongoing terrorist-proxy policy to their mullah puppets , the generals have made the US believe that the key is to contain the religious fringe , not the puppeteers .
Chinese companies can not get thousands of prisoners released on their own , let alone secure passports and exit permits for them .
But the passage of recent constitutional reforms by the Legislative Yuan illustrates the continuing volatility of the situation .
The concept is beguilingly simple : drill at least two boreholes five kilometers deep , inject cold water into one , pass it through the hot rocks , and then bring it back to the surface , where the energy is removed in a power station .
Then re-inject the now cooled water for another pass through the subsurface .
If deadlock and confusion were the only results , such political impasses might be tolerable .
Even though assets such as land were completely secure -LRB- in most English villages , land had passed from owner to owner unchallenged through the courts for 800 years or more -RRB- , investors had to be paid real returns of 10 % to hold land .
Roads that had been largely impassable from neglect for hundreds of years were repaired and improved by local efforts .
After a rough passage to democracy , a traditionally strong Indonesian state is reasserting itself , forcing jihadists out , and across Mindanao 's porous frontiers .
Women also tend to be more sympathetic to efforts to reduce income inequality , although African-American men are just as `` compassionate '' on these issues as African-American women .
Its pantheon includes such passionless executors of raison d'état as Metternich , Talleyrand , Richelieu , Bismarck , and Kissinger -- people who make alliances with morally repugnant partners and then sometimes reverse them at the drop of a hat .
Improved security at ports in Ghana and Senegal is putting a dent in illicit trade passing through those countries .
Likewise , more nitrogen fertilizer is applied in agriculture than is fixed naturally in all terrestrial ecosystems , and nitric-oxide production from the burning of fossil fuels and biomass also surpasses natural emissions .
Moreover , the failure of developed countries -- particularly , the US -- to take responsibility for their historical emissions of greenhouse gases continues , representing a major sticking point because these emissions far surpass those of the developing world .
After all , unpopular parties and falling electoral turnout may merely be passing phenomena .
There may be the vexing question of whether instructions or reports passed over his desk that contained relevant information .
I carried a special pass as a `` victim of fascism , '' but others showed their Iron Cross which they had got for late military action .
Who will make Germany an engine of Europe again rather than a gloomy passenger ?
Some say that it is achieved only once a country has passed the `` two-turnover test , '' that is , two changes of government without violence .
Prime Minister Berlusconi has persuaded the Italian Parliament to pass legislation which primarily benefits him and his business interests .
By the time the false religions of totalitarian ideologies were defeated , real religions -- so it seemed -- had long passed from the political scene .
Those disagreements are not only about Israel , or US tariffs on steel imports from the EU , or the possibility of American courts imposing the death penalty on suspected terrorists who carry European passports ; they increasingly embody a fundamentally different vision about how the world should work .
Moreover , they argue that the cost of any increase in required equity capital would simply be passed on to borrowers in the form of higher interest rates , bringing economic growth to a grinding halt .
LONDON -- Even after the passage of new financial regulations in the United States , the Dodd-Frank Act , and the publication of the Basel Committee 's new capital requirements , the financial sector 's prospects over the next few years remain highly uncertain .
BERKELEY -- It is said that the early nineteenth-century British economist J.R. McCulloch originated the old joke that the only training a parrot needs to be a passable political economist is one phrase : `` supply and demand , supply and demand . ''
But businesses establish lines of credit for future contingencies all the time , and they do n't think there is anything humiliating about resorting to them when those contingencies come to pass .
So , rather than talking about the US debt ceiling , let us think instead about all of the things that the debt-ceiling impasse has prevented the US government from doing during the past six months -- all of the useful policies that might have been debated and enacted , but were not .
On the contrary , the shadow is lengthening with each passing day , owing to the absence of effective policies to get the flow of economy-wide nominal spending back on its previous track .
Summers was criticizing Europe 's focus on the second-order issue of Greece while far graver imbalances -- between the EU 's north and south , and between reckless banks ' creditors and governments that failed to regulate properly -- worsen with each passing day .
As its outgoing president , Jean-Claude Trichet , put it , the ECB has `` only one needle on -LRB- its -RRB- compass , and that is inflation . '' The ECB 's refusal to be a lender of last resort forced the creation of a surrogate institution , the European Financial Stability Facility .
But with every passing year , `` balancing up '' -- rapid growth in the rest of the world boosting demand for US exports -- has become less and less likely .
The history of the late 19th and 20th centuries teaches us that there is something uniquely dangerous to world peace and political sanity during the two generations in which cultures pass from a poor , rural , and agricultural economy to a rich , urban , and industrial -LRB- or post-industrial -RRB- way of life .
Had the Federal Reserve been more aggressive in pushing interest rates down , or had Bush and Congress passed tax cuts aimed at boosting short-term demand and employment , the US economy would have grown at a pace not seen in a generation and a half .
Card-carrying neo-liberals like me , who pushed for opening capital flows wide in the early 1990 's , had a particular vision in mind . But the future that we hoped for did not come to pass .
For example , Americans must buy cars because public transport is so lousy . The value of the cars is calculated in American GDP , but European public-transport systems are counted not at their value to passengers but as a cost to government .
But the historical rule of thumb is that the chances of a fast , hard landing have now surpassed 25 % , and continue to climb .
A 40 % fall in the value of the dollar -- of which half passes through to increased dollar prices of imports -- thus implies a 3.2 % rise in the overall price level .
If there is a sharp spike in interest rates -- caused either by capital flight in anticipation of a dollar decline or by tight monetary policy in reaction to a dollar decline comes to pass -- we will see how good the Federal Reserve really is .
The European Union and American economists in the Clinton administration argued for passage of the Kyoto Treaty only by creating models for something that was n't the Kyoto Treaty .
George W. Bush presented himself not as a normal conservative , but as something he called a `` compassionate conservative , '' thus preserving a certain amount of ambiguity .
Others focused on the `` compassionate '' : they expected Bush 's fiscal policy largely to eschew tax cuts and to adopt largely Democratic spending priorities , including expanded federal aid to education and a prescription drug benefit , thereby showing that Republicans could run a more cost-effective version of the social-welfare state .
Still others interpreted `` compassionate conservatism , '' as the commentator Andrew Sullivan put it , as a `` smokescreen ... necessary for any vaguely successful retrenchment of government power in an insatiable entitlement state . ''
As more time passes with neither the value of the dollar declining sharply nor market forces beginning to shrink America 's current-account deficit -- which may well reach $ 1 trillion this year -- two diametrically opposed reactions are emerging .
As time passes , deficits accumulate . As deficits accumulate , the cost of servicing the net international asset position grows .
But the odds on a soft landing are lengthening with each passing day .
The prospect of a truly hard landing -- that global investors wake up one morning , suddenly recognize the US current account 's can not be sustained , dump dollars , and bring about a crash of the global economy -- is becoming less likely with each passing day .
Four years ago , I would have said that the principal source of international economic disorder was made in America . That has passed as a result of the dollar 's decline and the ebbing political strength of right-wing populist factions in the US that seek ever-greater redistribution to the rich fueled by ever-increasing tax cuts and ever-rising long-term deficits .
Nevertheless , a dispassionate observer might point out that for someone with limited resources and opportunities for policy reform to keep betting double-or-nothing on neo-liberalism is a strategy that has a well-deserved name : `` Gambler 's Ruin . ''
If you had asked me a year ago whether a year could pass without either a restoration of confidence in financial institutions or widespread nationalizations and liquidations , I would have said no. .
Not since 1982 has a decade passed at the end of which investors would have been better off had they placed their money in corporate or United States Treasury bonds rather than in a diversified portfolio of stocks .
In retrospect , the Treasury should have identified all such entities and started buying common stock in them -- whether they liked it or not -- until the crisis passed .
That is the only time when -LRB- a -RRB- a financial crisis caused a widespread , lengthy , and prolonged reinforcing chain of bank failures , and -LRB- b -RRB- the government neither intervened nor passed the baton to a consortium of private banks to support the system as a whole .
And large-scale market interventions funded and guided by the Treasury never came to pass on a sufficiently large scale to have any tangible effect on jobs .
NEW YORK -- In their efforts to pass a bailout plan for America 's financial system , Bush administration officials invoked the specter of the Great Depression of the 1930 's .
Particles get from A to B without passing through the intervening space , where they have insufficient energy to exist ; they briefly `` borrow '' the energy , because we are `` uncertain '' about what their energy is .
Information gets from A to B without anything passing in between -- what Einstein called `` spooky action at a distance . '' And so on .
While production had been just over five million tons in 1957 , he expected the country to catch up with or even surpass the United States by 1962 , producing 80-100 million tons per year , and to reach 700 million tons per year by the mid-1970 's , making China the undisputed world leader .
One site was still operating 24 hours a day ; in others production had been temporarily halted until the deadline passed .
Two tons of heroin per month passed from Asia to Europe through Kosovo during the rule of Slobodan Milosevic .
Back then , irrational news decisions , sycophancy , and propaganda were passed off as journalism .
I fear that it stems from the fact that we Europeans are so materialistic , so devoid of a moral compass .
But with growth in China 's coastal region running at possibly 15 % per year , who can seriously doubt that in 15 years it will surpass Brazil ?
Every minute that passes means one less mother , and it is shameful that 99 % of these deaths occur in developing countries .
What Octavio Paz once called Mexico 's `` labyrinth of solitude '' toward the world beyond its borders was built on a sense of inferiority and a propensity for passivity .
It does n't matter that people seeking information are free to bypass Google and use other tools ; they do n't .
As I passed an ad in the Moscow metro promoting advertising space for sale , I remembered hurtling down one of those same long , fast escalators sometime in the mid-1990 's with a pioneering advertising man .
As for spam , ISPs -LRB- including mail service providers -RRB- could limit their users to , say , 100 e-mails a day ; for more , you have to pay or at least post a security bond , or pass some good behavior test .
ISPs need to pass these costs on to their customers . But they wo n't , because they compete mostly on price .
The slogan meant that his government intended to free up -LRB- by military means -RRB- the country 's main road networks , even when these passed through FARC territory .
Whether it involved absolute loyalty or murderous rivalry , traditional politics was rarely divorced from personal passion .
Not so in modern Western democracies , where personal passions are , at least in theory , supposed to be completely separate from the impersonal representation of group interests .
Indeed , it may be that the transition from passionate to impersonal politics is one of the most difficult challenges facing democratizers everywhere .
We may not want politicians to be driven by self-interest , but we need to acknowledge that they have selves , which are formed by a multitude of factors -- and passions .
Consider the following image : consumers and investors as passengers in a car hurtling directly toward a brick wall .
Here , the plausible passengers are southern European firms .
If the passengers were growing restive , they would rise .
In 1990 , the Italian singer Toto Cutugno won the annual Eurovision song contest with his passionate call to Europeans to unite .
Almost 20 years later , the Swedish band Europe 's hit song , `` The Final Countdown , '' seems more appropriate for the euro area with every passing day .
One way to understand current conditions -- and what is needed to improve them -- is to consider two events that recently attracted considerable worldwide attention : the launch of Boeing 's Dreamliner passenger jet and the tragic death of Apple 's Steve Jobs .
The longer the policymaking impasse persists , the greater the stall-speed risk for an economy that already has an unemployment crisis , a large budget deficit , many underwater mortgages , and policy interest rates floored at zero .
As the crew of the now-burdened rescue vessel waits for relief , they are forced to deal with restless passengers .
In such exhibits , however , it is impossible to find answers to the most obvious questions : How many prisoners passed through this camp ?
As generations pass , monuments evolve from a medium of mourning to instruments of education .
Not that Putin 's version of history denies this memory altogether . This summer , he publicly instructed his education minister to include passages from Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn 's The Gulag Archipelago in the high school curriculum .
Now , with negotiations at an impasse , settlement building continuing unabated , no end in sight to the never-ending humiliation of occupation , and all other forms of leverage evidently exhausted , the Palestinians are going to the United Nations to seek recognition in some form of their statehood .
Not even the most passionate advocate of the responsibility to protect can pretend otherwise .
But in the real world , how consistent is it possible to be in responding to genocide and other mass atrocities , treaty breaches , border violations , or other serious trespasses against international law ?
Libya passes , as would most other recent cases : had oil -- or regime change -- been the primary motivation , the Arab League and the Security Council would never have endorsed military intervention .
Not many years ago , in Australia -- as in most of the rest of the world -- these kinds of incidents would have passed utterly unremarked and without redress .
They were not serious -- just part of the game , uttered in the heat of the gladiatorial contest on the field and the passionate partisan cheering in the stands .
But the most recent RRR increases serve mainly to sterilize the `` passive money supply '' caused by the increase in foreign-exchange reserves .
Many current studies focus on developing vaccines that might not completely prevent HIV infection , but that still could slow the progression of HIV or make a person less likely to pass the virus on to others .
The Berlusconi government recently passed a budget bill designed to raise tax revenue and to bring the economy to a balanced budget by 2013 .
Insisting that self-determination was the only way ahead , he called on the army to reject even passive association with the insurrection and instructed it to re-establish public order .
Local militias achieved prominence and power in the Netherlands , beginning in 1568 during the long struggle against the Spanish Habsburgs , though they were again sidelined when the threat passed in the late seventeenth century .
Switzerland , Portugal , and other countries have demonstrated that there is a better way forward , combining pragmatism and cost effectiveness with compassion and respect for human rights .
From January 1 , 2011 , we will switch to biometric passports .
Ever since Bush 's State of the Union address at the end of January , hardly a day has passed without something happening in connection with Iran or without the Bush administration 's ratcheting up its rhetoric .
But the consequences of a military adventure in Iran would far surpass those of the war in Iraq .
In the last three years , the United Nations Security Council has passed ten resolutions requiring the Sudanese government to change course and fulfill its obligation to protect its own people .
Until 1989 , the global market encompassed between 800 million and one billion people .
Years of bad news appear to have passed the Germans by without a trace .
The reaction of EU member states to this ongoing self-inflicted impasse is unambiguous : rather than trying to reenergize the process of further political and economic integration , they are primarily acting on their own to try to fill the vacuum that has emerged .
By contrast , each passing day seems to drive EU members further apart .
But one thing is certain : if the present impasse continues , the situation will only get worse .
Even when times were better , Merkel 's passive political style allowed vacuums to form , which were filled by other political forces within her party .
BERLIN -- Two years have passed since Barack Obama was elected President of the United States .
Moreover , the country 's strategic situation is deteriorating with each passing year , because the global redistribution of power and influence from the West to the East can only weaken Israel 's position .
Without a strategic re-orientation of its own -- to remain passive is a risky endeavor in a rapidly changing world order -- Israel would further delegitimize and isolate itself internationally .
But Israel 's current passivity -- with all of its negative long-term consequences for the country -- is likely to continue as long as Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu considers his coalition 's survival more important than a decisive peace initiative .
And with every passing day , America 's position in the region is weakening further and the chances of a successful new political strategy become more remote .
He was passionate about philosophy but , at the insistence of his father , took classes in economics .
How do we explain the passion aroused by the campaign and by Sarkozy himself including the massive affirmation he received in the parliamentary election ?
His mandate is much more demanding : he must reconcile France 's public interests with its private passions .
Journalists on the ground would do well to inquire about the relevant military objectives rather than pass judgment on the basis of the numbers of civilians killed , which may have minimal relevance to legal analysis .
In September 2005 , the United Nations Security Council passed Resolution 1624 -- paradoxically , with American approval -- calling upon all member states to enact criminal sanctions against those who incite terrorism .
Anti-Semites often cite a passage in Matthew in which a Jewish crowd cheers for Christ 's execution and voluntarily accepts permanent guilt : `` His blood be on us and on our children . ''
The UN repeatedly passes resolutions against terrorism , but can not agree on how to define the term .
In such cases , there is a duty to guarantee that all sentences are passed `` by a regularly constituted court affording all the judicial guarantees which are recognized as indispensable by civilized peoples . ''
For six years , the voices of reason have largely been drowned out , with passions and delusions claiming primacy .
Since the probability of the event occurring is only 10 % in any year , the chances are nearly 60 % that more than five years will pass without the event occurring , in which case Oz makes more than $ 15 million even if no new money comes into the fund .
As each year passes , China 's markets expand worldwide , and its domestic market comes to represent a greater percentage of its own GDP .
While committee members tried to be dispassionate , their own judgment , predilections , and interests necessarily entered into their work , and some championed their own agendas , whether openly or cunningly .
This often made it difficult to attribute authorship , because a text might consist of a copied lecture in which the copyist 's comments were inserted and then perhaps altered as the book passed to other hands .
While Wikipedians do not need to pass around copies of their text -- everyone owns a virtual copy -- Wikipedia 's content policy remains deeply medieval in spirit .
Never would the law in its current form have passed through the old State Duma .
But in Burma today , this spiritual philosophy , rooted in compassion and non-violence , has assumed unexpected dimensions of defiance and recalcitrance , as monks challenge the hegemony of the military junta that rules our country .
By all measures , Beijing 's T3 surpasses London 's T5 .
Whereas T5 can handle only 12,000 bags an hour -LRB- when it handles them at all -RRB- and 30 million passengers per year , T3 can handle 20,000 bags an hour and 50 million passengers .
In addition to having become the world 's industrial park , China now has more mobile phone subscribers than the combined populations of the United States , the United Kingdom , Canada , Australia and New Zealand , and the number of Internet users has just surpassed that in the US .
I hope that when millions of overseas passengers pass through T3 , including those who do so during the Beijing Olympics , they will pause and reflect upon the distance China has traveled over the past three decades in its reform and opening to the outside world . Granted , China still has further to go , and many people may find fault with much in the country .
Above all , Syria wants to bypass Washington 's reform agenda and preserve the domestic status quo .
The operation performed on DeBakey involved putting him on cardiac bypass and opening the aorta , the artery that carries blood from the heart to most of the major organs of the body .
This means assuring compassionate nursing home care , coordinated management of chronic diseases , and competent palliative care as death approaches , rather than using ever more technology to try to eke out a little more life .
Economic growth must encompass all regions of the country , and people must have equal social guarantees , rights , and opportunities regardless of their place of residence .
The rise of nationalism prior to the outbreak of World War I led to the widespread introduction of passports and ushered in stricter controls on the international movement of people .
Government and rebel leaders around the globe have been put on notice that criminal conduct will no longer be given a free pass .
Though serious , the charges against him -- recruiting child soldiers -- do not pretend to encompass the range of abuses committed .
MOSCOW -- Imagine a crank who tries to pass himself off as a nineteenth-century Russian baron .
Now , suppose that same crank attempted to treat passersby as if they were his serfs .
Her comment was an explicit reference to Allende 's last speech from the besieged La Moneda palace on September 11 , 1973 , when he declared that some day , much sooner than later , `` we will reopen the great promenades down which free men pass . ''
Consider this : at any given moment , the average citizen in the developed world has billions of messages passing through his or her brain .
Russia can be effective in dealing with these issues only if it becomes a competent global actor . Yet many assume that world politics should be designed to bypass Russia .
Breaking the impasse requires restoring political legitimacy by electing a president who , having promised reform , gains a mandate to deliver it .
I was born on Swiss soil , but that did not give me the right to a Swiss passport .
In Neuchatel , many naturalized citizens , including elected local councilors , retain their foreign passports for several reasons : among European Union passport-holders , doing so allows their children to study in the EU or to work there themselves .
As time passed and scientific knowledge accumulated -- much of it from the fruit fly -- the true complexity of the relationship between genes and characteristics became clear .
This pool of reserves surpasses developing countries ' immediate liquidity needs , leading to their increased creation and expansion of sovereign wealth funds , which have an additional level of assets of more than $ 3 trillion .
This summer has given us one such example : the climate-change bill , for which President Barack Obama had pushed so hard , will not even be presented to the United States Senate , because it stands no chance of passage .
Indeed , by 2020 , Chinese emissions could be more than triple those of Europe and even surpass those of the US and Europe combined .
Neither side is budging , although either could easily break the impasse .
But shops and showrooms can not be transformed into tourist attractions , whose capacity will remain limited until enough time has passed to build new hotels , recreational facilities , etc. .
Maradona has been condemned to lie naked in front of millions of his fans , and his country has been condemned to pursue and reclaim him with its suffocating passion .
But , where Evita 's voice was full of the `` pathos '' of poverty and injustice , of passion and tenderness , Cristina evokes more anger and defiance .
No compassion is heard .
Néstor and Cristina will be dealing with a parliament that is much weakened : laws passed by legislators close to the government allow the president to `` correct '' the budget and issue `` necessary and urgent '' decrees that substitute for laws .
Today , both `` conservative democrats '' and liberals advocate passing all the reforms needed to gain accession to the EU , while opponents include extreme nationalists , of both left and right , as well as some elements of the `` secular '' establishment .
In the past , when state economic decision-making reached such an impasse , wars and\/or revolutions were the inevitable result .
For too long , these countries watched economic prosperity pass them by .
In the case of Egypt , there are several reasons : more than 30 years of one-man rule ; Hosni Mubarak 's plans to pass the presidency on to his son ; widespread corruption , patronage , and nepotism ; and economic reform that did not benefit most Egyptians , but that nonetheless contrasted sharply with the almost complete absence of political change .
NEW YORK -- It was a decade ago that 19 terrorists took control of four planes , flew two into the twin towers of the World Trade Center , hit the Pentagon with a third , and crashed the fourth in a field in Pennsylvania after passengers resisted and made it impossible for the terrorists to complete their malevolent mission .
American policymakers focused primarily on enlarging NATO to encompass many of the former Warsaw Pact countries , and on contending with the post-Yugoslav wars .
The change will legitimize marijuana 's de facto legal status since passage of Proposition 215 in 1996 .
By contrast , banks and others can use European `` passports '' to provide financial services -- which do have significant public-finance implications -- throughout the EU .
As a result , Iraq 's refusal to cooperate in making the scientists available for interviews -- the key to its entire strategy of denial -- was mentioned only in passing at the end of the inspectors ' reports .
The Middle East urgently needs support in creating a regional stability charter to encompass codes of conduct , goals for regional cooperation , and the mechanisms of a regional cohesion fund to tackle underdevelopment and fund new infrastructure .
Funding from the EU and from member states has helped to alleviate suffering , while compassionate community-building efforts by European individuals and organizations have highlighted the true closeness of all who share a common Mediterranean history .
Paraphrasing Katherine Hepburn in the movie The African Queen , religion allows us to rise above wicked old Mother Nature , handing us a moral compass .
You pass by a small child drowning in a shallow pond , and you are the only one around .
For example , because atheists supposedly lack a moral compass , they should be guided by pure self-interest and walk by the drowning child .
This can change only if the new ruling forces in Russia opt for realism rather than populism ; choose to nurture common sense rather than nationalist passions ; to look for friends rather than for enemies ; and to build an open democratic society rather than cling to Soviet-era resentments .
Communism , we are told , was only one of the dead ends of Western rationalism ; therefore , it was sufficient to wait passively for it to fail .
Another year has now passed with little progress in bridging the divide between Palestinians and Israelis .
The security impasse that exists between Israel and the Gazan-Palestinian leadership has also led to blockades of food aid by Israel that have left Gaza 's 1.5 million people facing conditions of real hunger .
Germany seems mired in passivity , as it did in the final years of Helmut Kohls long rule .
DENVER -- Not since 1989 has the world seen such an all-consuming , all-engulfing wildfire of freedom and democracy , whose burning passions are sweeping across a region vast and old and desperately in need of reform .
June , it turns out , marks another milestone on the alliance 's uncertain path : its operation in Libya has now surpassed in length the one in Kosovo 12 years ago .
There were also moments of great concern about whether the allies would be willing to stay the course as the days , weeks , and months passed , with no end in sight .
In early June , the National Association of Teachers in Further and Higher Education -LRB- NATFHE -RRB- , Britain 's largest academic union , with 67,000 members , passed a motion to sever ties with all Israeli professors and institutions of higher learning unless they publicly dissociate themselves from `` continuing Israeli apartheid policies . ''
Two years ago , the European Parliament in Strasbourg overwhelmingly passed a declaration urging a green hydrogen economy .
Rising from the table , the American-educated Karadzic raged in passable English about the `` humiliations '' his people were suffering .
But for the United States to undertake a full-scale invasion would be , once again , to fall into a trap : to be lured back into `` the Soviet 's Vietnam '' while pouring kerosene on Islamist passions in Pakistan .
Hardly a week passes without the Chinese ambassador giving eloquent speeches for different audiences .
New laws , expected to be passed by the Frontier Assembly soon , follow the lead of Afghanistan 's former Taliban government .
Dr. Khan allegedly also supplied a detailed nuclear weapon design that US experts say is of a 1964 Chinese vintage passed on to Pakistan two decades ago .
Hustlers thrive , the weak watch passively .
Prime Minister Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto had made a passionate appeal for funds around the world , had taken a token helicopter trip to the destroyed town of Besham , and then made fantastic promises of relief and rehabilitation .
Some of Musharraf 's achievements are significant . Relations with India have improved , the Kashmir insurgency supported by Pakistan has been scaled back , a women 's protection bill was passed in the teeth of Islamic opposition , and a virulent public school curriculum that emphasized jihad and martyrdom has been toned down .
While it is impossible to know what proportion of these people are experiencing normal sadness that would go away with the passage of time or a change in social context , it is almost certainly very high .
Observers interpret al-Khatib 's comments as a reference to the passage of vast amounts of luxury goods through Jordan into Iraq , one of the means by which Saddam has been able to reward his followers .
The problem with such intrusive oversight is that political issues that incite the strongest passions -- such as determining electoral lists -- are suppressed when an international body offers and imposes its own solutions .
In Albania , instead of developing and strengthening our infant democratic institutions , the OSCE , in its desire to see its policies implemented , often seeks to bypass or override them .
Today , highly motivated people can lower the threshold for action so that people with less passion join their efforts .
On a 25 mile stretch of road between the southern cities of Kismayo and Jilib , there are at least 35 checkpoints manned by armed men who take $ 50 to $ 200 from passing travelers .
This is what the enemy hopes for . Al-Quaeda must be hoping to lure long convoys of American soldiers and their equipment into those high , narrow mountain passes where the Russians were drawn in to their deaths .
The two pillar strategy responds to the fact that we -LRB- still -RRB- lack a model which encompasses both dimensions , the economic or real and the monetary , in a consistent and robust manner .
The deadline extension that it passed was in keeping with both the spirit and the letter of the TAL .
Changes can always be proposed after a decent interval passes .
He has created security forces -- some of which have reportedly acted as death squads -- that are answerable directly to him , thus bypassing the constitutional chain of command .
Moreover , the size of China 's economy will surpass that of the US in about 15 years .
What makes the debate so passionate in 2005 is a new fear that did not exist in the 1980 's : that the new members have a different social model , in which workers ' rights and the welfare state will be eroded .
Only leadership by a determined great power , prepared to sacrifice its particular national interests in order to break the resulting impasse , might conceivably have saved the meeting .
PRINCETON -- Now that the economic crisis looks less threatening -LRB- at least for the moment -RRB- , and forecasters are spying `` green shoots '' of recovery , an ever more encompassing blame game is unfolding .
The political passions aroused by the clashes of interpretation often make the crisis seemingly insoluble .
In an extreme form , luxury hotels are now organizing service in local community projects as a way of engaging the passions of their wealthy patrons .
Fortunately , larger companies are now less dependent on bank credit than they were in the past , thanks to a well-developed market for commercial paper that in effect bypasses traditional bank loans .
Instead , the wider and deeper historical vision is of a globalization that encompasses the Roman empire and the Song dynasty , and goes back to the globalization of the human species from a common African origin .
Would it not be desirable just to hide losses until uncertainty passed and confidence returned ?
More than three years passed before new US Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady set out a more satisfactory program , in which banks would be given a menu of options that included lower interest rates on the debt and a hefty discount on the principal .
The threat posed by Europe 's current policy impasse can hardly be overestimated .
The Dodd-Frank Financial Reform Bill , which is about to pass the US Senate , does something similar -- and long overdue -- for banking .
So this is what a US debt default would look like : the private sector would collapse , unemployment would quickly surpass 20 % , and , while the government would shrink , it would remain the employer of last resort .
With each passing day , it becomes more apparent that a restructuring of Greek debt is unavoidable .
With Senators Patrick Leahy and Chuck Grassley , Kaufman worked last year to pass a bill providing timely resources to federal law enforcement agencies working on recent financial fraud .
The rest pass through some type of early retirement scheme .
It has been a victim of its own grandiose dreams about its role in the world and place among Islamic nations , and often of intense emotionalism and an absence of calm , dispassionate logic .
A powerful lobbying effort included millions of dollars spent to support passage of one of the crowning achievements of Bush 's foreign policy : the United States-India Civil Nuclear Cooperation Agreement .
Its passivity cost Japan the trust of the international community .
But the issue goes beyond education . Coerced into feeling the need to atone to China , Japan passively tolerated recent episodes of worrying Chinese behavior .
Nuclear deterrence and `` mutually assured destruction '' would be passé only if we assumed that we -- people , countries , and humankind at large -- had become so ideal and humane that we no longer needed self-deterrence .
Ahmadinejad himself , however , has generally ignored the post-election crisis in his public statements , and evidently believed that Khamenei 's post-election support meant that the Supreme Leader would remain passive in the face of encroachments on his traditional powers and prerogatives .
For example , the Andhra Pradesh state government passed a restrictive ordinance making it difficult for microfinance institutions to recover their loans from their clients .
The next wave of NATO expansion promises to lap onto Russia 's border and indeed surpass the old Soviet borders by taking in the Baltic states .
Putin 's all-encompassing popularity , which is genuine , and his blurring of all political dividing lines has given him an unassailable position .
Russia , sadly , had no one with the moral authority to soothe people 's passions .
Many , particularly in the West , would like to see Putin and his prickly , anti-Western authoritarianism pass from the scene .
Becoming a mother -- the rite of passage that Mothers ' Day celebrates -- can carry a terrible burden of fear , anxiety , and loss for many women and their families .
Resolutions mandating peace operations can not continue to be passed without the necessary troops , money , and materiel .
Today 's uncertainties will pass , but only if we act wisely and responsibly .
In this capacity , Turkey complements and contributes to a unique transitional passage between otherwise difficult regions , for it signifies centuries-old co-existence and adjustment .
Today , 15 states and the federal government proscribe the practice by statute , and two others have passed laws that are awaiting gubernatorial signature .
After the wave passed , a chaotic mountain of debris was all that was left of Kamaishi , Japan 's oldest steel-manufacturing town , in Iwate prefecture .
The regime in Pyongyang is seeking to ensure that power passes to a third generation of Kims , represented by the pudgy and well-fed `` Dear Young General , '' Kim Jong-un , and appears to believe that provocations such as its bombardment of a South Korean island earlier this year are the way to secure the succession .
The general assembly of North Korea 's Workers ' Party , now underway for the first time in 44 years , is the clearest sign yet that `` Dear Leader '' Kim , who is seriously ill , is passing the crown in the hermit kingdom founded by his father , Kim Il-sung .
Kim Kyong-hui 's intent to exercise power after her brother 's passing is supported by rumors that she helped arrange a traffic accident in June that killed Ri Je-gang , a senior party official and perceived guardian of Kim Jong-eun who reportedly attempted to oust Kim Kyong-hui and her close allies from power .
So when Kim Jong-il passes from the scene , and political instability meets economic blight , the regime could fall apart .
Europe 's Russia SOFIA -- The post-Cold War order in Europe is finished , with Vladimir Putin its executioner . Russia 's invasion of Georgia only marked its passing .
Holland has played by the stability pact rules but , so far , the big countries -- France , Italy and Germany -- have been getting a free pass from the responsible authorities .
Now the axis has crushed hopes of passing a new European constitution in Brussels by demanding the so-called `` double majority '' rule , which would seriously weaken medium-size and smaller countries ' voting power by comparison to what was agreed three years ago in Nice .
Were Thatcherite leaders who would take society by the scruff of the neck and promote change needed , or were passive leaders á la Clinton and Schroeder to be preferred in the hope that weak government would not retard economic growth ?
Witness the French Third and Fourth Republics , Italy 's First Republic , Weimar Germany , and Argentina before Juan Peron : weakness begets cynicism which begets passivity .
His passivity was rewarded with a thumping re-election victory .
And Kosovo officials should consider that if the impasse continues for much longer , the West 's massive financial support for their state will become increasingly difficult to defend , especially given fiscal austerity at home .
We must develop a spirit of compassion with those who suffer , with special care for the children , the aged , the poor , the disabled , the refugees , and the lonely ;
I shall not pass judgment on his plans for the world economy as reported so far .
The new sanctions simply are not severe enough to intimidate Iran into submission , and more restrictive ones would not pass muster within the Security Council .
Though steps toward democracy are possible , when the euphoria of the moment passes , political contenders will realize that , if only in self-defense , they must restrict their opponents ' freedoms .
The internal fighting in Palestine began in part as a result of the political impasse caused after Israel and the international community imposed an economic embargo on the Palestinian Authority .
Israel encompassed more than 77 % of the territory , Jordan was left to rule East Jerusalem and the West Bank , and Egypt took control of Gaza .
Clearly , the false trappings of a state provided as part of the Oslo peace process have resulted in little tangible change for Palestinians . They got an elected president -LRB- who for a while was trapped in his headquarters -RRB- , a parliament and government -LRB- whose MPs and ministers are not guaranteed passage from Gaza to the West Bank -RRB- , and passports -LRB- whose numbers must be entered into Israeli computers -RRB- .
After 60 years of failures , and as the generation that lived through the Nakbeh passes from the scene , a political settlement that can provide Palestinians with freedom in an independent state alongside a secure Israel and a fair solution of the refugee problem is more necessary -- but also appears less possible -- than ever .
Not everyone passes such a test , particularly when elections are approaching .
Lithuania passed that test ; I am confident that Viktor Yushchenko and his team will do so as well .
Russia is passing from being the Russian Federation of Boris Yeltsin to a unitary authoritarian regime under Vladimir Putin and his former KGB colleagues .
Many evade or reject paying taxes , in part by appealing for compassion towards the poor .
Whatever remains for public investments are sure to be wasted , as projects tend to pass cost-benefit analysis when the financing comes from easy money , generously provided by mother nature .
This protein is involved in a process called apoptosis in which damaged cells commit `` suicide '' to ensure that their defective genes are not passed on to daughter cells . -LRB- This is perhaps the first indication that self-sacrifice may be an intrinsic human trait ! -RRB-
Environmentalists hired scientists , lawyers , and lobbyists who made sure that laws were n't just passed in Congress , but also implemented in practice .
Those who disdain environmental concerns have been ousted at the polls in large numbers , companies invest huge amounts in environmental technologies , states are suing car producers for their climate-adverse policies , and the requirements of the Kyoto Protocol have long been surpassed by some states -- a lesson for German and European cities and municipalities .
Despite efforts to build a Fortress Europe , over a million foreigners bypass its defences every year ; some enter covertly , but most just overstay their visas and work illicitly .
The passing of authority in Iraq from the US-led coalition to an Iraqi government and the need for a much stronger UN role now offers the chance and imposes the need for everyone to stop posturing and get serious .
Food Fight Europe 's parliament has passed stringent new rules for genetically modified food , raising American objections .
But this does not explain why 14 countries not only caught up with Sweden during this period , but surpassed it in terms of GDP per capita .
Who loved this woman and why did he want everyone to know of his passion ?
Russia 's heavy-handed pressure on Georgia and its support of secessionist movements in South Ossetia and Abkhazia , two unrecognized republics within Georgia , inflames passions and risks destabilizing the already tense Northern Caucasus .
But the memoirs of these rebellious vanguards of yesteryear highlight only their youthful passion and pure idealism , or their sufferings and those of their parents .
Merchandise need n't pass through the capital , as it does in most Latin American and Caribbean countries , with the associated cost increases .
To be fair , he deserves some form of recognition for his resolute passion .
If elected , Obama plans to count on former vice president and passionate campaigner Al Gore to help `` lead the fight '' against warming .
We 've seen record drought , spreading famine , and storms that are growing stronger with each passing hurricane season . ''
The Climate Change Safari Park COPENHAGEN -- As Barack Obama prepares for his inauguration , it is worth contemplating a passage from his book Dreams from My Father . It reveals a lot about the way we view the world 's problems .
While our compassion is great , our resources are limited .
After the narrow passage of the Waxman-Markey climate-change bill in the United States House of Representatives , Krugman said that there was no justification for a vote against it . He called virtually all of the members who voted against it , `` climate deniers '' who were committing `` treason against the planet . ''
Even if every Kyoto-obligated country passed its own , duplicate Waxman-Markey bills -- which is implausible and would incur significantly higher costs -- the global reduction would amount to just 0.22 ° C -LRB- 0.35 ° F -RRB- by the end of this century .
Atmospheric greenhouse gases allow sunlight to pass through but absorb heat and radiate some down to the earth 's surface .
A sullen passivity is the most that Saddam can expect from Iraqis .
Instead of waiting passively for sanctions , Iran 's leaders decided to start a Middle East crisis by organizing attacks against Israel .
On January 23 , the Security Council issued a statement expressing regret that the conduct of `` free and fair presidential elections '' had not yet been carried out in accordance with Security Council Resolution 1559 , which was passed on the eve of Lahoud 's extension .
Oil revenues enable them to bribe the population to remain politically passive , while discouraging the creation of the kind of free-market system that breeds democracy .
I have learned , however , in the more than ten years that have passed since I felt that burning , to honor exile , doing so in the name of all that is challenge and epiphany , of all the doubts and the lifelong apprenticeship it implies , for its emptiness and richness , for the unfettering of myself and the clash within myself .
A map of my own fate would encompass Bukovina as my native land , the Transdnistrian concentration camp of my childhood , the Communist labor camp Periprava where my father 's identity was altered , the Bucharest of my student years and my adulthood , Berlin , my exile 's starting point , and finally New York , where my exile found its residence .
Seventy-five years had to pass after Kafka 's swim before Central and Eastern Europe would return to the broader European civilization .
But I faced a new surprise the following week , when , on the same TV program , the hostess was rather passive towards her guest , a militant journalist turned mercenary journalist , as he confessed his admiration for Corneliu Zelea Codreanu , the `` Captain '' of the Iron Guard , the far-right Orthodox terrorist organization of the pre-war years .
Koizumi had relied on the bureaucrats to implement his reforms , but he did so at the price of postponing an overhaul of the civil service , which became a poisoned chalice that he passed on to Abe .
If this approach does not work , and if the existing Marine base on Okinawa remains , Hatoyama can pass the buck to the US , thereby deflecting anti-base pressure from local residents .
Consequently , he was aloof from the DPJ 's feud with Japan 's powerful bureaucratic mandarins , who are desperately trying to safeguard the longstanding bureaucratic\/cabinet system in which the once-ruling Liberal Democratic Party -LRB- LDP -RRB- passed mandarin-drafted , cabinet-sponsored bills and budgets , almost continuously , for five decades .
Because the DPJ has neither an upper-house majority nor the two-thirds lower-house majority needed to override upper-house votes , his government will be unable to pass budget and\/or appropriation bills by the end of the current fiscal year , March 31 , 2011 .
By 2050 , the combined GDP of the largest 11 African economies should reach more than $ 13 trillion , surpassing Brazil and Russia -LRB- but not China or India -RRB- .
Given this history , it is clear that the governments of Sudan and South Sudan , as well as the overwhelming majority of the Sudanese people , have had enough of war and passionately desire peace .
Thousands of names fell out of the history , people 's deeds were `` passed '' to others , and the nature , motives , and activities of parties , groups , national movements , and classes were distorted .
The global pressures pushing European nations closer together are as strong as ever , so the impasse over the EU 's constitutional treaty was never going to push Europe off course for very long .
Both are surely aware that China 's surging exports last year helped it surpass the US as Europe 's largest foreign supplier .
But , with the passage of time , the Barroso-led Commission has also come under fire for being unadventurous and lacklustre .
That seeming passivity is now his greatest problem .
ROME -- One storm has passed in Italy .
Sixteen years have passed since Silvio Berlusconi , a blessing and a curse for the Italian people , made his first foray into the political ring .
After every country has received its `` opt-out , '' and the Competitiveness Pact 's targets have been sufficiently diluted to ensure its passage , there will most likely be very little of substance left .
The intermingling of religious passion and political radicalism makes the Iraqi insurgency particularly dangerous and difficult to quell .
By taking an essentially passive position , this approach might merely prolong the Age of Terrorism needlessly .
The victory of the famed opposition trade-union movement , Solidarity , in Eastern Europe 's first free election since 1946 was eclipsed by the violent crackdown in Beijing and Khomeini 's tumultuous passing .
Just the unbroken line of people , holding hands and passing silently in the white darkness , the line looping back and forth outside the forbidding gates .
Global redistribution through taxes that would be levied by an international body may seem far-fetched today , but the logic of development that we are witnessing -- particularly the move away from nation-states as the locus of sovereignty -- suggests that it may eventually come to pass .
Even in the absence of natural disasters , diarrhea is the number-two infectious killer of children under the age of five in developing countries -LRB- surpassed only by respiratory diseases -RRB- , accounting for roughly two million deaths a year .
In some technology-poor but oil-rich Middle East countries , state-of-the-art radiotherapy -LRB- and cardio-pulmonary bypass -RRB- equipment has been delivered , but never used , or has been damaged by electrical surges or power outages .
Hard Truths about Bird Flu The issues surrounding the possibility of a pandemic of the H5N1 strain of avian flu are extraordinarily complex , encompassing medicine , epidemiology , virology , and even politics and ethics .
By its immobilization , however , such a community may simply be too passive to oppose the violent men acting in its name .
Islamic laws in Malaysia are based on religious doctrine but codified and passed as statutes by state parliaments .
The Iranian regime is highly ideological and animated by an open passion to destroy Israel .
They intuitively sense that they can no longer rely only on the absolute security guarantee represented by the United States ' combination of active and passive support .
America 's inadvertent `` passivity '' in the Clinton years and the wrong directions of the Bush years coincided with the rise of China and India , as well as Russia 's renewed international clout as a result of high oil prices .
And why has Sarkozy proved to be so resilient , despite the often negative passions aroused by his personality ?
Also , with the emergence of a new generation of political leaders , the French &#45; &#45; who were thought cynical towards politics &#45; &#45; seem to have regained their unique passion for it .
That means emphasizing in a reassuring way , economic credibility for Segolene Royal , and social compassion for Nicolas Sarkozy .
The big picture today is the possible passage of global leadership from the West to Asia .
The eminent people who pass through are given opportunities only for sound bites , developed thoughts .
From Olympia to Impasse
From Olympia to Impasse PARIS -- `` Do not mix sports and politics ! '' That defiant cry from China 's rulers to the threat of a boycott of this summer 's Beijing Olympic Games does not stand the test of reality .
And , to make matters worse , the French soccer team , whose World Cup victory in 1998 gave his predecessor Jacques Chirac a short respite and a passing popularity boom , was humiliated in June 's Euro championship .
After all , this is Europe more than six decades after World War II , and nearly 20 years after the collapse of the Soviet Union . The use of force to settle scores and impose one nation 's will upon another can not be accepted passively .
Second , there is a continuing structural imbalance between the way Europe looks at America , i.e. , with passion and concern , and the way America looks at Europe , i.e. , with mild interest giving way to growing indifference .
Paradoxically , too , the `` greening '' of America -- an America that discovers late but with passion its responsibility for the planet 's survival -- may lead to a competitive transatlantic race for first prize in ecological good behavior .
For the French , Sarkozy 's determination to act , despite the odds , seems far superior to the passive cynicism of those who preach abstention or satisfy themselves with empty words .
Yet , as time passes , one senses the emergence of something like a new French self-definition , which is probably the most clearly `` Western '' in the history of the Fifth Republic .
As a visiting professor at Harvard and MIT , I am getting a good preview of what the world could look like when the crisis finally passes .
If the United States wants to be seriously involved in a renewed peace initiative , it can neither ignore nor passively accept the hierarchy of Israeli emotions .
The country 's colonial past still remains a painful issue that is yet far from being confronted in a dispassionate , objective manner .
There , empty windows filled with sandbags continue to face each other defiantly , symbols of a past that has not passed for decades .
In 1991 , the fall of the Soviet Union presented for India a serious strategic test , which the country has passed with flying colors .
Responsibility for passivity as well as active crimes has been recognized .
First and foremost , the system is largely reactive . The department heads and oversight committees that meet to evaluate programming seldom dictate content , but merely pass their complaints and recommendations down to programming heads .
Now , with the Party 's ability to manage the economy seemingly at stake , its stimulus package implies a green light to bypass environmental regulations if jobs or growth targets are in jeopardy .
Responsibility for overseeing the global economy is passing rapidly from the G-7 \/ 8 to the G-20 , as it should .
For the moment , the temptation is for the European right to find its `` new look '' through a selective appeal to religion -- and wait and see whether it works as an electoral strategy . They should remember , though , that starting a Kulturkampf is to play with fire : it might be possible to instrumentalize religious passions for a time ; but such passions can not permanently be controlled from above .
Tests might also make the passage to citizenship meaningful , a ritual similar to the solemn swearing of an oath of allegiance , which can be integrated as a major event into the story of one 's life -LRB- to be sure , some will always dismiss such ceremonies as political kitsch -RRB- .
Germany 's behavior today is not driven by nationalism -LRB- not even economic nationalism -RRB- , but by German elites ' loss of a political compass , as well as the Berlin Republic 's new domestic and international circumstances .
This passage is a famous statement of the utility of self-interest .
Having just passed through the bloodiest century in human history , increasing the zone of indifference to the ultimate goals of others -- as long as they are not directed against us -- should be mankind 's top priority .
Being a member of a guild , for example , encompassed a complete set of social roles -- economic , legal , political , and even religious .
As a result , the modern individual can belong to a greater range of groups , but groups that are less all encompassing .
For one thing , Jews had more experience with commerce than most other groups , and the tacit knowledge of buying , selling , and calculating advantage that was passed on in families with ties to business helps explain why Jews tended to be better at it .
They are often passed down within families , so they elude social policies that are based on the notion that equality of opportunity can be created by government action .
The predominant image is of a passive , exotic , and veiled victim-woman who reacts to events instead of actively participating in them .
Confucianism 's tenets still provide an inner compass to most East Asians in a post-Confucian age , just as Biblical admonitions remain standards for the West in a post-religious age .
Parliament retains the right to interrogate cabinet members , including the Prime Minister , on financial and administrative questions and has frequently passed motions of no confidence in government .
Second , the length of time that has passed since the crimes -- longer than 30 years , in some cases -- far exceeds that for any comparable proceeding . Other war crimes courts have taken place in the immediate aftermath of conflict .
`` Frankly , '' he said , `` we need a lot less of the passive tolerance of recent years and a much more active , muscular liberalism . ''
Unlike in the past , when Chinese Internet users passively received information , years of exposure to concepts such as human rights and democracy have emboldened them to challenge entrenched yet dubious views , even if it means iconoclasm .
By splitting the `` reform '' vote , both parties failed to win any seats in the Duma because neither surpassed the 5 % electoral threshold .
The high point of disillusion with Russia 's top leaders passed in 1999 , when the level of trust in Yeltsin sunk to around 3 % .
The West ca n't change Russia 's behavior with persuasion , so it must try to use its leverage : make the Nabucco pipeline bypassing Russia a reality , build LNG terminals , include energy in Europe 's Common Foreign and Security Policy , diversify supply , and screen companies seeking capital in London 's stock exchange more carefully .
Albert Einstein once said , `` I have no special gift , but I am passionately curious . ''
Curiosity betrays emotional passion .
That is precisely what makes it a passion : it is amoral and follows its own laws , which is why society insists on taming it in various ways .
The dilemma -- and it is a decisive one -- is that today we cherish the passionate curiosity of an Albert Einstein .
More importantly , in driving the transition to low-carbon growth , these technologies could create the most dynamic and innovative period in economic history , surpassing that of the introduction of railways , electricity grids , or the internet .
Although eight countries have met or surpassed that target , the continent as a whole has not .
On the way to meet her , I passed women walking through mud to the market with large loads of fruit and vegetables stacked on their heads .
The unilateral moment has passed .
Afghanistan 's Feminist Revolution On April 16 , more than 300 Afghani women -- many of them students -- marched together in Kabul in protest of a new law passed by Parliament that would impose a series of Taliban-like restrictions on women .
Moreover , in her description of our evolution , Fisher notes that males who could tolerate long periods of silence -LRB- waiting for animals while in hunt mode -RRB- survived to pass on their genes , thus genetically selecting to prefer `` space . ''
She is passionate about the Palestinian cause , mixing her cutting-edge legal advocacy with a willingness to listen to decent people from all sides of the conflict , and a fierce attachment to peace in the region based on due process and justice .
But the passing of the old news model has also had a salutary effect .
Many White House speechwriters have used that rhetoric , but almost no First Ladies have walked the talk and passed the popcorn .
NGO 's played key roles in the disruption of the World Trade Organization summit in 1999 , the passage of the Landmines Treaty , and the ratification of the Framework Convention on Tobacco Control in May 2003 .
Only close civilian cooperation in intelligence sharing , police work across borders , tracing financial flows , and working to pre-clear cargo manifests and passenger lists can cope with such a threat .
On terrorism , they break the long UN impasse over finding a definition , condemning all attacks against civilians , and propose a number of measures that member states should take .
As Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said recently in Paris : `` I use the word ` power ' broadly , because even more important than military and indeed economic power is the power of ideas , the power of compassion , and the power of hope . ''
China is a long way from posing the kind of challenge to American preponderance that the Kaiser 's Germany posed when it surpassed Britain in the years leading up to World War I.
Al Qaeda 's network of tens of thousands of people in loosely affiliated cells in some sixty countries gives it a scale surpassing anything seen before .
Moreover , rising gasoline prices have called attention to the shortcomings of the Bush administration 's energy policy , which includes recently passed legislation that contains inadequate requirements for energy conservation . The press , meanwhile , has reported on speculation about the relationship between warmer ocean waters and the frequency of severe hurricanes , thus highlighting the low priority that the administration has given to environmental problems in general and global climate change in particular .
Nor is it likely that Saudi Arabia , Egypt , and others will sit passively while the Persian Shia gain the bomb .
Germany had surpassed Britain in industrial production by 1900 .
China is a long way from posing the kind of challenge to American preponderance that the Kaiser 's Germany posed when it surpassed Britain at the beginning of the twentieth century .
Fortunately , there are signs that both China and Japan are seeking to back away from the impasse of recent years .
In response , an advisor to the socialist candidate Ségolène Royal labeled Sarkozy `` an American neo-conservative with a French passport . ''
There is a new dimension to the alliance , however , and to the relationship with China . This year , China surpassed the US as the world 's largest emitter of greenhouse gases .
The nuclear cooperation agreement was criticized in the US Congress for not being strict enough on non-proliferation issues , but it looked likely to pass .
In 2007 , China surpassed the US as the world 's leading CO2 emitter . But China points out that on a per capita basis , US emissions are five times higher .
McCain is a man of strong traditional values who prides himself on his willingness to act quickly and decisively , which he sought to do during the negotiations on the bailout by suspending his campaign to return to Washington . That effort appears to have backfired , because the Republicans that he leads initially balked at passing the legislation .
A passive follower keeps his head down , shuns risk , and avoids criticism .
Equally important are American actions that show the high priority that the US gives to the alliance , and its guarantees not to engage in what Japan fears will be `` Japan-passing '' in its relations with Asia .
Chief among these challenges is the threat posed by global warming , with China having surpassed the US as the leading producer of carbon-dioxide emissions -LRB- though not in per capita terms -RRB- .
One senior Asian statesman , an acute long-time observer of both the US and China , concludes that China will not surpass the US as the leading power of the twenty-first century because of America 's ability to attract the best and brightest from the rest of the world and meld them into a diverse culture of creativity .
CAMBRIDGE -- In the 1950 's , many Americans feared that the Soviet Union would surpass the United States as the world 's leading power .
In the late 1970 's , a `` Committee on the Present Danger '' argued that Soviet power was surpassing that of the US , and the 1980 American election reflected such fears .
In 2010 , China 's economy surpassed Japan 's in total size , though it is only one-sixth the size in per capita terms .
Only two decades ago , many Americans feared being overtaken after Japanese per capita income surpassed that of the United States .
India 's population of 1.2 billion is four times that of the US , and likely to surpass China 's by 2025 .
In 2010 , China passed Japan to become the world 's second largest economy .
Indeed , the investment bank Goldman Sachs expects the Chinese economy 's total size to surpass that of the United States by 2027 .
This will certainly bring the Chinese closer to the US in terms of power resources , but China will not necessarily surpass the US as the most powerful country .
My own estimate is that among the range of possible futures , the more likely scenarios are those in which China gives the US a run for its money , but does not surpass it in overall power in the first half of this century .
Economic growth will bring China closer to the US in power resources , but that does n't necessarily mean that China will surpass the US as the most powerful country .
China 's GDP will almost certainly surpass that of the US within a decade , owing to the size of its population and its impressive economic-growth rate .
But nasty politics is nothing new to the US : its founding era was hardly an idyll of dispassionate deliberation .
Still , Lee Kuan Yew is probably right to say that China `` will give the US a run for its money , '' but not surpass it in overall power in the first half of this century .
In another landmark ruling in June 2009 , the Court made Germany 's ratification of the Lisbon Treaty conditional upon the passage of new legislation giving the Bundestag enhanced powers of scrutiny over European affairs .
The question today is whether , with the moment of crisis passing and countries ' circumstances and perspectives diverging , the G-20 can demonstrate the leadership the world needs in addressing its ongoing critical problems .
This new , decentralized free-market regime currently encompasses only a small part of China 's vast territory , and many Chinese officials still refuse to acknowledge its existence .
The United States , Israel , and Britain have also expressed willingness to provide Nigeria with counter-terrorism support , but this `` help , '' if accepted , would only inflame passions in the country 's Islamic belt .
So far , bleak predictions that the campaign would split Nigerians along Islamic\/Christian lines , triggering sectarian violence before the voting , have not come to pass .
But Obasanjo is a passionate advocate of unitary government and counts many influential northerners as personal friends .
This alludes to an ancient episode in which soldiers from the warring states of Wu and Yue found themselves on the same boat on a river in a storm and agreed to put down their arms to make a common passage .
But the recently House-passed Waxman-Markey bill proposes that the US only cut emissions by 3.6 % of 1990 baseline levels .
He says that two-thirds of China 's almost 3,000 counties have tried artificial methods to induce more rainfall , sometimes resulting in lawsuits over rights to mine passing clouds for water .
The recent resolution passed by the Foreign Relations Committee of the US Congress , which called upon President Obama to ensure that US foreign policy reflects an `` appropriate understanding and sensitivity '' concerning the Armenian Genocide , should serve as a wake-up call to both Turkish and Armenian governments that Armenians are not about to question the historical veracity of the genocide .
The two sides must step back , look at the situation dispassionately , acknowledge the deficiencies in the protocols , address the other side 's minimum requirements , and bear in mind that a single document will not heal all wounds or wipe out all fears .
Israel must learn to speak in fewer political tongues . It 's the only way out of a dangerous impasse at a dangerous historical moment .
The trespassers on the scene , the true-blue pirates , were unfortunately the uniformed Israeli commandos acting in my name .
This put human rights funding into the National Indicative Program -LRB- NIP -RRB- , which encompasses 17 countries : ten in the south and seven in Eastern Europe .
It will pay still more if policymakers remain passive about China 's destructive currency policy .
However , Turks are all too aware of the passions that their country 's EU candidacy stokes in Europe .
An impasse is inevitable , so playing for time is not a solution .
But they are really illegal occupiers , as Russia 's decision to give Russian passports to these regions ' residents attests .
With a dispassionate eye on the long game , what will the president himself be thinking ?
As the months pass , both parties will probably find that they face their greatest political difficulty in managing the fringes of their own camps -- rightists in the Conservative Party , who do n't like the centrist moderation of the coalition 's policies , and leftists in the Liberal Democratic Party who do n't want to support a largely Conservative government .
But we should n't allow American politicians who do not even possess passports to write us off with the same patronizing sneer that some Europeans used to reserve for President George W. Bush 's administration and policies .
This is much of what passes for industry in Gaza .
All is not sweetness and light , though ; morality is more than compassion and charity .
Within the OECD , the main financial center for smaller resource-extraction companies is Toronto , yet the Canadian parliament recently failed narrowly to pass an equivalent requirement for these companies .
Such reforms can work only if the big member states do not succumb to the temptation to use these mechanisms to bypass or ride roughshod over the interests of the small countries .
Ruling coalitions were at the same time in disadvantageous positions vis-à-vis opposition parties , which attacked the incumbents for failing to negotiate good membership terms , without themselves having to pass the test of negotiating better conditions .
Such passivity is not in Iran 's interest . As the Middle East 's essential regional player , Iran can trigger and heat up conflicts as well as contribute to their solution .
The Dee Bridge , whose cast - and wrought-iron design followed common practice for the period , collapsed under a passing train , killing everyone aboard .
This revolution will be tremendously generous to those countries that embrace it -- and utterly indifferent , even cruel , to those that ignore it or let it pass by .
This will be a major test of resilience for an institution that demonstrated effectiveness in the crisis but still has to pass the test posed by this new phase in the global economy .
History can be an essential compass when past experience provides unambiguous headings .
BRUSSELS -- Two years have passed since the financial crises erupted , and we have only started to realize how costly it is likely to be .
The Commission showed sympathy and understanding , but in the end it passed the problem on to national governments .
In these fields , dispassion requires that the medical scientist ignore his or her own vulnerability of mind and body .
The electorate is no longer passive in the face of rampant corruption and vote-buying .
Such thinking is passé . China already is East Asia 's great power .
Last year , Japan 's imports from China surpassed those from the US for the first time , while annual exports to China soared by 39.3 % .
He had served only seven years when Kenny MacAskill , the Scottish Justice Minister , released him on compassionate grounds , based on a medical report that Megrahi has terminal cancer , and only three months to live .
Assuming that Megrahi was guilty , and that he was released because he has only a short time to live , does a prisoner 's terminal illness justify compassionate release ?
As the victims ' relatives point out , in planning his crime , Megrahi showed no compassion .
Why , they ask , should we show compassion to him ?
MacAskill acknowledged that Megrahi himself showed no compassion , but rightly points out that this alone is not a reason to deny him compassion in his final days .
He then appeals to the values of humanity , compassion , and mercy as `` the beliefs we seek to live by '' and frames his decision as being true to Scottish values .
Development costs have to be passed on in drug prices , which may be exceptionally high when a drug benefits only a relatively small number of patients .
In the short run , though , the world is engaged in a gigantic game of passing the parcel , with no country wanting to take the habitual exporters ' goods and their capital surpluses .
President Barack Obama 's administration seems to think that the problem is one of demand , and has passed stimulus measure after stimulus measure , reducing taxes and increasing transfers and government spending in order to boost consumption and investment .
There was a deeper concern behind this newly discovered passion for housing for the poor : growing income inequality .
Likewise , passenger air transport is dominated by business travel .
At the height of the Soviet-Afghanistan war in the 1980 's , Pakistan was the covert conduit for Filipino Muslim militants passing to and from Afghanistan and back to the island of Mindanao , which has long been a stronghold of Muslim rebels .
Indeed , his experience with the `` Hegelian bacillus '' made Kolakowski forever sensitive to all enthusiasms and all-encompassing creeds .
The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act -LRB- ARRA -RRB- that Obama passed barely three weeks after his inauguration was disappointing .
Despite policy differences , Sarkozy would be for France what Margaret Thatcher was for Britain : someone who would lead the country out of its impasse , conserving the best aspects of dirigisme but finally giving entrepreneurs room to grow , cracking down on crime , and reforming education .
He has even appeared at crime scenes -- not urban riots , but private crimes of passion , where no reason of state could possibly warrant the presence of the President of the Republic .
Compassion is part of the moral fabric of any society .
As a result , China surpassed Japan in late 2008 as the largest foreign holder of US financial assets .
Enhancing NATO 's capabilities will thus prove to be the litmus test for the future of the Alliance . NATO will pass this test .
For more than two decades , shareholders in all the developed countries , unorganized and passive from 1945 until 1975-1980 , have recast themselves in the form of pension funds , investment funds , and hedge funds .
Dire pessimism has become permanent , making consensus nearly impossible to reach -- an impasse made worse by the under-development of civil society in France .
On closer scrutiny , what passed as state-of-the-art thinking on economic policy turns out to have been based on some crude rules of thumb .
So , you finally passed that crucial piece of legislation ?
But Hirschman also would no doubt chide developing country governments for not living up to their responsibilities and for passing on the buck so freely to these external agencies .
Indeed , the foreign presence in soccer surpasses anything that we see in other areas of international commerce .
The Spence report reflects a broader intellectual shift within the development profession , a shift that encompasses not just growth strategies but also health , education , and other social policies . The traditional policy framework , which the new thinking is gradually replacing , is presumptive rather than diagnostic .
The reality is that the international trade regime has passed its greatest test since the Great Depression with flying colors .
During his first term in office , Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan relaxed some restrictions on Kurdish minorities and passed reforms that aligned the country 's legal regime with European norms .
Do n't be surprised if Brazil leaves Turkey in the dust , South Africa eventually surpasses Russia , and India outdoes China .
Erdo?an is right , but it is he who must pass the test .
You may choose the moral high ground and say , `` I will never deal with a terrorist . '' But you will have passed up an opportunity to assist the hostages .
Their strategies bear only passing similarity to today 's consensus .
Hence the impasse , with the eurozone becoming mired in a vicious circle of high debt and economic austerity .
Fortunately , fascism , communism , and other forms of dictatorships are passé today .
For Fukushima-type risks , analysts are already discussing how nuclear plants can be designed and built to contain earthquake and tsunami risks via passive cooling .
These superfunds , whose managers do not necessarily share the same passion for profit as private investors , are said to be squeezing the life out of interest rates and exchange rates .
But the really big bucks come from the fact that places like the People 's Bank of China and the Bank of Japan passively hold enormous volumes of low-interest US debt , while Americans romp around the world with venture capital , private equity , and investment banks , reaping huge gains .
I am puzzled that so many economic pundits seem to think that the solution is for all governments , rich and poor , to pass out even more checks and subsidies so as to keep the boom going .
But for the financial community , pioneering formulas that paved the way for modern hedging strategies should get just as much credit for the passing period of rapid global growth as cell phones , computers , and the Internet .
Indeed , it is virtually impossible to resolve the current mess without some kind of compass pointing to where the future system lies .
For some Europeans , still nervous that their economies and banking systems might collapse , this is a little like asking a passenger on the Titanic what they plan to do when they arrive in New York .
And here is another painful thought that Harvard historian Niall Ferguson often emphasizes : many of the leaders and legislators who are passing judgment on new rules for banks are the same leaders and legislators who oversaw the regulation in the run-up to the financial crisis .
Indeed , chess programs now come very close to passing the late British mathematician Alan Turing 's ultimate test of artificial intelligence : can a human conversing with the machine tell it is not human ?
Since that risk is then passed on to taxpayers , imposing taxes on financial firms in proportion to their borrowing is a simple way to ensure fairness .
The IMF proposal seems to pass these tests .
Some argue passionately that now is no time to worry about future debt problems , but , in my view , any realistic assessment of the medium-term risks does not permit us simply to dismiss such concerns .
In a new paper , `` A Decade of Debt , '' Carmen M. Reinhart and I show that general government debt in the United States , including federal , state , and local debt , has now surpassed the record 120 % of GDP reached at the end of World War II .
As a general rule , though , Filipino ferry and ship passengers are poor and can not afford the services of lawyers or the high filing fees demanded by the courts .
The hardest challenge is redefining the fiscal criterion , but one thing is clear : it would be absurd if candidates had to pass a test that was never applied after entry .
Indeed , since then , the write-downs by US banks have already passed the $ 1 trillion mark -LRB- my floor estimate of losses -RRB- , and institutions such as the IMF and Goldman Sachs now predict losses of more than $ 2 trillion .
According to the International Monetary Fund and others , these economies ' ratio of public debt to GDP will surpass 110 % by 2015 , compared to 70 % before the crisis .
It means not allowing newspapers and TV to be hijacked by spurious passions and staged theatrics designed to divert attention from everything else .
But not giving up on accountability , despite the passage of time , sends an important message about human rights , and the distinctive nature of these offenses as `` crimes against humanity . ''
The passionate debate stirred up by Sharon 's plan shows how truly revolutionary his proposal is .
Thus , while the Likud referendum seems to have left the Israeli-Palestinian dispute at yet another impasse , both sides are on the verge of enormous changes .
First , Hezbollah has the support of most Lebanese Shia , who make up roughly 40 % of the population . The Shiites back Hezbollah because it appeals to their communal pride , represents their interests domestically , and stirs their religious passions .
Alternatively , another international force may be able to accomplish more than its predecessors , which mostly waved at the terrorists as they passed .
Only two other parties -- the Republican People 's Party -LRB- CHP -RRB- with 21 % and the National Movement Party -LRB- MHP -RRB- with 14 % -- surpassed the 10 % threshold for representation in parliament .
The problem for Palestinian moderates is clear : any leader willing to agree a peace treaty with Israel would be opposed - passionately and even violently - by roughly 80 % of the movement .
Ironically , Susan Mubarak , says the report , urged the passage of a 1992 law that permitted Egyptian non-governmental organizations to receive foreign funds -- a provision used by some opposition groups -- in order to provide channels for the NGO 's she runs .
This is why Obama must adopt a bold diplomatic initiative that encompasses the entire region and help resolve longstanding disputes between Afghanistan 's neighbors . Such an initiative must include a comprehensive regional aid and development package .
Across the country , voters arrived on crutches and in donkey carts , passing by posters that threatened : `` You vote , you die . ''
Globalization as a world-encompassing process is largely beyond the determination of national politics , and societies and nations must adapt .
On a crowded planet with threats to our climate , oceans , forests , food production , and water supply , and with global travel and high population densities increasing the risk of worldwide disease epidemics , we must turn to the best of our scientific and engineering knowledge to find a safe passage .
Months pass .
Two or three years pass .
The problem is that these improved inputs have bypassed the poorest farmers and the poorest countries .
The world is passing through the greatest economic crisis in decades .
Assuming that a plan passes muster , the money to support it would quickly be disbursed .
A year after the 1992 treaty , President Bill Clinton tried to pass an energy tax that would have helped the US to begin reducing its dependence on fossil fuels .
Second , he can command the Environmental Protection Agency to impose administrative controls on coal plants and automobile producers even if the Congress does not pass new legislation .
The difficulties that President Barack Obama is having in passing his basic program , whether in health care , climate change , or financial reform , are hard to understand at first glance .
It is not just in New York , Shanghai , or Paris that one finds a mobile telephone in the hands of each passerby .
Making Sense of the Climate Impasse
Bhutan 's Buddhist tradition understands happiness not as attachment to goods and services , but as the result of the serious work of inner reflection and compassion toward others .
President Barack Obama will lose any hope for passing progressive legislation aimed at helping the poor or the environment .
Much of America is in a nasty mood , and the language of compassion has more or less been abandoned .
Most of all , the Republican platform is devoid of compassion .
What passes for American political debate is a contest between the parties to give bigger promises to the middle class , mainly in the form of budget-busting tax cuts at a time when the fiscal deficit is already more than 10 % of GDP .
For 40 years , compassion in politics receded .
In their private lives , Americans have become addicted to consumerism , which drains their time , savings , attention , and inclination to engage in acts of collective compassion .
Since then , the country has been experimenting with an alternative , holistic approach to development that emphasizes not only economic growth , but also culture , mental health , compassion , and community .
As individuals , we are unhappy if we are denied our basic material needs , but we are also unhappy if the pursuit of higher incomes replaces our focus on family , friends , community , compassion , and maintaining internal balance .
To be sure , we should support economic growth and development , but only in a broader context : one that promotes environmental sustainability and the values of compassion and honesty that are required for social trust .
The Iraq war was ostensibly launched because of Saddam 's weapons of mass destruction , yet each passing day suggests that the threat was exaggerated .
A longstanding sidekick of Cheney , Rumsfeld traveled to Baghdad in 1983 and 1984 at the behest of former Bechtel Corporation President George Shultz , then passing a bit of non-corporate time as US Secretary of State .
This August , they passed up the opportunity to mark the 90th anniversary of the start of World War I , which led to calamities that echoed until the twentieth century 's end .
Similar to reformists , who encompass a broad range of political ideals , Iranian conservatives are a mixed bag .
`` It 's better for all of us that mainstream conservatives go to parliament , people who are not extremist but pragmatic and moderate , '' according to the influential newspaper editor Amir Mohebian , who is emerging as the face of Iranian `` compassionate conservatism . ''
Some of these now call for passive resistance and civil disobedience .
The Americans ' supply train would regularly pass through my father 's ancestral village , Arak , then a scenic oasis of green gardens and fruit orchards .
`` Whenever we heard the train coming , '' my father once told me , `` all the young boys in the village would run as fast as we could through the apple orchard to greet the passing Americans .
This wrangling is likely to take weeks , but is unlikely to come to blows or to reach a complete impasse . Neither side is interested in escalation or a breakdown .
Even if we wanted to reject what was force-fed in chants or poems like `` Che Comandante , '' it was hard to resist the charm and passion that came from his letters and diaries .
After all , the UN forecasts that world population will rise to 9.3 billion in 2050 and surpass 10 billion by the end of this century .
That means building new gas pipelines -- such as the Nabucco , Trans-Saharan and White Stream projects -- that bypass Russia , and perhaps making their completion a condition for any new Russian pipelines , particularly the controversial trans-Baltic Nordstream pipeline and the South Stream pipeline to the Balkans and Italy .
On December 11 , another rally was held at site of the murder , and moved into the very center of Moscow , Manezhnaya Square , just outside the Kremlin 's walls . The crowd began to chant nationalist slogans , and then proceeded to beat up passersby who did not look Slavic .
Officials evidently decided that it is better to flirt with and control public passion than allow it to erupt on its own .
Burden-sharing is a sensitive issue , for both NATO and the international community , and passions sometimes run high .
Family and friends assumed that Public Security Bureau police detained them and that the couple would be released after the June 4 anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre of fifteen years ago passed .
The solution to the impasse over Europe 's Constitutional Treaty certainly does not lie in the direction of diminishing its scope , and thus perhaps making it just an `` ordinary '' treaty .
My friend managed to talk insistently to the three until eventually they left her and her son alone , only to pounce on a married couple that happened to be passing by .
In her devastating new book Mao : The Unknown Story , Jung Chang -LRB- author of the international bestseller Wild Swans -RRB- exposes startling new details that prove beyond doubt that Mao was a tyrannical , cruel hypocrite whose disregard for human lives and suffering surpassed that of even Stalin and Hitler .
As a result , big international corporations and Wall Street banks now flock to China , bypassing Taiwan .
We at the UN are duty-bound to do what compassion and human decency demand of us .
The first nationwide poll in nearly a decade passed off relatively well and was endorsed by Nepali officials as well as the hundreds of international election observers .
Holders of long-term bonds , for example , must have thought that inflation would come roaring back after the effects of the 1981-2 global recession had passed .
As they pass by , all spread out , one sees that some runners seem to be gaining rapidly .
They may get lost for a while , and initially they may sound strange when they are rediscovered , but people like Yunus and Tufano show that they can be updated and implemented with the help of disinterested but passionate advocacy .
In both booms , roughly 90 % of respondents in the US expected an increase in home prices over the next several years , with large expected increases over the next 12 months , surpassing 15 % in San Francisco in 2003 .
The newly passed US financial-reform legislation entrusts macro-prudential policy to a new Financial Stability Oversight Council .
The US House of Representatives has passed a reform bill that would prevent mutual-fund market-timing abuses .
The era when China made all the compromises in the relationship has passed .
Tereshkova 's generation , though it encompassed almost the entire era of Soviet rule , had been raised in the tradition of Russian womanhood .
Such pursuits have simply become passé -- something that has never happened in modern Russian history , not even in the darkest days of Stalin 's purges .
In Heiligendamm , the G-8 leaders , together with representatives of major emerging economies -LRB- Brazil , Mexico , China , India , and South Africa , who have a critical stake in energy consumption to continue to generate economic growth -RRB- , will discuss a comprehensive approach encompassing a set of energy options , from energy efficiency and renewable energy , to clean coal , carbon capture and storage , and carbon sequestration .
Most of Al Qaeda 's leaders are dead , but our democracies rightly experience impassioned debates about means and ends , and about the balance between individual freedom and state authority .
All of these changes reflect the fact that the Horn of Africa 's peoples are no longer willing to be passive victims of fate and their harsh physical environment . On the contrary , they are determined to shape their destinies through modernization , investment , and improved governance .
For several years , some couples at risk of passing a genetic disease on to their children have used in vitro fertilization , producing several embryos that can be tested for the faulty gene and implanting in the woman 's uterus only those without it .
Now couples are using this technique to avoid passing on genes that imply a significantly elevated risk of developing certain forms of cancer .
It is projected to surpass 19 million by 2025 .
No Smile Limit If you were to walk along the streets of your neighborhood with your face up and an open expression , how many of those who passed you would smile , or greet you in some way ?
In Australia , where being open and friendly to strangers is not unusual , the city of Port Phillip , an area covering some of the bayside suburbs of Melbourne , has been using volunteers to find out how often people smile at those who pass them in the street .
The legislation , which still has to pass through the House of Representatives , would require health insurance plans provided by employers to cover treatment for mental illness at a level similar to coverage for general health care . -LRB- Unfortunately , the legislation will do nothing for the 47 million Americans who have no health insurance at all . -RRB-
If we regard human rights as something possessed by all human beings , no matter how limited their intellectual or emotional capacities may be , how can we deny similar rights to great apes , who clearly surpass some human beings in their rationality , self-awareness , and emotional bonds with others ?
Yet Obama 's campaigning has focused on `` Main Street '' and tax cuts for the middle class , bypassing the issue of what to do about poverty .
In fact , it was cheaper only because it passed some of its costs on to others -- for example , to people who lived downstream or downwind from the factory farms , and could no longer enjoy clean water and air .
Factory farming is passing far bigger costs -- and risks -- on to all of us .
On current indications , the amount Americans will give to relief efforts in Haiti could surpass the $ 1.9 billion they gave to assist victims of the 2004 Asian tsunami , which until now has stood as a record for donations to a disaster outside the United States .
Air safety is slightly different , because a crashing plane can kill people on the ground , but the greatest risks by far are borne by the passengers and crew .
In the end , after test flights with no passengers aboard had shown no engine damage , and aircraft engine manufacturers told aviation authorities that their engines could operate safely with a low level of ash in the atmosphere , Europe 's skies were reopened .
For example , international climate-change negotiations appear to have reached an impasse , and public skepticism about global warming is rising , even as the scientific evidence continues to show that it is real and will endanger the lives of billions of people .
The French striker Thierry Henry used his hand to control the ball and pass to a teammate , who scored the decisive goal .
The financial-reform law passed by the United States Congress last month requires improved transparency from banks and other financial-services firms .
We would pass people fishing , perhaps reeling in their lines with struggling fish hooked at the end of them .
One problem in assessing the tiger-mothering approach is that we ca n't separate its impact from that of the genes that the parents pass on to their children .
First , the British House of Commons passed a motion directing the government to impose a ban on the use of wild animals in circuses .
In a triumph for parliamentary democracy , the motion passed without dissent .
More controversially , the lower house of the Dutch parliament passed a law giving the Jewish and Islamic communities a year to provide evidence that animals slaughtered by traditional methods do not experience greater pain than those that are stunned before they are killed .
Last July , the UN General Assembly passed , without dissent , a Bhutanese-initiated resolution recognizing the pursuit of happiness as a fundamental human goal and noting that this goal is not reflected in GDP .
Given this potent list of challenges , what are the prospects for Obama 's passage to India ?
The US must accept and candidly discuss the damaging consequences of its military , diplomatic , and political overreach -- of a `` war too far '' that has brought the region to its current ugly impasse .
It has a vital role in Afghanistan ; indeed , it was passively supportive of the removal of the Taliban from power in 2001 .
The bad news is that this is unlikely to happen in the foreseeable future , and that the owners of natural resources will therefore make every attempt to extract their resources and thus pump the fossil carbon into the atmosphere before the UN finds a way out of this impasse .
The strike has been temporarily stopped by a court order , leaving time for negotiations , but the danger remains great because talks have reached an impasse .
The manufacture of electrical products , such as chips and passive devices , has quite often been shifted completely to Asia , while even automobiles that are still assembled in Germany rely heavily on components produced in Eastern Europe .
H.G. Wells was only partly right : the race between morality and destruction encompasses not just war , but economic life as well .
Obama has waited over a year to suggest his bank reform , and it is unlikely to pass .
As another of his e-mails put it : `` The entire system is about to crumble any moment ... the only potential survivor the fabulous Fab ... standing in the middle of all these complex , highly levered , exotic trades he created . '' To be cleverer than the pack -LRB- and of course making money by his cleverness -RRB- seems to have been Tourre 's driving passion .
So let us translate that IMF passage into transparent English :
In a well-known passage , he wrote : `` An act of saving means ... a decision not to have dinner today .
One of them argued that , in Russia , autocracy rises constantly from the ashes , like a Phoenix , sustained by Russians ' passivity and endurance .
The Bolsheviks inherited the autocracy of the Czars ; Putin rediscovered the old monarchical principle of anointing his successor , bypassing democratic competition for the presidency .
The US House of Representatives has passed a bill that would allow duties to be imposed on imports from countries , like China , that manipulate their currencies for trade advantage .
But human nature is a bundle of conflicting passions and possibilities .
It is possible , for example , to imagine a `` Western world '' -LRB- one that applies Ferguson 's `` killer apps '' -RRB- in which the actual West is no longer the dominant factor : America will simply passes the torch to China , as Britain once did to America .
In their classical religious form , such beliefs rely on signs and omens , like earthquakes and sunspots , which can be interpreted , by reference to biblical passages , as portending a great cataclysm and cleansing .
By implicitly bypassing the UN , and dividing the world into two armed camps , the League of Democracies would increase the danger of war .
If we can not do what it takes to make them more effective , we will increasingly find that nations will bypass them altogether .
In the heat of an international crisis , the Security Council passes resolutions to great public fanfare , establishing an official UN `` mandate . ''
All legislation is passed by a simple majority .
Since January 2006 , Moscow has negotiated separate deals with energy companies from Germany , France , Italy , Hungary , Serbia , Slovakia , and Denmark that could undercut Europe 's efforts to build additional pipelines aimed at bypassing Russia 's near monopoly of supplies from Central Asia .
However , Merkel approved the expensive Northern Europe Gas Pipeline -LRB- NEGP -RRB- beneath the Baltic Sea , negotiated between her predecessor Gerhard Schroeder and President Vladimir Putin , and strongly opposed by fellow EU member Poland , which the pipeline will bypass .
In this context , the next meeting of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change -LRB- UNFCCC -RRB- , set for the end of November in Durban , South Africa , is passing totally unnoticed .
For the US , sympathy for Arab publics yearning for freedom can not exclude compassion for Palestinians dreaming of lives of dignity , which for them includes ending the occupation .
The container flow between the Far East and Europe uses the Mediterranean route via the Suez Canal -- far faster than passing through the Panama Canal , circumnavigating Africa , or even taking the hypothetical -LRB- for now -RRB- ice-free Arctic route .
After all , the current imbalance in container traffic reflects northern Europe 's economic dynamism , the efficiency of its ports , excellent road and rail infrastructure to connect those ports to virtually all of Europe , and the economies of scale generated by the volume of goods that passes through them .
· A study prepared for the German Ministry of Environment estimates that employment in the German environmental technology industries will surpass employment in the automobile industry by 2020 .
Such an ambiguous declaration can be interpreted either as active support for the Russian police or as passive collaboration .
In a boom-bust process , passing an early test tends to reinforce the misconception which gave rise to it .
Many of these Pioneers and Rangers are corporate officials who are well situated to raise funds from their business associates , bundle them together and pass them along with tracking numbers to ensure proper `` credit '' to each individual donor of $ 2,000 .
The `` accountability moment '' has passed , he claims , and he is ready to confront tyranny throughout the world according to his own lights .
The most effective techniques operate at the subconscious level . When emotions can be aroused by methods that bypass consciousness , the public is left largely defenseless .
We have just passed through the worst financial crisis since World War II .
Meanwhile , conditions changed with the passage of time : China , following decades of booming growth , replaced the United States as the largest emitter .
The United States has already passed legislation requiring public disclosure of payments to governments , through the 2010 Dodd-Frank law .
Let me stake out more precisely the narrow path that would allow Europe to pass through this minefield .
Specifically , not much more than a decade is needed for the share of global GDP generated by developing economies to pass the 50 % mark when measured in market prices .
The Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan oil pipeline -- which will bypass Russia when it is completed -- can not re-define the country 's economic strategy to the extent that Shevardnadze had sought .
First , they were competitive . The official registration of ten parties , including opposition groups , surpassed any previous election , and the OSCE admitted that voters had `` a real choice . ''
The outside world , which relies on the dollar as its primary trade vehicle and therefore reserve asset , can not be expected to watch passively as dollars continue to pour into their currency , commodity , and asset markets , with no clear end in sight .
I came to realize that the political answer to this crisis must encompass more than improved regulatory regimes , risk-management strategies , and capital requirements .
In the first six months of 2007 alone , the value of German exports nearly passed ¤ 500 billion .
It is also possible that a new president turns out to be incompetent , or is in a permanent minority position and unable to pass legislation .
Enlightened self-interest can be state-based , but interests would be re-defined to encompass universal principles such as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
At the time , many thought that such lofty appeals were a deliberate attempt to forestall real reform : those who had done well under the old system knew that the crisis would pass , and with it , so too would the demand for reform .
As if all this were not enough , as the Davos meeting opened , America 's House of Representatives passed a bill requiring American steel to be used in stimulus spending , despite the G-20 's call to avoid protectionism in response to the crisis .
Because it has not , even after the passage of a huge stimulus bill , the presentation of a new program to deal with the underlying housing problem , and several plans to stabilize the financial system , some are even beginning to blame Obama and his team .
An impasse is looming .
He did it not for some huge financial compensation , but out of conviction and a passion for his work .
Without any other compass , the incentive structures they adopted did motivate them -- not to introduce new products to improve ordinary people ' lives or to help them manage the risks they faced , but to put the global economy at risk by engaging in short-sighted and greedy behavior .
Nobody wants them , so they get passed around .
But despite protests by the yesterday 's proponents of deregulation , who would like the government to remain passive , most economists believe that government spending has made a difference , helping to avert another Great Depression .
When this new bankruptcy law was passed , no one complained that it interfered with the sanctity of contracts : at the time borrowers incurred their debt , a more humane -- and economically rational -- bankruptcy law gave them a chance for a fresh start if the burden of debt repayment became too onerous .
When the 2005 bankruptcy law was passed , lenders were the beneficiaries ; they did n't worry about how the law affected the rights of debtors .
There remains a considerable capacity overhang -- such as fiber optic lines that remain dark , having yet to see any light pass through them .
The US Treasury and the IMF knew , or at least hoped , that with the passing of the crisis , global attention would turn elsewhere .
So it is no surprise that another annual meeting of the IMF passed without any major steps forward in `` reforming the global financial architecture . ''
How many more meetings of the IMF will pass , how many more crises will occur , before this harsh truth sinks in ?
Although that opportunity has passed , I still think that it will be far easier to address this problem now than , say , in another decade .
This has , indeed , already happened in some developed countries : in the ten years that have passed since the signing of the North American Free Trade Agreement , average real wages in the US have actually declined .
Higher aluminum prices were passed on in the price of every coke and beer can and every new airplane .
Nowadays , what typically tries to pass as a `` free market economy '' is a corporatist economy in which government uses its powers to advance the interests of business , often at the expense of consumers .
More debt relief -- encompassing more countries and more debt -LRB- including bilateral debt -RRB- -- is needed .
Too often , UN peacekeeping missions require passing the hat among the advanced industrial countries , giving them virtual veto power over when , where , and how the UN acts .
So , as his term draws to a close and his mantle of infallibility is passed on to his successor , it is worth examining whether his legacy will measure up and what we can expect from the new Fed chief , Ben Bernanke .
Greenspan 's irresponsible support of that tax cut was critical to its passage .
Deficits are like hot potatoes , passed from one country to another .
The dramatic decline in India 's share of global GDP under Britain 's rule , as Britain passed trade laws designed to benefit its textile producers at the expense of those in its colony , is the most visible example .
America managed to pass off bad mortgages worth hundreds of billions of dollars to investors -LRB- including banks -RRB- around the world .
Moreover , securitization contributed to bad lending : in the old days , banks that originated bad loans bore the consequences ; in the new world of securitization , the originators could pass the loans onto others . -LRB- As economists would say , problems of asymmetric information have increased . -RRB-
The Bush administration is hoping , somehow , to forestall a wave of foreclosures -- thereby passing the economy 's problems on to the next president , just as it is doing with the Iraq quagmire .
This is the first war in American history that has not demanded some sacrifice from citizens through higher taxes ; instead , the entire cost is being passed onto future generations .
There is a discussion of how much of the burden to pass on to future generations . In this war , there was no such discussion .
The big French retailer Carrefour has seen protests at its stores all over China by nationalist activists incensed by the protests that took place in Paris when the Olympic torch passed through the city .
When the storm has passed , low levels of public debt and sustainable public finances will be crucial to preserving spending that helps the poor and to bringing back the international investors who are indispensable for Africa 's future growth ;
But pro-European euphoria proved short-lived : for all practical purposes , the accession negotiations are now at an impasse .
Pursued and harried by their enemies , they crossed high mountains , turbulent rivers , and impassable grassland , with Mao steering the course from victory to victory .
The local warlord , who hated Chiang Kaishek , let Mao pass .
They rose to their ordeal with a bravery and self-sacrifice unsurpassed in China 's or anyone 's history .
If we do not seize this moment for action , history could well pass us by .
Indeed , some economists fear that a fiscal crisis could erupt even after a tax hike is passed .
Even before Vladimir Putin became Russia 's president , the Kremlin was making mischief in Georgia , issuing Russian passports to citizens of Abkhazia -LRB- the largest breakaway region -RRB- and pouring money into its economy .
Saudi pressure on Somaliland has ranged from banning livestock imports between 1996-2006 , to threatening to reject the Somaliland passports of Hajj pilgrims .
Initially , the government accepted the ruling , but it was overturned by an Order-in-Council -LRB- an executive order from the Queen and not a law passed by Parliament -RRB- in 2004 .
Italy 's Parliament , where Berlusconi 's ruling coalition holds an overwhelming majority , has passed four laws designed to safeguard the Prime Minister against prosecution and conviction .
What the EU achieves through integrating markets -- or even eliminating passport controls -- underscores the benefits of its `` delegated democracy . ''
Indeed , while Latin America 's GDP per capita is lower than the world average , it surpasses all other developing regions , as well as the world average , in the main social indicators .
If Obama can weather domestic resistance to new international trade negotiations and modify America 's current position on sectoral tariff reduction by developing countries , the US and India will have an opportunity to break the impasse that has stymied the Doha Round 's successful conclusion .
Internationally , colonialism is even more passé .
But its passage confirms that the US relationship with India promises to be one of America 's closest and strategically most important in the twenty-first century .
Exuberant , exciting , gaudy , and gritty in a way that can only be called Dickensian , Slumdog Millionaire brings contemporary Mumbai to life from the seamy side up , and it does so with brio , compassion , and all-round cinematic excellence .
Others have protested that the film shows Indians as conniving , unprincipled , and ruthless , and that the only compassionate people in the film are a pair of white tourists who give the protagonist some money .
The performances of our heroes are analyzed with far more passion than any political crisis .
Whether we identify with the heroes or the victims , with the pilots of the plane that put an end to WWII or with the passive population subjected to the hell of atomic annihilation , we are always rooting with the `` innocents '' and the `` good guys . ''
We know , of course , the broad outline of their all-encompassing fundamentalism , and we have some vague ideas about Al Qaeda as a decentralized network of cells in many countries that seeks to acquire chemical , biological , and perhaps even nuclear weapons .
There are alternative drugs , such as prasugrel or ticagrelor , which can be used instead of Plavix to bypass the problem .
Kenyans are so passionate about the Premier League that last year an Arsenal fan , Suleiman Omondi , hanged himself after his team lost to Manchester United .
Although we do n't exchange blows like men , we are just as passionate , especially since the world 's most famous tournament is being played on our continent .
As difficult as the journey to pass the new constitution has been , the ratification process was child 's play when compared to the fight that lies ahead .
Consider the African Union 's current efforts to find a solution to the post-election political impasse in Côte d'Ivoire .
What is even more insulting to African women is that the AU bypassed them to pick men whose commitment to democracy and human rights may be worse than that of Laurent Gbagbo , the man clinging to the Ivorian presidency despite losing the election .
No longer would our ancestors have to content themselves with the food that nature offered - they could start to grow their own , far surpassing nature 's meager supply .
The 75 % of Russians who make up the Putin majority are essentially passive , and seek only the preservation of a paternalistic state .
His Internet-surfing , compassionate , and generally liberal image helps recruit a key constituency -- those beyond the reach of Putin himself -- to the Putin plan .
This is an all-encompassing brief , covering everything we do as a community and an economy in areas ranging from international trade to art , culture , and tourism .
In doing so , they are passing up an historic opportunity to take the lead on nuclear disarmament .
The proposed Baltic Sea pipeline , which would bring gas to Germany directly from Russia , bypassing Poland , Ukraine , the Baltic states , and the rest of Central Europe , is dangerous in this regard , because it may allow Gazprom the freedom to cut gas supplies to customers without endangering supplies to its favored western markets .
Government indifference is a strange and unnatural state of mind , in which the lines between crime and punishment , cruelty and compassion , and good and evil blur .
WEST LAFAYETTE , INDIANA -- Food prices have in many cases surpassed the peak levels reached in July 2008 .
A female bus passenger kept the explosives covered with an acid-dipped cloth to prevent inspection sniffing dogs from sensing it .
The conductor stopped her , saying that ticketed passengers were not allowed on the train !
All the above categories encompass some genuine disorders .
Such abuses have emerged when preventive institutionalization has passed constitutional muster , as in the laws some US states have enacted in order to incarcerate `` sexually violent predators . ''
One day last week saw the son of its `` Dear Leader '' Kim Jong Il arrested while entering Japan on a false passport -LRB- supposedly to take his son to Tokyo 's Disneyland -RRB- , the next day brought a promise to maintain its moratorium on missile testing until 2003 as well as continue sales of missile technologies to countries like Iran .
It is irrelevant whether Internet regulations that fail to promote competition and protect consumers are passed by governments afraid of freely flowing information or , as in the case of the jailed entrepreneur , in order to protect established companies .
And yet , when news broke last month that China had officially replaced Japan as the world 's second-largest economy , instead of crowing about surpassing a longtime rival and having the top spot , held by the US , in its sights , the government issued statements emphasizing that theirs remains a `` poor , developing '' country .
Germany illustrates the problems that are created when a country 's banking sector is largely bypassed by the global trend toward consolidation .
The challenge today is to channel such passions into results .
Indeed , Chinese President Hu Jintao 's recent trip to Washington was seen by many -- particularly many Chinese -- as the passing of the torch .
Now that the US has at last begun to move , gradually and thoughtfully , away from the passions that characterized the country 's response to the 2001 terrorist attacks , it is worth asking if Bill Clinton was right to say that America 's virtues and assets always prevail against its vices and defects .
Those who understand Americans ' deep-rooted passion for `` making it '' know why class or any other civil warfare has not succeeded in destroying America from within .
A major drug route passes from Afghanistan through Central Asia and into Russia and Europe .
Making that difficult passage from closed to open society was a necessary step for the states of Central and Eastern Europe to become candidate members and - perhaps soon - full members of the EU .
Some 80 % of Latin American cocaine reaching the US passes through the country at some point .
While the three low-cost water and sanitation interventions discussed here may not always pass a cost-benefit test , they are likely to attract investment in many circumstances , while simultaneously responding to communities ' preferences .
An emotional speaker , Presient Lukashenka is not unpopular , for he touches the soul of the generation that mourns the Soviet Union 's passing : WWII veterans , retired people , and collective farm workers .
WASHINGTON , DC -- For decades , research universities in the United States have been universally acknowledged as the world 's leaders in science and engineering , unsurpassed since World War II in the sheer volume and excellence of the scholarship and innovation that they generate .
Tsinghua and Peking universities together recently surpassed Berkeley as the top sources of students who go on to earn American PhDs .
Although the Ukrainian constitution bans dual citizenship , the government has had to launch an inquiry into alleged covert Russian passport-holding in the Crimean city of Sevastopol .
The EU should also launch a comprehensive study of all aspects of Europe 's reliance on Russian energy supplies , including transit , energy security and conservation , supply diversification , and the impact of `` bypass '' pipelines like Nord Stream and South Stream .
It should consider linking the opening of the Nord Stream pipeline , which would allow Russia to cut off gas to Poland and Ukraine while maintaining deliveries to Germany , to the opening of the proposed `` White Stream '' pipeline to bring gas from Azerbaijan directly to Ukraine via Georgia , bypassing Russia .
The Speaker of the US House of Representatives , Nancy Pelosi , has called the Tea Party adherents Nazis , while the mainstream media tend to portray them as ignorant and provincial , a passive rabble with raw emotion but little analytical skill , stirred up and manipulated by demagogues to advance their own agendas .
Indeed , the war against the arts and humanities in the US coincided with the emergence of an increasingly ignorant and passive population and a government that serves at the pleasure of corporate interests .
She passes under immense billboards on which other women swoon in sexual ecstasy , cavort in lingerie or simply stretch out languorously , almost fully naked .
One army veteran said that he cries every day from the resistance and outcry he now faces from passengers , and that the stress is worse than being on active military deployment .
As a result , France is likely soon to surpass Sweden as the world 's highest public spender .
In exchange for voting to pass over the unfit Crown Prince , Kuwait 's parliament is now demanding even more political and economic reforms , including the formal legalization of political parties , the separation of the position of prime minister from that of crown prince , and even for the prime minister to be chosen from outside the Al Sabah family .
Many Muslims acquiesced in this deviation , viewing the invasion of Iraq as part of the passing of dictatorship and the coming of democracy . But the bloodstained shambles of the US occupation led America to abandon the quest for democracy .
The Al Munasaha rehabilitation center is supposed to `` cure '' jihadi passions , and Saudi returnees from Guantánamo who spend time at Al Munasaha are later offered jobs and wives .
Yemen is strategically important , not only for Saudi Arabia , but for the world , because it is the only country on the Arabian Peninsula from which oil can reach the open seas without passing through a narrow strait -- either the Strait of Hormuz or the Suez Canal .
To endanger this passage is to endanger the world economy 's energy lifeline .
Popular democratic protests that started on a small scale in mid-February outside Sanaa University have widened to encompass the whole country .
The most compassionate measure that the US , and Saudi Arabia , should take is a form of political euthanasia .
Unless they begin to do so , these peoples will drift into the camp of the fanatics -- if not as active terrorists than as passive supporters , much as the Catholic community in Northern Ireland passively embraced IRA terrorism as a way to end their exclusion from political life in the province .
But , as Sultan 's health deteriorated , Abdullah bypassed his own creation and appointed Prince Naif , the interior minister , as a second deputy .
From Egypt to Lebanon to Iran , political passions are mounting , along with a renewed optimism .
Twenty years have passed . My daughter has grown up .
A lot of water had to pass under the bridge before the idea of a two-state solution , whether as a moral or a practical matter , began to filter into the Israeli and Palestinian political and ideological environments .
Indeed , China 's investment rate may have surpassed 50 % in 2009 .
Thus , low interest rates and non-market interference , rather than demand from enterprises , fueled explosive credit growth in the first half of 2009 , surpassing the full-year target .
China Going Forward BEIJING -- China 's per capita income , at $ 3,800 , has now surpassed the threshold for a middle-income country .
In deciding to visit Ghana , a former British colony and a leading node in the global slave trade of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , Obama bypassed the Kenya of his father . Kenya is embroiled in bitter tribal disputes , and saddled with a brazenly corrupt government .
What has been missing , however , are energetic extension workers , brimming with pride in their own people and passion for new approaches .
Instead of more Madonnas , who in the glare of global publicity saves a lone child 's life , Africa needs more Nkhomas : passionate cheerleaders with deep local knowledge and a willingness to stand alongside peasants in the fields in order to grow food for all the other children .
In his six years in office , he has repeatedly tried to bypass a polarized state legislature -- even the annual budget requires a two-thirds majority -- by appealing directly to voters .
Some influential people , including Schwarzenegger , say the state needs a new constitution that would restrict ballot initiatives and make budgets easier to pass .
Similarly , technology policies should encompass both domestic development and technology transfer .
When embedded in new and unfamiliar settings , our habitual ways of thinking , feeling , and acting no longer function to sustain the moral compass that has guided us reliably in the past .
Although much of The Lucifer Effect examines how easy it is for ordinary people to be seduced into engaging in evil deeds , or to be passively indifferent to the suffering of others , the deeper message is a positive one .
CHICAGO -- Three years have now passed since the collapse of Lehman Brothers , which triggered the start of the most acute phase of the 2007-2008 financial crisis .
