That condemnation matters , because passing judgment on the trade-off between the efficiency gains to be had from any merger versus the threat to competition is a subtle matter , not an ideological one .
What good fortune it is that China 's most sacred , encompassing , and powerful doctrine built around the triumvirate of `` the interests of the majority of the people '' `` advanced culture , '' and `` advanced productive forces '' found one political party to be its representative !
Unfortunately , Obama 's all-encompassing promises might prove to be just as unrealistic .
Last week , China finally enshrined private property by passing the long-awaited property rights law , in what the government called `` significant progress in promoting rule of law in the country . ''
One can also argue for PSR on the grounds that asking for CSR becomes a way of `` passing the buck '' -- evading personal responsibility for doing good .
Nowhere has this game of passing the blame been more visible than in the way EU governments have handled the deregulation of the product market .
But his vision of a North American Free Trade Association -LRB- NAFTA -RRB- encompassing elements of social and political fusion with his North American counterparts was sidetracked by the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and by his political rivals ' recent successes at the polls .
On the other side of the divide , Iran and its allies have put forward the banners of jihad and `` resistance . '' Their platform includes : Islamist revolution in every country ; Iran as the region 's dominant state , backed up by nuclear weapons ; no peace with Israel and no Palestinian state until there can be an Islamist one encompassing all of Israel -LRB- as well as the West Bank and Gaza Strip -RRB- ; and the expulsion of Western influence from the region .
Encompassing all big emerging economies , this appeared to be the most effective way to muster the legitimacy denied to the G-7 .
In both Rome and Moscow , there is growing hope that a road to Christian unity can be built , but it is increasingly clear that the road can be completed only by passing through Berlin .
In Cuba , Fidel Castro 's eventual passing from the scene represents an immense challenge .
It also has an economy that is not growing sufficiently to stem the ongoing tide passing through Mexico to the US .
This is the realization that lies underneath our all-encompassing focus on security .
Yet , by passing the blame for their ongoing terrorist-proxy policy to their mullah puppets , the generals have made the US believe that the key is to contain the religious fringe , not the puppeteers .
Improved security at ports in Ghana and Senegal is putting a dent in illicit trade passing through those countries .
After all , unpopular parties and falling electoral turnout may merely be passing phenomena .
On the contrary , the shadow is lengthening with each passing day , owing to the absence of effective policies to get the flow of economy-wide nominal spending back on its previous track .
Summers was criticizing Europe 's focus on the second-order issue of Greece while far graver imbalances -- between the EU 's north and south , and between reckless banks ' creditors and governments that failed to regulate properly -- worsen with each passing day .
But with every passing year , `` balancing up '' -- rapid growth in the rest of the world boosting demand for US exports -- has become less and less likely .
But the odds on a soft landing are lengthening with each passing day .
The prospect of a truly hard landing -- that global investors wake up one morning , suddenly recognize the US current account 's can not be sustained , dump dollars , and bring about a crash of the global economy -- is becoming less likely with each passing day .
Particles get from A to B without passing through the intervening space , where they have insufficient energy to exist ; they briefly `` borrow '' the energy , because we are `` uncertain '' about what their energy is .
Information gets from A to B without anything passing in between -- what Einstein called `` spooky action at a distance . '' And so on .
Almost 20 years later , the Swedish band Europe 's hit song , `` The Final Countdown , '' seems more appropriate for the euro area with every passing day .
By contrast , each passing day seems to drive EU members further apart .
Moreover , the country 's strategic situation is deteriorating with each passing year , because the global redistribution of power and influence from the West to the East can only weaken Israel 's position .
And with every passing day , America 's position in the region is weakening further and the chances of a successful new political strategy become more remote .
Consider this : at any given moment , the average citizen in the developed world has billions of messages passing through his or her brain .
Today , both `` conservative democrats '' and liberals advocate passing all the reforms needed to gain accession to the EU , while opponents include extreme nationalists , of both left and right , as well as some elements of the `` secular '' establishment .
As a result , Iraq 's refusal to cooperate in making the scientists available for interviews -- the key to its entire strategy of denial -- was mentioned only in passing at the end of the inspectors ' reports .
On a 25 mile stretch of road between the southern cities of Kismayo and Jilib , there are at least 35 checkpoints manned by armed men who take $ 50 to $ 200 from passing travelers .
He has created security forces -- some of which have reportedly acted as death squads -- that are answerable directly to him , thus bypassing the constitutional chain of command .
PRINCETON -- Now that the economic crisis looks less threatening -LRB- at least for the moment -RRB- , and forecasters are spying `` green shoots '' of recovery , an ever more encompassing blame game is unfolding .
With each passing day , it becomes more apparent that a restructuring of Greek debt is unavoidable .
Putin 's all-encompassing popularity , which is genuine , and his blurring of all political dividing lines has given him an unassailable position .
The general assembly of North Korea 's Workers ' Party , now underway for the first time in 44 years , is the clearest sign yet that `` Dear Leader '' Kim , who is seriously ill , is passing the crown in the hermit kingdom founded by his father , Kim Il-sung .
Kim Kyong-hui 's intent to exercise power after her brother 's passing is supported by rumors that she helped arrange a traffic accident in June that killed Ri Je-gang , a senior party official and perceived guardian of Kim Jong-eun who reportedly attempted to oust Kim Kyong-hui and her close allies from power .
Europe 's Russia SOFIA -- The post-Cold War order in Europe is finished , with Vladimir Putin its executioner . Russia 's invasion of Georgia only marked its passing .
Now the axis has crushed hopes of passing a new European constitution in Brussels by demanding the so-called `` double majority '' rule , which would seriously weaken medium-size and smaller countries ' voting power by comparison to what was agreed three years ago in Nice .
Russia is passing from being the Russian Federation of Boris Yeltsin to a unitary authoritarian regime under Vladimir Putin and his former KGB colleagues .
The passing of authority in Iraq from the US-led coalition to an Iraqi government and the need for a much stronger UN role now offers the chance and imposes the need for everyone to stop posturing and get serious .
We 've seen record drought , spreading famine , and storms that are growing stronger with each passing hurricane season . ''
By 2050 , the combined GDP of the largest 11 African economies should reach more than $ 13 trillion , surpassing Brazil and Russia -LRB- but not China or India -RRB- .
The victory of the famed opposition trade-union movement , Solidarity , in Eastern Europe 's first free election since 1946 was eclipsed by the violent crackdown in Beijing and Khomeini 's tumultuous passing .
Just the unbroken line of people , holding hands and passing silently in the white darkness , the line looping back and forth outside the forbidding gates .
Hard Truths about Bird Flu The issues surrounding the possibility of a pandemic of the H5N1 strain of avian flu are extraordinarily complex , encompassing medicine , epidemiology , virology , and even politics and ethics .
And , to make matters worse , the French soccer team , whose World Cup victory in 1998 gave his predecessor Jacques Chirac a short respite and a passing popularity boom , was humiliated in June 's Euro championship .
Responsibility for overseeing the global economy is passing rapidly from the G-7 \/ 8 to the G-20 , as it should .
As a result , the modern individual can belong to a greater range of groups , but groups that are less all encompassing .
The West ca n't change Russia 's behavior with persuasion , so it must try to use its leverage : make the Nabucco pipeline bypassing Russia a reality , build LNG terminals , include energy in Europe 's Common Foreign and Security Policy , diversify supply , and screen companies seeking capital in London 's stock exchange more carefully .
More importantly , in driving the transition to low-carbon growth , these technologies could create the most dynamic and innovative period in economic history , surpassing that of the introduction of railways , electricity grids , or the internet .
But the passing of the old news model has also had a salutary effect .
Al Qaeda 's network of tens of thousands of people in loosely affiliated cells in some sixty countries gives it a scale surpassing anything seen before .
McCain is a man of strong traditional values who prides himself on his willingness to act quickly and decisively , which he sought to do during the negotiations on the bailout by suspending his campaign to return to Washington . That effort appears to have backfired , because the Republicans that he leads initially balked at passing the legislation .
Equally important are American actions that show the high priority that the US gives to the alliance , and its guarantees not to engage in what Japan fears will be `` Japan-passing '' in its relations with Asia .
In the late 1970 's , a `` Committee on the Present Danger '' argued that Soviet power was surpassing that of the US , and the 1980 American election reflected such fears .
The question today is whether , with the moment of crisis passing and countries ' circumstances and perspectives diverging , the G-20 can demonstrate the leadership the world needs in addressing its ongoing critical problems .
He says that two-thirds of China 's almost 3,000 counties have tried artificial methods to induce more rainfall , sometimes resulting in lawsuits over rights to mine passing clouds for water .
The Dee Bridge , whose cast - and wrought-iron design followed common practice for the period , collapsed under a passing train , killing everyone aboard .
In the short run , though , the world is engaged in a gigantic game of passing the parcel , with no country wanting to take the habitual exporters ' goods and their capital surpluses .
At the height of the Soviet-Afghanistan war in the 1980 's , Pakistan was the covert conduit for Filipino Muslim militants passing to and from Afghanistan and back to the island of Mindanao , which has long been a stronghold of Muslim rebels .
Indeed , his experience with the `` Hegelian bacillus '' made Kolakowski forever sensitive to all enthusiasms and all-encompassing creeds .
But Hirschman also would no doubt chide developing country governments for not living up to their responsibilities and for passing on the buck so freely to these external agencies .
Their strategies bear only passing similarity to today 's consensus .
But for the financial community , pioneering formulas that paved the way for modern hedging strategies should get just as much credit for the passing period of rapid global growth as cell phones , computers , and the Internet .
And here is another painful thought that Harvard historian Niall Ferguson often emphasizes : many of the leaders and legislators who are passing judgment on new rules for banks are the same leaders and legislators who oversaw the regulation in the run-up to the financial crisis .
Indeed , chess programs now come very close to passing the late British mathematician Alan Turing 's ultimate test of artificial intelligence : can a human conversing with the machine tell it is not human ?
Across the country , voters arrived on crutches and in donkey carts , passing by posters that threatened : `` You vote , you die . ''
Globalization as a world-encompassing process is largely beyond the determination of national politics , and societies and nations must adapt .
The world is passing through the greatest economic crisis in decades .
The difficulties that President Barack Obama is having in passing his basic program , whether in health care , climate change , or financial reform , are hard to understand at first glance .
President Barack Obama will lose any hope for passing progressive legislation aimed at helping the poor or the environment .
The Iraq war was ostensibly launched because of Saddam 's weapons of mass destruction , yet each passing day suggests that the threat was exaggerated .
A longstanding sidekick of Cheney , Rumsfeld traveled to Baghdad in 1983 and 1984 at the behest of former Bechtel Corporation President George Shultz , then passing a bit of non-corporate time as US Secretary of State .
`` Whenever we heard the train coming , '' my father once told me , `` all the young boys in the village would run as fast as we could through the apple orchard to greet the passing Americans .
My friend managed to talk insistently to the three until eventually they left her and her son alone , only to pounce on a married couple that happened to be passing by .
As a result , big international corporations and Wall Street banks now flock to China , bypassing Taiwan .
In both booms , roughly 90 % of respondents in the US expected an increase in home prices over the next several years , with large expected increases over the next 12 months , surpassing 15 % in San Francisco in 2003 .
In Heiligendamm , the G-8 leaders , together with representatives of major emerging economies -LRB- Brazil , Mexico , China , India , and South Africa , who have a critical stake in energy consumption to continue to generate economic growth -RRB- , will discuss a comprehensive approach encompassing a set of energy options , from energy efficiency and renewable energy , to clean coal , carbon capture and storage , and carbon sequestration .
For several years , some couples at risk of passing a genetic disease on to their children have used in vitro fertilization , producing several embryos that can be tested for the faulty gene and implanting in the woman 's uterus only those without it .
Now couples are using this technique to avoid passing on genes that imply a significantly elevated risk of developing certain forms of cancer .
Yet Obama 's campaigning has focused on `` Main Street '' and tax cuts for the middle class , bypassing the issue of what to do about poverty .
Factory farming is passing far bigger costs -- and risks -- on to all of us .
The Bolsheviks inherited the autocracy of the Czars ; Putin rediscovered the old monarchical principle of anointing his successor , bypassing democratic competition for the presidency .
By implicitly bypassing the UN , and dividing the world into two armed camps , the League of Democracies would increase the danger of war .
Since January 2006 , Moscow has negotiated separate deals with energy companies from Germany , France , Italy , Hungary , Serbia , Slovakia , and Denmark that could undercut Europe 's efforts to build additional pipelines aimed at bypassing Russia 's near monopoly of supplies from Central Asia .
In this context , the next meeting of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change -LRB- UNFCCC -RRB- , set for the end of November in Durban , South Africa , is passing totally unnoticed .
The container flow between the Far East and Europe uses the Mediterranean route via the Suez Canal -- far faster than passing through the Panama Canal , circumnavigating Africa , or even taking the hypothetical -LRB- for now -RRB- ice-free Arctic route .
In a boom-bust process , passing an early test tends to reinforce the misconception which gave rise to it .
The US Treasury and the IMF knew , or at least hoped , that with the passing of the crisis , global attention would turn elsewhere .
More debt relief -- encompassing more countries and more debt -LRB- including bilateral debt -RRB- -- is needed .
Too often , UN peacekeeping missions require passing the hat among the advanced industrial countries , giving them virtual veto power over when , where , and how the UN acts .
The Bush administration is hoping , somehow , to forestall a wave of foreclosures -- thereby passing the economy 's problems on to the next president , just as it is doing with the Iraq quagmire .
We know , of course , the broad outline of their all-encompassing fundamentalism , and we have some vague ideas about Al Qaeda as a decentralized network of cells in many countries that seeks to acquire chemical , biological , and perhaps even nuclear weapons .
No longer would our ancestors have to content themselves with the food that nature offered - they could start to grow their own , far surpassing nature 's meager supply .
This is an all-encompassing brief , covering everything we do as a community and an economy in areas ranging from international trade to art , culture , and tourism .
In doing so , they are passing up an historic opportunity to take the lead on nuclear disarmament .
The proposed Baltic Sea pipeline , which would bring gas to Germany directly from Russia , bypassing Poland , Ukraine , the Baltic states , and the rest of Central Europe , is dangerous in this regard , because it may allow Gazprom the freedom to cut gas supplies to customers without endangering supplies to its favored western markets .
And yet , when news broke last month that China had officially replaced Japan as the world 's second-largest economy , instead of crowing about surpassing a longtime rival and having the top spot , held by the US , in its sights , the government issued statements emphasizing that theirs remains a `` poor , developing '' country .
Indeed , Chinese President Hu Jintao 's recent trip to Washington was seen by many -- particularly many Chinese -- as the passing of the torch .
An emotional speaker , Presient Lukashenka is not unpopular , for he touches the soul of the generation that mourns the Soviet Union 's passing : WWII veterans , retired people , and collective farm workers .
It should consider linking the opening of the Nord Stream pipeline , which would allow Russia to cut off gas to Poland and Ukraine while maintaining deliveries to Germany , to the opening of the proposed `` White Stream '' pipeline to bring gas from Azerbaijan directly to Ukraine via Georgia , bypassing Russia .
Many Muslims acquiesced in this deviation , viewing the invasion of Iraq as part of the passing of dictatorship and the coming of democracy . But the bloodstained shambles of the US occupation led America to abandon the quest for democracy .
Yemen is strategically important , not only for Saudi Arabia , but for the world , because it is the only country on the Arabian Peninsula from which oil can reach the open seas without passing through a narrow strait -- either the Strait of Hormuz or the Suez Canal .
Thus , low interest rates and non-market interference , rather than demand from enterprises , fueled explosive credit growth in the first half of 2009 , surpassing the full-year target .
