But a plan to close numerous bases passed by an overwhelming majority when the congressional leadership finally agreed to present a single list of bases to be closed ; the list could only be voted up or down , without any possibility of amendments .
In February 2003 , the Duma passed a decree stating that the Sakharov museum exhibition 's purpose was to incite religious hatred and to insult believers and the Orthodox Church .
`` In November 2006 , the -LRB- AKP dominated -RRB- Turkish parliament , as part of the reforms related to possible EU accession , passed a new law governing Lausanne religious minority foundations , easing procedures to establish foundations and allowing non-Turkish citizens in Turkey to open them ... Then President Ahmet Necdet Sezer -LRB- a staunch Kemalist -RRB- , however , vetoed the legislation .
In February 2008 , the parliament passed a similar law on the return of property confiscated from non-Muslim minorities ...
The law was proposed by the government and quickly passed by the Duma , where Putin 's party controls two-thirds of the votes .
Hence , the legislation was passed without any second thought or discussion -- and Russians are now facing the consequences .
On both shores of the Mediterranean , generations have passed and new connections have been formed .
The ghosts of the past -- authoritarianism , political persecution , and censorship -- have been left behind , as Brazilian democracy passed important tests such as the impeachment of a president and the rise to the presidency of a former trade union leader .
Brazil has now passed another test : having a woman at the height of executive power .
Albania , Mongolia , and India successfully passed more complicated tests -- and offer some useful lessons in democratic transitions under unfavourable conditions .
Such an aggressive attitude benefits a country 's foreign policy only up to a point -- one that Putin passed long ago .
The founders passed the torch on to the generation of Jacques Delors , Helmut Kohl , François Mitterrand , Václav Havel , Valéry Giscard d'Estaing , and others . They broadened and deepened European cooperation .
Sixteen years have passed , but the pain remains , buried in the hearts and minds of the people .
In the years that have passed , China 's leaders were responsible not only for Zhao 's unlawful house arrest but also for a systematic effort to erase his name from history .
Workers globally fear for their jobs and feel by-passed by economic change .
Workers globally fear for their jobs because they feel they are being by-passed by economic change . The economic crisis has exacerbated the perceived downside of globalisation .
The US Senate voted this month to incorporate such a mechanism into the financial reform bill that will now have to be reconciled by the bill passed by the US House of Representatives .
This decision followed the banks having passed the so-called `` stress tests '' of their financial viability , which the US Treasury demanded , and the success of some of them in raising the additional capital that the tests suggested they needed .
In the US , for example , new securities laws were passed following the stock market crash of 1929 , and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act was adopted in 2002 , in the immediate aftermath of the collapse of the Internet bubble and the Enron and WorldCom scandals .
In early 2005 , three years after a new law on environmental impact assessments -LRB- EIA 's -RRB- was passed , the State Environmental Protection Bureau -LRB- SEPA -RRB- , ordered the halt of 30 large projects , including 26 hydropower plants that had failed to submit proper EIA 's .
It is has been little noticed , but in the last few years , Eastern Europe , including Russia , surpassed the US and the United Kingdom as the euro zone 's most important export markets .
In terms of exports , they did almost as well as , and in some respects even surpassed , the Chinese .
As a result , the exchange-rate risk was passed on to those least able to manage it : households .
The fact that a week passed in which to scrutinize and reflect upon all the factors involved was critical to the outcome .
But she has already made clear that Germany 's neighbors to the East will have no reason not feel bypassed .
It passed the crisis test with flying colors , and the future is promising .
The declaration passed with 84 votes in favor , 34 against , and 37 abstentions .
Pretending that banks that passed modest stress tests can be kept open indefinitely with little collateral damage is wishful -- and dangerous -- thinking .
On the other hand , there is no assurance that the right policies would be maintained if power once again passed to a military ruler .
In addition , Congress passed the Kerry-Lugar bill , which promised $ 7.5 billion in economic aid from 2009-2014 .
Perhaps this is how Jewish conspiracy theories were passed on as well .
Legislating History NEW YORK &#45; &#45; In October , the Spanish parliament passed a Law on Historical Memory , which bans rallies and memorials celebrating the late dictator Francisco Franco .
On April 22 , 2004 , a train explosion at Ryongchon killed 160 people and injured 1,300 . Many believe that it was an attempt to assassinate Kim , whose custom-built train passed through Ryongchon a few hours before the blast .
Yet tragically , in a misguided attempt to thwart the spread of HIV and AIDS , lawmakers in many parts of the world have passed criminal statues that promote ignorance about the disease , punish its victims , and enhance the chances that the virus will infect new victims .
Morales passed a constitutional reform that included changes in the conception and role of the state , private property , and management of natural resources and taxes .
In fact , none of the major economic and social reforms Mexico desperately needs in order to grow more rapidly , distribute wealth more evenly , and combat poverty more effectively can be passed if the institutional scaffolding is not rebuilt .
That seems to be the case in Mexico , which recently passed new tax and electoral laws -- but not the ones the country needs .
But , given the likelihood that Democrats will retain their majorities in the US Congress , even McCain would need to modify the agreement with Colombia in order to get it passed .
The year that has just passed has demonstrated -- in the handling of the financial crisis and in trying to tackle climate change -- both the need for and the difficulties of creating a new paradigm of global governance .
He has even done the math : sixty years have indeed passed since the Holocaust ended , five times the actual period of Nazi rule in Germany .
Attacks on immigrants went into high gear in February , when the US Congress passed a bill that will make it illegal for any state to issue driver 's licenses to undocumented workers .
In any case , the time to act is now : once the ban is passed by Congress and signed by the president , it is unlikely to be lifted any time soon .
Even though assets such as land were completely secure -LRB- in most English villages , land had passed from owner to owner unchallenged through the courts for 800 years or more -RRB- , investors had to be paid real returns of 10 % to hold land .
There may be the vexing question of whether instructions or reports passed over his desk that contained relevant information .
Some say that it is achieved only once a country has passed the `` two-turnover test , '' that is , two changes of government without violence .
By the time the false religions of totalitarian ideologies were defeated , real religions -- so it seemed -- had long passed from the political scene .
Moreover , they argue that the cost of any increase in required equity capital would simply be passed on to borrowers in the form of higher interest rates , bringing economic growth to a grinding halt .
Had the Federal Reserve been more aggressive in pushing interest rates down , or had Bush and Congress passed tax cuts aimed at boosting short-term demand and employment , the US economy would have grown at a pace not seen in a generation and a half .
But the historical rule of thumb is that the chances of a fast , hard landing have now surpassed 25 % , and continue to climb .
Four years ago , I would have said that the principal source of international economic disorder was made in America . That has passed as a result of the dollar 's decline and the ebbing political strength of right-wing populist factions in the US that seek ever-greater redistribution to the rich fueled by ever-increasing tax cuts and ever-rising long-term deficits .
Not since 1982 has a decade passed at the end of which investors would have been better off had they placed their money in corporate or United States Treasury bonds rather than in a diversified portfolio of stocks .
In retrospect , the Treasury should have identified all such entities and started buying common stock in them -- whether they liked it or not -- until the crisis passed .
That is the only time when -LRB- a -RRB- a financial crisis caused a widespread , lengthy , and prolonged reinforcing chain of bank failures , and -LRB- b -RRB- the government neither intervened nor passed the baton to a consortium of private banks to support the system as a whole .
One site was still operating 24 hours a day ; in others production had been temporarily halted until the deadline passed .
Two tons of heroin per month passed from Asia to Europe through Kosovo during the rule of Slobodan Milosevic .
Back then , irrational news decisions , sycophancy , and propaganda were passed off as journalism .
As I passed an ad in the Moscow metro promoting advertising space for sale , I remembered hurtling down one of those same long , fast escalators sometime in the mid-1990 's with a pioneering advertising man .
The slogan meant that his government intended to free up -LRB- by military means -RRB- the country 's main road networks , even when these passed through FARC territory .
In such exhibits , however , it is impossible to find answers to the most obvious questions : How many prisoners passed through this camp ?
Not many years ago , in Australia -- as in most of the rest of the world -- these kinds of incidents would have passed utterly unremarked and without redress .
The Berlusconi government recently passed a budget bill designed to raise tax revenue and to bring the economy to a balanced budget by 2013 .
Local militias achieved prominence and power in the Netherlands , beginning in 1568 during the long struggle against the Spanish Habsburgs , though they were again sidelined when the threat passed in the late seventeenth century .
Ever since Bush 's State of the Union address at the end of January , hardly a day has passed without something happening in connection with Iran or without the Bush administration 's ratcheting up its rhetoric .
In the last three years , the United Nations Security Council has passed ten resolutions requiring the Sudanese government to change course and fulfill its obligation to protect its own people .
Until 1989 , the global market encompassed between 800 million and one billion people .
Years of bad news appear to have passed the Germans by without a trace .
BERLIN -- Two years have passed since Barack Obama was elected President of the United States .
In September 2005 , the United Nations Security Council passed Resolution 1624 -- paradoxically , with American approval -- calling upon all member states to enact criminal sanctions against those who incite terrorism .
In such cases , there is a duty to guarantee that all sentences are passed `` by a regularly constituted court affording all the judicial guarantees which are recognized as indispensable by civilized peoples . ''
This often made it difficult to attribute authorship , because a text might consist of a copied lecture in which the copyist 's comments were inserted and then perhaps altered as the book passed to other hands .
Never would the law in its current form have passed through the old State Duma .
In addition to having become the world 's industrial park , China now has more mobile phone subscribers than the combined populations of the United States , the United Kingdom , Canada , Australia and New Zealand , and the number of Internet users has just surpassed that in the US .
As time passed and scientific knowledge accumulated -- much of it from the fruit fly -- the true complexity of the relationship between genes and characteristics became clear .
But shops and showrooms can not be transformed into tourist attractions , whose capacity will remain limited until enough time has passed to build new hotels , recreational facilities , etc. .
Néstor and Cristina will be dealing with a parliament that is much weakened : laws passed by legislators close to the government allow the president to `` correct '' the budget and issue `` necessary and urgent '' decrees that substitute for laws .
Another year has now passed with little progress in bridging the divide between Palestinians and Israelis .
June , it turns out , marks another milestone on the alliance 's uncertain path : its operation in Libya has now surpassed in length the one in Kosovo 12 years ago .
There were also moments of great concern about whether the allies would be willing to stay the course as the days , weeks , and months passed , with no end in sight .
In early June , the National Association of Teachers in Further and Higher Education -LRB- NATFHE -RRB- , Britain 's largest academic union , with 67,000 members , passed a motion to sever ties with all Israeli professors and institutions of higher learning unless they publicly dissociate themselves from `` continuing Israeli apartheid policies . ''
Two years ago , the European Parliament in Strasbourg overwhelmingly passed a declaration urging a green hydrogen economy .
New laws , expected to be passed by the Frontier Assembly soon , follow the lead of Afghanistan 's former Taliban government .
Dr. Khan allegedly also supplied a detailed nuclear weapon design that US experts say is of a 1964 Chinese vintage passed on to Pakistan two decades ago .
Some of Musharraf 's achievements are significant . Relations with India have improved , the Kashmir insurgency supported by Pakistan has been scaled back , a women 's protection bill was passed in the teeth of Islamic opposition , and a virulent public school curriculum that emphasized jihad and martyrdom has been toned down .
The deadline extension that it passed was in keeping with both the spirit and the letter of the TAL .
Would it not be desirable just to hide losses until uncertainty passed and confidence returned ?
More than three years passed before new US Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady set out a more satisfactory program , in which banks would be given a menu of options that included lower interest rates on the debt and a hefty discount on the principal .
For example , the Andhra Pradesh state government passed a restrictive ordinance making it difficult for microfinance institutions to recover their loans from their clients .
Resolutions mandating peace operations can not continue to be passed without the necessary troops , money , and materiel .
Today , 15 states and the federal government proscribe the practice by statute , and two others have passed laws that are awaiting gubernatorial signature .
After the wave passed , a chaotic mountain of debris was all that was left of Kamaishi , Japan 's oldest steel-manufacturing town , in Iwate prefecture .
Israel encompassed more than 77 % of the territory , Jordan was left to rule East Jerusalem and the West Bank , and Egypt took control of Gaza .
Lithuania passed that test ; I am confident that Viktor Yushchenko and his team will do so as well .
This protein is involved in a process called apoptosis in which damaged cells commit `` suicide '' to ensure that their defective genes are not passed on to daughter cells . -LRB- This is perhaps the first indication that self-sacrifice may be an intrinsic human trait ! -RRB-
Environmentalists hired scientists , lawyers , and lobbyists who made sure that laws were n't just passed in Congress , but also implemented in practice .
Those who disdain environmental concerns have been ousted at the polls in large numbers , companies invest huge amounts in environmental technologies , states are suing car producers for their climate-adverse policies , and the requirements of the Kyoto Protocol have long been surpassed by some states -- a lesson for German and European cities and municipalities .
Food Fight Europe 's parliament has passed stringent new rules for genetically modified food , raising American objections .
But this does not explain why 14 countries not only caught up with Sweden during this period , but surpassed it in terms of GDP per capita .
Even if every Kyoto-obligated country passed its own , duplicate Waxman-Markey bills -- which is implausible and would incur significantly higher costs -- the global reduction would amount to just 0.22 ° C -LRB- 0.35 ° F -RRB- by the end of this century .
On January 23 , the Security Council issued a statement expressing regret that the conduct of `` free and fair presidential elections '' had not yet been carried out in accordance with Security Council Resolution 1559 , which was passed on the eve of Lahoud 's extension .
I have learned , however , in the more than ten years that have passed since I felt that burning , to honor exile , doing so in the name of all that is challenge and epiphany , of all the doubts and the lifelong apprenticeship it implies , for its emptiness and richness , for the unfettering of myself and the clash within myself .
Koizumi had relied on the bureaucrats to implement his reforms , but he did so at the price of postponing an overhaul of the civil service , which became a poisoned chalice that he passed on to Abe .
Consequently , he was aloof from the DPJ 's feud with Japan 's powerful bureaucratic mandarins , who are desperately trying to safeguard the longstanding bureaucratic\/cabinet system in which the once-ruling Liberal Democratic Party -LRB- LDP -RRB- passed mandarin-drafted , cabinet-sponsored bills and budgets , almost continuously , for five decades .
Thousands of names fell out of the history , people 's deeds were `` passed '' to others , and the nature , motives , and activities of parties , groups , national movements , and classes were distorted .
ROME -- One storm has passed in Italy .
Sixteen years have passed since Silvio Berlusconi , a blessing and a curse for the Italian people , made his first foray into the political ring .
Even in the absence of natural disasters , diarrhea is the number-two infectious killer of children under the age of five in developing countries -LRB- surpassed only by respiratory diseases -RRB- , accounting for roughly two million deaths a year .
Islamic laws in Malaysia are based on religious doctrine but codified and passed as statutes by state parliaments .
There , empty windows filled with sandbags continue to face each other defiantly , symbols of a past that has not passed for decades .
In 1991 , the fall of the Soviet Union presented for India a serious strategic test , which the country has passed with flying colors .
Having just passed through the bloodiest century in human history , increasing the zone of indifference to the ultimate goals of others -- as long as they are not directed against us -- should be mankind 's top priority .
Being a member of a guild , for example , encompassed a complete set of social roles -- economic , legal , political , and even religious .
For one thing , Jews had more experience with commerce than most other groups , and the tacit knowledge of buying , selling , and calculating advantage that was passed on in families with ties to business helps explain why Jews tended to be better at it .
They are often passed down within families , so they elude social policies that are based on the notion that equality of opportunity can be created by government action .
Parliament retains the right to interrogate cabinet members , including the Prime Minister , on financial and administrative questions and has frequently passed motions of no confidence in government .
Second , the length of time that has passed since the crimes -- longer than 30 years , in some cases -- far exceeds that for any comparable proceeding . Other war crimes courts have taken place in the immediate aftermath of conflict .
By splitting the `` reform '' vote , both parties failed to win any seats in the Duma because neither surpassed the 5 % electoral threshold .
The high point of disillusion with Russia 's top leaders passed in 1999 , when the level of trust in Yeltsin sunk to around 3 % .
Although eight countries have met or surpassed that target , the continent as a whole has not .
On the way to meet her , I passed women walking through mud to the market with large loads of fruit and vegetables stacked on their heads .
The unilateral moment has passed .
Afghanistan 's Feminist Revolution On April 16 , more than 300 Afghani women -- many of them students -- marched together in Kabul in protest of a new law passed by Parliament that would impose a series of Taliban-like restrictions on women .
Many White House speechwriters have used that rhetoric , but almost no First Ladies have walked the talk and passed the popcorn .
China is a long way from posing the kind of challenge to American preponderance that the Kaiser 's Germany posed when it surpassed Britain in the years leading up to World War I.
Moreover , rising gasoline prices have called attention to the shortcomings of the Bush administration 's energy policy , which includes recently passed legislation that contains inadequate requirements for energy conservation . The press , meanwhile , has reported on speculation about the relationship between warmer ocean waters and the frequency of severe hurricanes , thus highlighting the low priority that the administration has given to environmental problems in general and global climate change in particular .
Germany had surpassed Britain in industrial production by 1900 .
China is a long way from posing the kind of challenge to American preponderance that the Kaiser 's Germany posed when it surpassed Britain at the beginning of the twentieth century .
There is a new dimension to the alliance , however , and to the relationship with China . This year , China surpassed the US as the world 's largest emitter of greenhouse gases .
In 2007 , China surpassed the US as the world 's leading CO2 emitter . But China points out that on a per capita basis , US emissions are five times higher .
Chief among these challenges is the threat posed by global warming , with China having surpassed the US as the leading producer of carbon-dioxide emissions -LRB- though not in per capita terms -RRB- .
In 2010 , China 's economy surpassed Japan 's in total size , though it is only one-sixth the size in per capita terms .
Only two decades ago , many Americans feared being overtaken after Japanese per capita income surpassed that of the United States .
In 2010 , China passed Japan to become the world 's second largest economy .
But the recently House-passed Waxman-Markey bill proposes that the US only cut emissions by 3.6 % of 1990 baseline levels .
The recent resolution passed by the Foreign Relations Committee of the US Congress , which called upon President Obama to ensure that US foreign policy reflects an `` appropriate understanding and sensitivity '' concerning the Armenian Genocide , should serve as a wake-up call to both Turkish and Armenian governments that Armenians are not about to question the historical veracity of the genocide .
BRUSSELS -- Two years have passed since the financial crises erupted , and we have only started to realize how costly it is likely to be .
The Commission showed sympathy and understanding , but in the end it passed the problem on to national governments .
Last year , Japan 's imports from China surpassed those from the US for the first time , while annual exports to China soared by 39.3 % .
Development costs have to be passed on in drug prices , which may be exceptionally high when a drug benefits only a relatively small number of patients .
President Barack Obama 's administration seems to think that the problem is one of demand , and has passed stimulus measure after stimulus measure , reducing taxes and increasing transfers and government spending in order to boost consumption and investment .
The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act -LRB- ARRA -RRB- that Obama passed barely three weeks after his inauguration was disappointing .
As a result , China surpassed Japan in late 2008 as the largest foreign holder of US financial assets .
On closer scrutiny , what passed as state-of-the-art thinking on economic policy turns out to have been based on some crude rules of thumb .
So , you finally passed that crucial piece of legislation ?
The reality is that the international trade regime has passed its greatest test since the Great Depression with flying colors .
During his first term in office , Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan relaxed some restrictions on Kurdish minorities and passed reforms that aligned the country 's legal regime with European norms .
You may choose the moral high ground and say , `` I will never deal with a terrorist . '' But you will have passed up an opportunity to assist the hostages .
Since that risk is then passed on to taxpayers , imposing taxes on financial firms in proportion to their borrowing is a simple way to ensure fairness .
In a new paper , `` A Decade of Debt , '' Carmen M. Reinhart and I show that general government debt in the United States , including federal , state , and local debt , has now surpassed the record 120 % of GDP reached at the end of World War II .
Indeed , since then , the write-downs by US banks have already passed the $ 1 trillion mark -LRB- my floor estimate of losses -RRB- , and institutions such as the IMF and Goldman Sachs now predict losses of more than $ 2 trillion .
Alternatively , another international force may be able to accomplish more than its predecessors , which mostly waved at the terrorists as they passed .
Only two other parties -- the Republican People 's Party -LRB- CHP -RRB- with 21 % and the National Movement Party -LRB- MHP -RRB- with 14 % -- surpassed the 10 % threshold for representation in parliament .
The problem is that these improved inputs have bypassed the poorest farmers and the poorest countries .
This August , they passed up the opportunity to mark the 90th anniversary of the start of World War I , which led to calamities that echoed until the twentieth century 's end .
Family and friends assumed that Public Security Bureau police detained them and that the couple would be released after the June 4 anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre of fifteen years ago passed .
In her devastating new book Mao : The Unknown Story , Jung Chang -LRB- author of the international bestseller Wild Swans -RRB- exposes startling new details that prove beyond doubt that Mao was a tyrannical , cruel hypocrite whose disregard for human lives and suffering surpassed that of even Stalin and Hitler .
The first nationwide poll in nearly a decade passed off relatively well and was endorsed by Nepali officials as well as the hundreds of international election observers .
Holders of long-term bonds , for example , must have thought that inflation would come roaring back after the effects of the 1981-2 global recession had passed .
The newly passed US financial-reform legislation entrusts macro-prudential policy to a new Financial Stability Oversight Council .
The US House of Representatives has passed a reform bill that would prevent mutual-fund market-timing abuses .
The era when China made all the compromises in the relationship has passed .
Tereshkova 's generation , though it encompassed almost the entire era of Soviet rule , had been raised in the tradition of Russian womanhood .
No Smile Limit If you were to walk along the streets of your neighborhood with your face up and an open expression , how many of those who passed you would smile , or greet you in some way ?
In fact , it was cheaper only because it passed some of its costs on to others -- for example , to people who lived downstream or downwind from the factory farms , and could no longer enjoy clean water and air .
The financial-reform law passed by the United States Congress last month requires improved transparency from banks and other financial-services firms .
First , the British House of Commons passed a motion directing the government to impose a ban on the use of wild animals in circuses .
In a triumph for parliamentary democracy , the motion passed without dissent .
More controversially , the lower house of the Dutch parliament passed a law giving the Jewish and Islamic communities a year to provide evidence that animals slaughtered by traditional methods do not experience greater pain than those that are stunned before they are killed .
Last July , the UN General Assembly passed , without dissent , a Bhutanese-initiated resolution recognizing the pursuit of happiness as a fundamental human goal and noting that this goal is not reflected in GDP .
The US House of Representatives has passed a bill that would allow duties to be imposed on imports from countries , like China , that manipulate their currencies for trade advantage .
All legislation is passed by a simple majority .
The `` accountability moment '' has passed , he claims , and he is ready to confront tyranny throughout the world according to his own lights .
We have just passed through the worst financial crisis since World War II .
The United States has already passed legislation requiring public disclosure of payments to governments , through the 2010 Dodd-Frank law .
First , they were competitive . The official registration of ten parties , including opposition groups , surpassed any previous election , and the OSCE admitted that voters had `` a real choice . ''
In the first six months of 2007 alone , the value of German exports nearly passed ¤ 500 billion .
As if all this were not enough , as the Davos meeting opened , America 's House of Representatives passed a bill requiring American steel to be used in stimulus spending , despite the G-20 's call to avoid protectionism in response to the crisis .
Nobody wants them , so they get passed around .
When this new bankruptcy law was passed , no one complained that it interfered with the sanctity of contracts : at the time borrowers incurred their debt , a more humane -- and economically rational -- bankruptcy law gave them a chance for a fresh start if the burden of debt repayment became too onerous .
When the 2005 bankruptcy law was passed , lenders were the beneficiaries ; they did n't worry about how the law affected the rights of debtors .
So it is no surprise that another annual meeting of the IMF passed without any major steps forward in `` reforming the global financial architecture . ''
Although that opportunity has passed , I still think that it will be far easier to address this problem now than , say , in another decade .
This has , indeed , already happened in some developed countries : in the ten years that have passed since the signing of the North American Free Trade Agreement , average real wages in the US have actually declined .
Higher aluminum prices were passed on in the price of every coke and beer can and every new airplane .
So , as his term draws to a close and his mantle of infallibility is passed on to his successor , it is worth examining whether his legacy will measure up and what we can expect from the new Fed chief , Ben Bernanke .
Deficits are like hot potatoes , passed from one country to another .
The dramatic decline in India 's share of global GDP under Britain 's rule , as Britain passed trade laws designed to benefit its textile producers at the expense of those in its colony , is the most visible example .
This is the first war in American history that has not demanded some sacrifice from citizens through higher taxes ; instead , the entire cost is being passed onto future generations .
The big French retailer Carrefour has seen protests at its stores all over China by nationalist activists incensed by the protests that took place in Paris when the Olympic torch passed through the city .
When the storm has passed , low levels of public debt and sustainable public finances will be crucial to preserving spending that helps the poor and to bringing back the international investors who are indispensable for Africa 's future growth ;
They rose to their ordeal with a bravery and self-sacrifice unsurpassed in China 's or anyone 's history .
Indeed , some economists fear that a fiscal crisis could erupt even after a tax hike is passed .
Initially , the government accepted the ruling , but it was overturned by an Order-in-Council -LRB- an executive order from the Queen and not a law passed by Parliament -RRB- in 2004 .
Italy 's Parliament , where Berlusconi 's ruling coalition holds an overwhelming majority , has passed four laws designed to safeguard the Prime Minister against prosecution and conviction .
What is even more insulting to African women is that the AU bypassed them to pick men whose commitment to democracy and human rights may be worse than that of Laurent Gbagbo , the man clinging to the Ivorian presidency despite losing the election .
WEST LAFAYETTE , INDIANA -- Food prices have in many cases surpassed the peak levels reached in July 2008 .
Such abuses have emerged when preventive institutionalization has passed constitutional muster , as in the laws some US states have enacted in order to incarcerate `` sexually violent predators . ''
It is irrelevant whether Internet regulations that fail to promote competition and protect consumers are passed by governments afraid of freely flowing information or , as in the case of the jailed entrepreneur , in order to protect established companies .
Germany illustrates the problems that are created when a country 's banking sector is largely bypassed by the global trend toward consolidation .
WASHINGTON , DC -- For decades , research universities in the United States have been universally acknowledged as the world 's leaders in science and engineering , unsurpassed since World War II in the sheer volume and excellence of the scholarship and innovation that they generate .
Tsinghua and Peking universities together recently surpassed Berkeley as the top sources of students who go on to earn American PhDs .
But , as Sultan 's health deteriorated , Abdullah bypassed his own creation and appointed Prince Naif , the interior minister , as a second deputy .
Twenty years have passed . My daughter has grown up .
Indeed , China 's investment rate may have surpassed 50 % in 2009 .
China Going Forward BEIJING -- China 's per capita income , at $ 3,800 , has now surpassed the threshold for a middle-income country .
In deciding to visit Ghana , a former British colony and a leading node in the global slave trade of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , Obama bypassed the Kenya of his father . Kenya is embroiled in bitter tribal disputes , and saddled with a brazenly corrupt government .
CHICAGO -- Three years have now passed since the collapse of Lehman Brothers , which triggered the start of the most acute phase of the 2007-2008 financial crisis .
