As time passes , the political support for reform dwindles , at least until the system blows up .
Lantos knows about moral compasses : as a boy , he was rescued by Raoul Wallenberg from being deported to Auschwitz by the Nazis in Budapest .
The IMF can play an important role in this regard , owing to its truly global perspective -- one that encompasses both advanced economies and emerging and developing economies , which are increasingly integrating into the global financial system .
As time passes , a concept without real commitment in the field may eventually raise suspicions about its relevance .
India probably encompasses the world 's largest middle class .
His government has rejected international calls to halt uranium enrichment , ignored UN-imposed deadlines , armed Iraqi militias , supplied Hezbollah with weapons for attacks on Israel , denied the Holocaust , and staged military exercises near the Strait of Hormuz , through which 40 % of the world 's sea-traded oil passes .
What is wrong with the fact that a parliamentary committee passes a political judgment against a Commissioner for purely political reasons ?
Doing so would give whomever he chooses an edge when Raúl , who is 76 , passes on , and he and Fidel do not necessarily agree on who should come next .
And China , seeking to tighten its grip on Tibet , has worked to control the traditional process of finding the reincarnation of any senior lama that passes away .
And the ongoing Karmapa saga , with its shadowy politics and intrigue , could turn out to be only the opening act -- a foretaste of what may come when two dueling Dalai Lamas emerge after the incumbent passes from the scene .
If deadlock and confusion were the only results , such political impasses might be tolerable .
Likewise , more nitrogen fertilizer is applied in agriculture than is fixed naturally in all terrestrial ecosystems , and nitric-oxide production from the burning of fossil fuels and biomass also surpasses natural emissions .
A 40 % fall in the value of the dollar -- of which half passes through to increased dollar prices of imports -- thus implies a 3.2 % rise in the overall price level .
As more time passes with neither the value of the dollar declining sharply nor market forces beginning to shrink America 's current-account deficit -- which may well reach $ 1 trillion this year -- two diametrically opposed reactions are emerging .
As time passes , deficits accumulate . As deficits accumulate , the cost of servicing the net international asset position grows .
Every minute that passes means one less mother , and it is shameful that 99 % of these deaths occur in developing countries .
But in the real world , how consistent is it possible to be in responding to genocide and other mass atrocities , treaty breaches , border violations , or other serious trespasses against international law ?
Libya passes , as would most other recent cases : had oil -- or regime change -- been the primary motivation , the Arab League and the Security Council would never have endorsed military intervention .
The UN repeatedly passes resolutions against terrorism , but can not agree on how to define the term .
As each year passes , China 's markets expand worldwide , and its domestic market comes to represent a greater percentage of its own GDP .
By all measures , Beijing 's T3 surpasses London 's T5 .
This pool of reserves surpasses developing countries ' immediate liquidity needs , leading to their increased creation and expansion of sovereign wealth funds , which have an additional level of assets of more than $ 3 trillion .
Hardly a week passes without the Chinese ambassador giving eloquent speeches for different audiences .
This is what the enemy hopes for . Al-Quaeda must be hoping to lure long convoys of American soldiers and their equipment into those high , narrow mountain passes where the Russians were drawn in to their deaths .
The two pillar strategy responds to the fact that we -LRB- still -RRB- lack a model which encompasses both dimensions , the economic or real and the monetary , in a consistent and robust manner .
Changes can always be proposed after a decent interval passes .
Fortunately , larger companies are now less dependent on bank credit than they were in the past , thanks to a well-developed market for commercial paper that in effect bypasses traditional bank loans .
Instead , the wider and deeper historical vision is of a globalization that encompasses the Roman empire and the Song dynasty , and goes back to the globalization of the human species from a common African origin .
The regime in Pyongyang is seeking to ensure that power passes to a third generation of Kims , represented by the pudgy and well-fed `` Dear Young General , '' Kim Jong-un , and appears to believe that provocations such as its bombardment of a South Korean island earlier this year are the way to secure the succession .
So when Kim Jong-il passes from the scene , and political instability meets economic blight , the regime could fall apart .
Though steps toward democracy are possible , when the euphoria of the moment passes , political contenders will realize that , if only in self-defense , they must restrict their opponents ' freedoms .
After 60 years of failures , and as the generation that lived through the Nakbeh passes from the scene , a political settlement that can provide Palestinians with freedom in an independent state alongside a secure Israel and a fair solution of the refugee problem is more necessary -- but also appears less possible -- than ever .
Not everyone passes such a test , particularly when elections are approaching .
Yet , as time passes , one senses the emergence of something like a new French self-definition , which is probably the most clearly `` Western '' in the history of the Fifth Republic .
As a visiting professor at Harvard and MIT , I am getting a good preview of what the world could look like when the crisis finally passes .
This new , decentralized free-market regime currently encompasses only a small part of China 's vast territory , and many Chinese officials still refuse to acknowledge its existence .
This put human rights funding into the National Indicative Program -LRB- NIP -RRB- , which encompasses 17 countries : ten in the south and seven in Eastern Europe .
This is much of what passes for industry in Gaza .
Indeed , the foreign presence in soccer surpasses anything that we see in other areas of international commerce .
The Spence report reflects a broader intellectual shift within the development profession , a shift that encompasses not just growth strategies but also health , education , and other social policies . The traditional policy framework , which the new thinking is gradually replacing , is presumptive rather than diagnostic .
Do n't be surprised if Brazil leaves Turkey in the dust , South Africa eventually surpasses Russia , and India outdoes China .
This is why Obama must adopt a bold diplomatic initiative that encompasses the entire region and help resolve longstanding disputes between Afghanistan 's neighbors . Such an initiative must include a comprehensive regional aid and development package .
Assuming that a plan passes muster , the money to support it would quickly be disbursed .
What passes for American political debate is a contest between the parties to give bigger promises to the middle class , mainly in the form of budget-busting tax cuts at a time when the fiscal deficit is already more than 10 % of GDP .
H.G. Wells was only partly right : the race between morality and destruction encompasses not just war , but economic life as well .
It is possible , for example , to imagine a `` Western world '' -LRB- one that applies Ferguson 's `` killer apps '' -RRB- in which the actual West is no longer the dominant factor : America will simply passes the torch to China , as Britain once did to America .
In the heat of an international crisis , the Security Council passes resolutions to great public fanfare , establishing an official UN `` mandate . ''
After all , the current imbalance in container traffic reflects northern Europe 's economic dynamism , the efficiency of its ports , excellent road and rail infrastructure to connect those ports to virtually all of Europe , and the economies of scale generated by the volume of goods that passes through them .
Indeed , while Latin America 's GDP per capita is lower than the world average , it surpasses all other developing regions , as well as the world average , in the main social indicators .
A major drug route passes from Afghanistan through Central Asia and into Russia and Europe .
Some 80 % of Latin American cocaine reaching the US passes through the country at some point .
She passes under immense billboards on which other women swoon in sexual ecstasy , cavort in lingerie or simply stretch out languorously , almost fully naked .
