This problem can be addressed by permitting shareholders to adopt at the annual meeting binding resolutions concerning corporate political spending .
Toxic Tests CAMBRIDGE -- The United States government is now permitting ten of America 's biggest banks to repay about $ 70 billion of the capital injected into them last fall .
On July 21 , eurozone leaders agreed to make `` more extensive '' use of the new European Financial Stability Facility -LRB- EFSF -RRB- by permitting it to purchase endangered eurozone countries ' debt in secondary markets .
The UN has tried to delimit the scope of self-defense , but it goes too far by permitting states to resort to force only if `` an armed attack occurs . ''
In permitting the murder of people whose only purpose is the preservation of human dignity , Russia is losing its hope for a better future . At the very least , the Russian authorities are failing in the central task of any government : to protect the lives and physical safety of all its citizens .
By not permitting Russia to disintegrate into anarchy or leading it back to authoritarianism , Yeltsin kept the way open for such a leader to one day emerge .
They refused to write a constitution permitting power to be concentrated in the hands of a leader legitimized by the emperor . This would have threatened the position of some of them and led to the oligarchy 's disintegration .
The extension of the basing accord until 2042 was accompanied by an agreement permitting the return of Russian intelligence officers to the Sevastopol base and the termination of Ukraine 's long-term intelligence cooperation with NATO .
One such subsidy is permitting deduction of a fixed percentage of certain expenses from income tax .
Morally , this is no different from permitting the construction of an unsafe dam or knowingly administering a contaminated vaccine .
This does not mean merely permitting comments on an article that is published online ; it means creating more opportunities for citizens to document , record , curate , and edit news from their own communities .
In the early 1990 's , desperately short of hard currency , Nigeria negotiated contracts permitting the oil companies to develop new fields and recoup their investment before sharing profits .
But the dangers of permitting banks to police themselves were made amply clear in the latest crisis .
But I believe that the problem could easily be solved by , say , giving the World Bank an endowment of rich-country bonds and permitting it to expend the interest .
In July , however , the Constitutional Court -- staffed by several justices appointed by Ríos Montt -- ruled in favor of permitting him to participate in the election .
Calling for the modernization of Islam by permitting clerics to reinterpret its laws in light of contemporary conditions is more acceptable .
He persuaded the European Union and the United States to allow continued UN oversight in Kosovo while gradually permitting self-governance -- all without triggering dangerous confrontations with the two states which oppose its breakaway , Serbia and its close ally , Russia .
Regulators permitting , insurance companies will then be able to write policies against loss of home value for individuals , and then will be able protect themselves against the risk to which these policies expose them by taking offsetting positions in the futures or options markets .
For now , it looks very much as if , come 2015 , the world 's leaders will have failed to keep their -LRB- watered-down -RRB- promises . That means that they will be responsible for permitting the needless deaths , every year , of millions of people .
These include permitting high financial access even before a crisis materializes , and allowing disbursements to be more front-loaded .
For decades after independence , Indian governments guaranteed Muslims ' security in a secular state , permitting the retention of Islamic `` personal law '' separate from the country 's civil code and even subsidizing pilgrimages to Mecca .
