But the West 's delay in resolving Kosovo 's status permitted that opposition to gain traction .
France decided to permit a very mild opening of its domestic electricity market the day before the start of formal proceedings against France at the European Court of Justice for infringement of an EU directive .
Four independent TV channels have also been taken over by the state , and no criticism of Putin is permitted in significant media .
Nothing is more fundamental to human security than health , which permits human choice , enables human freedom , and underpins human development .
The benefit is simple : ERM II permits some exchange rate flexibility , as opposed to the fixed rates implied by adopting the euro .
Alongside Hayek , his colleague at the University of Chicago , Friedman launched a more general intellectual assault on Keynesianism , arguing that any government permitted to regulate the economy in the name of equality posed a threat to individual liberty .
So far , Norway has avoided the worst pitfalls of the Dutch disease by using its massive oil revenues to establish a national savings scheme , the Petroleum Fund , which is permitted to invest only in foreign assets .
This problem can be addressed by permitting shareholders to adopt at the annual meeting binding resolutions concerning corporate political spending .
Toxic Tests CAMBRIDGE -- The United States government is now permitting ten of America 's biggest banks to repay about $ 70 billion of the capital injected into them last fall .
Although accounting rules often permit banks to price these assets at face value , it is generally believed that the fundamental value of many toxic assets has fallen significantly below face value .
As long as banks are permitted to operate this way , the banks ' supervisors are betting on the banks ' ability to earn their way out of their current problems -- even if the value of their assets does n't now significantly exceed their liabilities .
The incentives generated by compensation structures determine how firms ' managers behave within the boundaries permitted by such traditional , direct regulations .
Alternatively , an executive wishing to unload equity could be permitted to sell the shares in the market , but only gradually , according to a pre-specified , automatic plan that would be self-executing -LRB- say , one-sixth of the number of shares the executive seeks to sell on the first trading day of each of the subsequent six months -RRB- .
Environmentalists were even permitted to take part in a public hearing on the Tiger Leaping Gorge project , a first for China .
Admittedly , the strategic conditions in the region are far more complex today than they were eight years ago , when Israel 's requirements for a deal with Syria focused mainly on security arrangements on the Golan Heights , and on Syria using its leverage in Lebanon to permit an Israeli settlement with that country .
And , once again , China seemed to be the horse to bet on : it grew faster , because it changed its policy framework much faster than democracy permits .
Since 1995 , there were 26 reforms of migration policies in the EU-15 : two-thirds tightened regulations by increasing procedural obstacles faced by visa applicants , reducing the duration of work permits , or making family reunification more difficult .
They know all too well that whenever a secular and scientific debate has been permitted and encouraged , the general public -- regardless of nationality and religious or political affiliation -- has overwhelmingly expressed itself in favor of stem cell research .
Governments , international organizations and individuals that participate in the London conference must not dismiss the call made by the European Parliament , for it offers a far more workable strategy to promote Afghanistan 's future than the current counter-narcotics policies permit .
That is the strategy the military adopted in 1988 , following the mysterious plane crash that killed former President -LRB- and General -RRB- Mohammed Zia ul-Haq . The army leadership ordered elections , permitted the formation of a civilian government , and then stage-managed the political process from the wings .
So , when technology permits -LRB- and I think it can and will -RRB- , why do n't we work directly on humans ?
Almost nothing else is permitted -- except in the inner sanctum of the rulers themselves .
Moreover , it is harder for Palestinians to demonstrate themselves , because they risk losing their precious residency permits in Jerusalem .
The elected officials will be denied travel permits , workers from isolated Gaza barred from entering Israel , and every effort is being made to block funds to Palestinians .
The election was not over policies , simplistic or not , such as war or peace , lower or higher taxes , more or less public spending , how to combat poverty or create jobs , to permit or prohibit capital punishment , abortion , gay marriage , or whatever .
What 's striking about Ortega 's move is that he is ready to risk so much political capital , not only expelling Lewites from the party but canceling his challenger 's permits to hold political rallies and forbidding him to use Sandinista party symbols .
For example , in 2003 China enacted a law on environmental-impact assessments , which was followed in 2008 by `` provisional measures '' to permit public participation in such assessments .
Chinese companies can not get thousands of prisoners released on their own , let alone secure passports and exit permits for them .
The $ 82 billion `` emergency supplemental '' bill to finance American military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan leaves the United States spending more money on military power than is needed on a yearly basis to permit every child in the world to receive , within one decade , both primary and secondary education .
But will our beloved pig be permitted to put the supreme national interest in jeopardy ?
Meanwhile , the authorities continue their assault on independent media through capricious licensing rules , interrogations , and , on occasion , revoking the permits of reporters for international broadcasters like the Voice of America .
Moreover , the institutions of the federal system do not permit decisions to be made either expeditiously or clearly .
If you were a major emitter in the past , then for the next generation you are given a property right to very valuable emissions permits whose worth will only rise over time .
The problem could be solved once and for all if the ECB were willing to risk the following bargain with governments : if you liberalize product markets and make labor markets flexible , we will reduce interest rates and permit higher spending to fulfill the promise of near-full employment .
Not possessing urban residency permits , they lack even the limited job protections and benefits of workers who do .
The migrants ' predicament underscores the need to reform hukou , China 's system of residency permits .
In a cap-and-trade system , the government sets total allowable national emissions of CO2 per year and requires any firm that causes CO2 emissions to have a permit per ton of CO2 emitted .
If the government sells these permits in an auction , the price of the permit would be a cost to the firm in the same way as a carbon tax -- and with the same resulting increases in consumer prices .
Even if every country has a cap-and-trade system and all aim at the same relative reduction in national CO2 emissions , the resulting permit prices will differ because of national differences in initial CO2 levels and in domestic production characteristics .
Because the price of the CO2 permits in a country is reflected in the prices of its products , the cap-and-trade system affects its international competitiveness .
When the permit prices become large enough to have a significant effect on CO2 emissions , there will be political pressure to introduce tariffs on imports that offset the advantage of countries with low permit prices .
Such offsetting tariffs would have to differ among products -LRB- being higher on more CO2-intensive products -RRB- and among countries -LRB- being higher for countries with low permit prices -RRB- .
Worse still , cap-and-trade systems in practice do not rely solely on auctions to distribute the emissions permits .
The plan working its way through the United States Congress -LRB- the Waxman-Markey bill -RRB- would initially give away 85 % of the permits , impose a complex set of regulatory policies , and allow companies to buy CO2 offsets -LRB- e.g. , by paying for the planting of trees -RRB- instead of reducing their emissions or buying permits .
But , instead of raising revenue by auctioning the emission permits , Obama has agreed to distribute them without charge to favored industries in order to attract enough congressional votes .
The excess of national saving over investment not only permits Japan to be a capital exporter , but also contributes -- along with the mild deflation that Japan continues to experience -- to the low level of Japanese long-term interest rates .
Although the Stability and Growth Pact may be elastic enough to permit some deficit stimulus , a country may feel constrained from acting as aggressively as it wants .
The essential defect of the NPT is now visible in the nuclear dispute between Iran and the United Nations Security Council : the Treaty permits the development of all nuclear components indispensable for military use -- particularly uranium enrichment -- so long as there is no outright nuclear weapons program .
The permanent danger of overstretching the country 's internal political structures is unlikely to permit any imperial foreign-policy role .
Also , can China really permit strong sanctions against its neighbor , a regime fighting for survival , one equipped with nuclear arms and missiles , and a humanitarian disaster of the highest order among its population ?
Despite the NPT , a clear separation between civilian and military use of nuclear energy has n't always worked , or worked completely , because the NPT 's rules permit all signatory states to develop and use -- under international supervision -- all of the components of the nuclear fuel cycle for civilian purposes .
On July 21 , eurozone leaders agreed to make `` more extensive '' use of the new European Financial Stability Facility -LRB- EFSF -RRB- by permitting it to purchase endangered eurozone countries ' debt in secondary markets .
The UN has tried to delimit the scope of self-defense , but it goes too far by permitting states to resort to force only if `` an armed attack occurs . ''
But this unusual procedure , permitted in the military commissions , runs afoul of accepted canons of federal , Constitutional , and international law .
A recent revision of that decision permits banks to repossess homes , but only if they help arrange alternative lower-cost housing -- an administrative nightmare for lenders , particularly if a lot of people start defaulting at the same time .
Such a scheme should include a `` point system '' for selecting applicants for residence and work permits , which would assign each applicant a score based on objective criteria , typically including language ability , education , and experience .
Néstor Kirchner , Cristina 's husband and Argentina 's current president , did not want to run for office again , despite being legally permitted to do so and voters ' preference for him over her .
More fundamentally , reducing US involvement in Iraq and Afghanistan will permit a rebalancing of US foreign and defense policy .
In permitting the murder of people whose only purpose is the preservation of human dignity , Russia is losing its hope for a better future . At the very least , the Russian authorities are failing in the central task of any government : to protect the lives and physical safety of all its citizens .
It is always risky to speculate about hidden motives ; nevertheless , systematic disparagement of Israeli society and culture undoubtedly encourages the sense that anti-Semitism , too , is a permitted prejudice .
Musharraf can not permit the mullahs to become too strong .
Iraqis can not become permanent residents , and they do not have work permits or access to public health services .
Investment by both the public and private sector permitted Estonia to reach by the mid-1990 's a level of IT that was above the EU average .
America has made too many policy mistakes , US forces are too closely associated with an unpopular and incompetent occupation , and , until recently , their tactics have been too thuggish to permit talk of a permanent presence .
In most cases , the forbidden CFC 's have been labeled as permitted HFC 's -LRB- hydrogenfluorocarbons -RRB- , but labels like `` spray paint '' and `` lubricants '' also have been used .
This means that what is banned in one country is permitted elsewhere .
The Germans , responding to the understandable public backlash against taxpayer-financed bailouts for banks and indebted countries , are sensibly calling for mechanisms to permit `` wider burden sharing '' -- meaning losses for creditors .
Thus , the treaty unfortunately permits any signatory to acquire the most important facilities needed for making atomic bombs .
As a result , the sale or supply of used or new surface combat vessels by the Japan Coast Guard or even Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force -LRB- JMSDF -RRB- to ASEAN countries , say , Malaysia , Indonesia or Singapore , to help them fight maritime terrorism and piracy more effectively will now likely be permitted .
But reformists ask : if the Supreme Leader does not even permit the Khatami faction to have a newspaper , would he really have allowed Khatami to become president ?
True , his democratic Russia was permitted some role in global diplomacy .
By not permitting Russia to disintegrate into anarchy or leading it back to authoritarianism , Yeltsin kept the way open for such a leader to one day emerge .
Only such an understanding can permit a start to the groundwork needed for a political resolution that can permanently end both the siege of Gaza and the occupation of Palestinian lands .
Previous talks have included an allowance for land exchanges , which would permit Israel to keep many large settlement blocks by giving land inside Israel to the Palestinians .
They refused to write a constitution permitting power to be concentrated in the hands of a leader legitimized by the emperor . This would have threatened the position of some of them and led to the oligarchy 's disintegration .
The extension of the basing accord until 2042 was accompanied by an agreement permitting the return of Russian intelligence officers to the Sevastopol base and the termination of Ukraine 's long-term intelligence cooperation with NATO .
While barbers , hairdressers , taxi drivers , bar owners , and doctors are often licensed , permits are rarely required to operate a tanning parlor .
Corruption is difficult to reduce drastically so long as politicians and bureaucrats have much `` to sell '' to firms and individuals -- including rationed loans from public-sector banks and regulatory permits of various types .
Broader use of rapid diagnostics will permit more effective treatment for flu cases at risk of developing serious complications .
But China 's rulers permit discussion of the Cultural Revolution only within this official framework , suppressing any and all unofficial reflections .
And politicians would have an opportunity to control the number and distribution of emission permits and the flow of billions of dollars in subsidies and sweeteners .
The all-covering burqa ensures sufficient anonymity to permit women a certain amount of freedom in public space .
If rich countries introduce domestic carbon taxes or auction emissions permits based on this price level , they could potentially provide $ 30 billion a year for developing countries by using just 10 % of the revenues .
One such subsidy is permitting deduction of a fixed percentage of certain expenses from income tax .
They must not be permitted to decide games of utmost importance in an arbitrary manner that need never be explained to anyone .
These leaders are less concerned with the reform agenda than with promoting patriotism among Japanese youth , upgrading the Defense Agency to a ministry , and enacting a law to permit a referendum to revise the pacifist constitution .
Forgetting permits us to transcend details and generalize , to see the forest and not just the trees .
Nor should good overall results be permitted to mask problems in particular areas -- public procurement , for example , which accounts for between 15 % and 20 % of Europe 's GDP .
While the Nice Treaty does not permit re-structuring the Governing Council , it does allow for change in the voting rule that the Council uses .
That silence lasted until 1961 , when Khrushchev permitted new revelations of Stalin-era crimes .
Natural monopolies are sometimes economically desirable , and it is legislators , not judges , who should decide whether and when they are to be permitted .
A stop-gap measure that permits firms to hire workers for temporary assignments , on condition that they not be renewed , condemns the least skilled to a demoralizing cycle of short-term jobs and repeated spells of unemployment .
In the category of living donations , we first permitted only directed donations by relatives and non-directed donations by non-relatives .
The time has come for a new EU industrial-policy framework that would permit Brussels to use its `` honest broker '' status to manage competing interests .
Rather than creating a uniform , predictable , and scientifically sound framework for effectively managing legitimate risks , the bio-safety protocol establishes an ill-defined global regulatory process that permits overly risk-averse , incompetent , or corrupt regulators to hide behind the precautionary principle in delaying or deferring approvals .
They are aided by radical , environmental non-governmental organizations -LRB- NGOs -RRB- , which are permitted to participate in Codex meetings , and which are ideologically opposed to new technology .
Morally , this is no different from permitting the construction of an unsafe dam or knowingly administering a contaminated vaccine .
If a country exceeds its level of emissions , it must buy additional credits from other countries that achieve emissions lower than their permitted levels .
The ultimate guarantee of harmony was the ruler 's justness , which permitted him to enjoy the `` mandate of heaven '' ; the people had a right , indeed an obligation , to rebel against a tyrant .
Yet , contrary to the practice in other international and hybrid war crimes courts , local law permits only Cambodian lawyers to represent the accused .
But pragmatism has its limits , particularly when it permits dangerous situations to fester .
While not entirely addressing the flaws in the design , the new situation -- with the strongest political figure heading the executive branch -- will permit more effective performance by the government , which is still battling to recover from Putin 's administrative reforms of 2004 .
The law would permit marital rape , limit women 's movements -- say , for work or study -- without male permission , and even make it illegal for a woman to refuse to dress as her husband wishes .
This does not mean merely permitting comments on an article that is published online ; it means creating more opportunities for citizens to document , record , curate , and edit news from their own communities .
Self defense is permitted under Article 51 of the UN Charter , and pre-emptive self defense may be necessary when a terrorist organization presents a strong or imminent threat .
While any definition of terrorism has problems at the margins , the core of terrorism is clear enough to permit efforts to de-legitimize it .
China permitted demonstrations , sometimes violent , against Japanese consulates in protest of changes in Japanese textbooks that softened descriptions of Japan 's invasion in the 1930 's .
In June , after the United States pressured Israel to allow Fulbright scholarship winners to leave the Gaza Strip , the Israeli military announced that it would grant exit permits for a few more students with `` recognized '' scholarships -- but not `` hundreds . ''
In the early 1990 's , desperately short of hard currency , Nigeria negotiated contracts permitting the oil companies to develop new fields and recoup their investment before sharing profits .
No raw materials , which would allow the revival of Gaza 's commerce and industry , are permitted .
As a practical step , the EU and its member states should offer 30,000 visas and work permits annually for graduates from participating Mediterranean countries .
Unfortunately , Kenya 's government listened and did not permit their farmers to grow genetically modified -LRB- GM -RRB- maize , even though it has been approved , sown , harvested , and eaten by both humans and animals in South Africa , Argentina , Brazil , the United States , and other countries for many years .
Although Kenya has a well-functioning and well-funded agricultural research system , the government has not even permitted field tests of GM crop varieties .
Lastly , some argue that if farmers are permitted to sow GM varieties , they become dependent on large seed producers such as Monsanto , which have patent protection -- and thus a monopoly -- on the seed .
But , in comparing groups , it is permitted to use an individual 's status as member of an under-represented minority in his or her favor .
The `` Rose Revolution '' must not be permitted to die on the vine .
Doubters need only recall the unwillingness of Secretary General after Secretary General , from U Thant to Kofi Annan , to meet with -- or , in some cases , even to permit on the UN 's premises -- victims of human rights violations who had the misfortune of being born in powerful countries .
Grave human rights abuses , ethnic cleansing , and genocide would no longer be permitted .
I refused to accept the invitation from the president of the Human Rights Council at the time , Ambassador Martin Uhomoibhi of Nigeria , to lead the investigation following the Human Rights Council 's January 12 , 2009 resolution . As a former UN High Commissioner for Human Rights , I felt strongly that the Council 's resolution was one-sided and did not permit a balanced approach to determining the situation on the ground .
But he was able to work with the Council 's president to secure an agreement he felt confident would permit the mandate to be interpreted in such a way as to allow his team to address the actions taken by both parties to the conflict .
To deepen this set of our values , to test to what extent they are shared is the necessary condition for generating new values and for giving our Union the identity and cohesion that will one day permit us to propose Europe 's secular values to the rest of the world .
The first three decades after 1945 were governed by the Bretton Woods consensus -- a shallow multilateralism that permitted policymakers to focus on domestic social and employment needs while enabling global trade to recover and flourish .
The G-20 promised to triple the Fund 's lending capacity -LRB- from $ 250 billion to $ 750 billion -RRB- , issue $ 250 billion of new Special Drawing Rights -LRB- a reserve asset made up of a basket of major currencies -RRB- , and permit the Fund to borrow in capital markets -LRB- which it has never done -RRB- if necessary .
But the dangers of permitting banks to police themselves were made amply clear in the latest crisis .
But I believe that the problem could easily be solved by , say , giving the World Bank an endowment of rich-country bonds and permitting it to expend the interest .
Some argue passionately that now is no time to worry about future debt problems , but , in my view , any realistic assessment of the medium-term risks does not permit us simply to dismiss such concerns .
In theory , the Philippine authorities should have exercised their regulatory oversight with far more diligence . Instead , Manila port officials and the Philippine coast guard permitted the Princess of the Stars to set sail , despite clear warnings by the weather bureau that the ship was headed for the eye of the typhoon .
In July , however , the Constitutional Court -- staffed by several justices appointed by Ríos Montt -- ruled in favor of permitting him to participate in the election .
However , the possibility that rapid growth might generate higher inflation in fast-growing accession countries suggests that a slight increase in the permitted inflation margin - to , say , 2.5 percentage points - should be allowed .
Calling for the modernization of Islam by permitting clerics to reinterpret its laws in light of contemporary conditions is more acceptable .
Ironically , Susan Mubarak , says the report , urged the passage of a 1992 law that permitted Egyptian non-governmental organizations to receive foreign funds -- a provision used by some opposition groups -- in order to provide channels for the NGO 's she runs .
The process will take decades , but we must start now and act on a global basis , using carbon taxes and emission permits to create market-based incentives for companies and individuals to make the necessary changes .
Such areas not only permit the regeneration of species , but also provide ecological benefits that spill over to neighboring unprotected areas .
In almost all of the rich-country proposals about targets , limits , commitments , and permits for greenhouse gases , there is hardly a word about helping poor countries to finance the transition to sustainable technologies .
Sure , their states need some extra help , but narrow interests should not be permitted to endanger our planet 's future .
Impoverished communities are cheering the prospect of a rapid ramp-up in girls ' education , if meager resources permit .
The promise was not lost on the national government . The education minister committed to scale up education nationally as rapidly as resources would permit .
Because bidding and private buying would not be permitted , available organs would be distributed to the next in line -- not just to the wealthy .
The reaction of China 's leaders to the America 's accidental attack on China 's embassy in Belgrade in 1998 , and to the collision of an American spy plane with a Chinese plane over the Pacific , was to permit , if not foment , large anti-foreign demonstrations .
But , just as Bank of America 's current $ 2.5 billion bid for a stake in the China Construction Bank raises no objections among US politicians , China , too must be permitted to invest abroad freely .
He persuaded the European Union and the United States to allow continued UN oversight in Kosovo while gradually permitting self-governance -- all without triggering dangerous confrontations with the two states which oppose its breakaway , Serbia and its close ally , Russia .
Indeed , in my view , democracy is not only permitted by Islam , but can be regarded as a religious rule .
The logic of Russia 's presidential regime dictates that only the leader is permitted to control political institutions .
Regulators permitting , insurance companies will then be able to write policies against loss of home value for individuals , and then will be able protect themselves against the risk to which these policies expose them by taking offsetting positions in the futures or options markets .
No central bank would permit deflation for long , and the current level of inflation probably represents the lower boundary that most monetary authorities consider acceptable .
The lesson is clear : even high-class businesses are only as professional as the existing institutional infrastructure permits them to be .
The effect on underlying financial markets ' volatility may not even be the right question to consider in deciding whether to permit new derivative products .
But only in the Netherlands , Belgium , Switzerland , and the American state of Oregon are physicians permitted to assist a patient in ending his or her life by means other than withdrawing life-sustaining medical treatment .
Training at high altitude is permitted , though it gives those athletes who can do it an edge over competitors who must train at sea level .
In Saudi Arabia , women are not even permitted to drive a car , let alone vote .
That still fails to explain why an all-powerful and all-good god would permit it .
Several major cities and many local governments around the world do not permit circuses with wild animals .
People relate to each other in new ways , posing questions about how we should respond to people when all that we know about them is what we have learned through a medium that permits all kinds of anonymity and deception .
For now , it looks very much as if , come 2015 , the world 's leaders will have failed to keep their -LRB- watered-down -RRB- promises . That means that they will be responsible for permitting the needless deaths , every year , of millions of people .
This , it argued , was `` fair use '' -- and thus permitted under copyright laws in the same way that one may quote a sentence or two from a book for the purpose of a review or discussion .
The easiest way to keep the debt\/GDP ratio under control would be to implement a staggered deficit criterion that reduces the permitted public-finance deficit to less than 3 % for countries whose debt\/GDP ratio exceeds 60 % and raises the deficit ceiling above 3 % for countries whose debt\/GDP ratio is below this level .
According to the German Constitution , the German states -LRB- or Länder -RRB- will not be permitted any budget deficit after 2020 , and must already pursue fiscal consolidation in order to meet that goal .
According to the directive , every EU citizen has the right to a residence permit for up to five years in any member state , followed by the right to permanent residence .
The directive contains safeguards to limit potential abuse of welfare-state benefits during the first five years , including proof of health insurance coverage and a requirement that sufficient `` resources '' be shown when a residence permit of up to five years is requested .
According to the directive 's preamble , the state can not cite insufficient assets as a reason to refuse a residence permit , as this would be inadmissible discrimination .
If he becomes indigent after receiving a residence permit , he can not automatically be returned to his home country , as was possible before .
Nor can the duration of the residence permit be shortened simply because the immigrant claims welfare assistance .
This solution would not only permit the much-needed administrative reforms to be implemented ; it would also bring clarity and transparency to a process that is in great need of improvement .
Although its guiding principles have not been enshrined in a constitution , even this may be appropriate to an open society because , as Popper argued , our imperfect understanding does not permit permanent and eternally valid definitions of social arrangements .
One great advantage of SDRs is that they permit the international creation of money , which is particularly useful at times like the present .
Germany and the other eurozone members with AAA ratings will have to decide whether they are willing to risk their own credit to permit Spain and Italy to refinance their bonds at reasonable interest rates .
So the object of international law is not to ban `` unjust '' wars and permit `` just '' ones , but to assure that wars are waged for limited aims , so that they do n't rage out of control .
But urbanization faces another obstacle : the hukou system of residency permits , which restricts mobility and bars migrants -LRB- an estimated 200 million people -RRB- from becoming full-status urban citizens .
These include permitting high financial access even before a crisis materializes , and allowing disbursements to be more front-loaded .
Today , given the importance of exports to China 's economy , its government is reluctant to permit a major revaluation , despite strong pressure by foreign governments to allow the renminbi to appreciate in line with the country 's huge trade surplus .
So Indians place their trust in international diplomacy and watch , with ill-disguised wistfulness , as Israel does what they could never permit themselves to do .
At every election , someone `` discovers '' a new chemical that will remove the stain and permit one to vote twice , though this is unlikely to make a great difference in constituencies the size of India 's , where each MP represents more than two million people .
The European Union 's agricultural subsidies , for example , are high enough to permit every cow in Europe to fly business class around the world .
For decades after independence , Indian governments guaranteed Muslims ' security in a secular state , permitting the retention of Islamic `` personal law '' separate from the country 's civil code and even subsidizing pilgrimages to Mecca .
The court judgment gives two-thirds of the disputed site to two Hindu organizations , and one-third to Muslims , which suggests a solution that might permit the construction of both a mosque and a temple on the same site .
For example , India permits all religions to flourish while ensuring that none is privileged by the state .
It provided refuge to the Dalai Lama when he fled Chinese occupation of Tibet in 1959 , granted asylum -LRB- and eventually Indian citizenship -RRB- to more than 110,000 Tibetan refugees , and permitted them to create a government-in-exile -LRB- albeit one that India does not recognize -RRB- in the picturesque Himalayan hill town of Dharamsala .
He is simultaneously the most visible spiritual leader of a worldwide community of believers , a role that India honors , and a political leader , a role that India permits but rejects in its own dealings with him .
One possible solution would be to permit member states to issue debt as eurobonds up to , say , 60 % of GDP , and to require them to be individually responsible for any debt exceeding that level .
The Caesar Temptation BUENOS AIRES -- On June 28 a coup deposed Honduran President Manuel Zelaya , ending his attempt to hold a referendum that would permit his re-election .
In fact , to the extent that developing countries permit higher prices to go to their farmers , the result could be a significant stimulus to economic growth in rural regions of developing countries -- where most of the world 's poor live .
Few North Koreans are permitted to visit Pyongyang , their country 's capital , whereas millions of Chinese travel and study abroad each year .
Today 's global war against terrorism permits this approach to be modified to create new divisions .
The Outer Space Treaty bans placing nuclear weapons in orbit , on celestial bodies , or stationing `` such weapons in outer space in any other manner , '' but may be interpreted to permit their one-time use .
These discussions are occurring on a bilateral basis , between Russia and the US , and multilaterally , within the context of the so-called P-5 talks , which involve all five permanent United Nations Security Council members -- the only countries that the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty legally permits to retain nuclear weapons pending universal disarmament .
The idea was to permit countries whose official dollar holdings were larger than they were comfortable with to convert dollars into SDRs . Conversion would occur outside the market , and thus would not put downward pressure on the dollar .
Skyscrapers rise out of the desert , yet women are not permitted to ride with men in their lifts .
But , despite past US administrations ' opportunity to make their influence felt , they preferred to permit Israel , an allied , friendly state , to do what it wanted .
Western governments also could permit charitable foundations to provide North Korean officials or students with scholarships to study abroad and learn how to run a market economy .
