But the West 's delay in resolving Kosovo 's status permitted that opposition to gain traction .
Four independent TV channels have also been taken over by the state , and no criticism of Putin is permitted in significant media .
Alongside Hayek , his colleague at the University of Chicago , Friedman launched a more general intellectual assault on Keynesianism , arguing that any government permitted to regulate the economy in the name of equality posed a threat to individual liberty .
So far , Norway has avoided the worst pitfalls of the Dutch disease by using its massive oil revenues to establish a national savings scheme , the Petroleum Fund , which is permitted to invest only in foreign assets .
As long as banks are permitted to operate this way , the banks ' supervisors are betting on the banks ' ability to earn their way out of their current problems -- even if the value of their assets does n't now significantly exceed their liabilities .
The incentives generated by compensation structures determine how firms ' managers behave within the boundaries permitted by such traditional , direct regulations .
Alternatively , an executive wishing to unload equity could be permitted to sell the shares in the market , but only gradually , according to a pre-specified , automatic plan that would be self-executing -LRB- say , one-sixth of the number of shares the executive seeks to sell on the first trading day of each of the subsequent six months -RRB- .
Environmentalists were even permitted to take part in a public hearing on the Tiger Leaping Gorge project , a first for China .
They know all too well that whenever a secular and scientific debate has been permitted and encouraged , the general public -- regardless of nationality and religious or political affiliation -- has overwhelmingly expressed itself in favor of stem cell research .
That is the strategy the military adopted in 1988 , following the mysterious plane crash that killed former President -LRB- and General -RRB- Mohammed Zia ul-Haq . The army leadership ordered elections , permitted the formation of a civilian government , and then stage-managed the political process from the wings .
Almost nothing else is permitted -- except in the inner sanctum of the rulers themselves .
But will our beloved pig be permitted to put the supreme national interest in jeopardy ?
But this unusual procedure , permitted in the military commissions , runs afoul of accepted canons of federal , Constitutional , and international law .
Néstor Kirchner , Cristina 's husband and Argentina 's current president , did not want to run for office again , despite being legally permitted to do so and voters ' preference for him over her .
It is always risky to speculate about hidden motives ; nevertheless , systematic disparagement of Israeli society and culture undoubtedly encourages the sense that anti-Semitism , too , is a permitted prejudice .
Investment by both the public and private sector permitted Estonia to reach by the mid-1990 's a level of IT that was above the EU average .
In most cases , the forbidden CFC 's have been labeled as permitted HFC 's -LRB- hydrogenfluorocarbons -RRB- , but labels like `` spray paint '' and `` lubricants '' also have been used .
This means that what is banned in one country is permitted elsewhere .
As a result , the sale or supply of used or new surface combat vessels by the Japan Coast Guard or even Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force -LRB- JMSDF -RRB- to ASEAN countries , say , Malaysia , Indonesia or Singapore , to help them fight maritime terrorism and piracy more effectively will now likely be permitted .
True , his democratic Russia was permitted some role in global diplomacy .
They must not be permitted to decide games of utmost importance in an arbitrary manner that need never be explained to anyone .
Nor should good overall results be permitted to mask problems in particular areas -- public procurement , for example , which accounts for between 15 % and 20 % of Europe 's GDP .
That silence lasted until 1961 , when Khrushchev permitted new revelations of Stalin-era crimes .
Natural monopolies are sometimes economically desirable , and it is legislators , not judges , who should decide whether and when they are to be permitted .
In the category of living donations , we first permitted only directed donations by relatives and non-directed donations by non-relatives .
They are aided by radical , environmental non-governmental organizations -LRB- NGOs -RRB- , which are permitted to participate in Codex meetings , and which are ideologically opposed to new technology .
If a country exceeds its level of emissions , it must buy additional credits from other countries that achieve emissions lower than their permitted levels .
The ultimate guarantee of harmony was the ruler 's justness , which permitted him to enjoy the `` mandate of heaven '' ; the people had a right , indeed an obligation , to rebel against a tyrant .
Self defense is permitted under Article 51 of the UN Charter , and pre-emptive self defense may be necessary when a terrorist organization presents a strong or imminent threat .
China permitted demonstrations , sometimes violent , against Japanese consulates in protest of changes in Japanese textbooks that softened descriptions of Japan 's invasion in the 1930 's .
No raw materials , which would allow the revival of Gaza 's commerce and industry , are permitted .
Although Kenya has a well-functioning and well-funded agricultural research system , the government has not even permitted field tests of GM crop varieties .
Lastly , some argue that if farmers are permitted to sow GM varieties , they become dependent on large seed producers such as Monsanto , which have patent protection -- and thus a monopoly -- on the seed .
But , in comparing groups , it is permitted to use an individual 's status as member of an under-represented minority in his or her favor .
The `` Rose Revolution '' must not be permitted to die on the vine .
Grave human rights abuses , ethnic cleansing , and genocide would no longer be permitted .
The first three decades after 1945 were governed by the Bretton Woods consensus -- a shallow multilateralism that permitted policymakers to focus on domestic social and employment needs while enabling global trade to recover and flourish .
In theory , the Philippine authorities should have exercised their regulatory oversight with far more diligence . Instead , Manila port officials and the Philippine coast guard permitted the Princess of the Stars to set sail , despite clear warnings by the weather bureau that the ship was headed for the eye of the typhoon .
However , the possibility that rapid growth might generate higher inflation in fast-growing accession countries suggests that a slight increase in the permitted inflation margin - to , say , 2.5 percentage points - should be allowed .
Ironically , Susan Mubarak , says the report , urged the passage of a 1992 law that permitted Egyptian non-governmental organizations to receive foreign funds -- a provision used by some opposition groups -- in order to provide channels for the NGO 's she runs .
Sure , their states need some extra help , but narrow interests should not be permitted to endanger our planet 's future .
Because bidding and private buying would not be permitted , available organs would be distributed to the next in line -- not just to the wealthy .
But , just as Bank of America 's current $ 2.5 billion bid for a stake in the China Construction Bank raises no objections among US politicians , China , too must be permitted to invest abroad freely .
Indeed , in my view , democracy is not only permitted by Islam , but can be regarded as a religious rule .
The logic of Russia 's presidential regime dictates that only the leader is permitted to control political institutions .
But only in the Netherlands , Belgium , Switzerland , and the American state of Oregon are physicians permitted to assist a patient in ending his or her life by means other than withdrawing life-sustaining medical treatment .
Training at high altitude is permitted , though it gives those athletes who can do it an edge over competitors who must train at sea level .
In Saudi Arabia , women are not even permitted to drive a car , let alone vote .
This , it argued , was `` fair use '' -- and thus permitted under copyright laws in the same way that one may quote a sentence or two from a book for the purpose of a review or discussion .
The easiest way to keep the debt\/GDP ratio under control would be to implement a staggered deficit criterion that reduces the permitted public-finance deficit to less than 3 % for countries whose debt\/GDP ratio exceeds 60 % and raises the deficit ceiling above 3 % for countries whose debt\/GDP ratio is below this level .
According to the German Constitution , the German states -LRB- or Länder -RRB- will not be permitted any budget deficit after 2020 , and must already pursue fiscal consolidation in order to meet that goal .
It provided refuge to the Dalai Lama when he fled Chinese occupation of Tibet in 1959 , granted asylum -LRB- and eventually Indian citizenship -RRB- to more than 110,000 Tibetan refugees , and permitted them to create a government-in-exile -LRB- albeit one that India does not recognize -RRB- in the picturesque Himalayan hill town of Dharamsala .
Few North Koreans are permitted to visit Pyongyang , their country 's capital , whereas millions of Chinese travel and study abroad each year .
Skyscrapers rise out of the desert , yet women are not permitted to ride with men in their lifts .
