Nothing is more fundamental to human security than health , which permits human choice , enables human freedom , and underpins human development .
The benefit is simple : ERM II permits some exchange rate flexibility , as opposed to the fixed rates implied by adopting the euro .
And , once again , China seemed to be the horse to bet on : it grew faster , because it changed its policy framework much faster than democracy permits .
Since 1995 , there were 26 reforms of migration policies in the EU-15 : two-thirds tightened regulations by increasing procedural obstacles faced by visa applicants , reducing the duration of work permits , or making family reunification more difficult .
So , when technology permits -LRB- and I think it can and will -RRB- , why do n't we work directly on humans ?
Moreover , it is harder for Palestinians to demonstrate themselves , because they risk losing their precious residency permits in Jerusalem .
The elected officials will be denied travel permits , workers from isolated Gaza barred from entering Israel , and every effort is being made to block funds to Palestinians .
What 's striking about Ortega 's move is that he is ready to risk so much political capital , not only expelling Lewites from the party but canceling his challenger 's permits to hold political rallies and forbidding him to use Sandinista party symbols .
Chinese companies can not get thousands of prisoners released on their own , let alone secure passports and exit permits for them .
Meanwhile , the authorities continue their assault on independent media through capricious licensing rules , interrogations , and , on occasion , revoking the permits of reporters for international broadcasters like the Voice of America .
If you were a major emitter in the past , then for the next generation you are given a property right to very valuable emissions permits whose worth will only rise over time .
Not possessing urban residency permits , they lack even the limited job protections and benefits of workers who do .
The migrants ' predicament underscores the need to reform hukou , China 's system of residency permits .
If the government sells these permits in an auction , the price of the permit would be a cost to the firm in the same way as a carbon tax -- and with the same resulting increases in consumer prices .
Because the price of the CO2 permits in a country is reflected in the prices of its products , the cap-and-trade system affects its international competitiveness .
Worse still , cap-and-trade systems in practice do not rely solely on auctions to distribute the emissions permits .
The plan working its way through the United States Congress -LRB- the Waxman-Markey bill -RRB- would initially give away 85 % of the permits , impose a complex set of regulatory policies , and allow companies to buy CO2 offsets -LRB- e.g. , by paying for the planting of trees -RRB- instead of reducing their emissions or buying permits .
But , instead of raising revenue by auctioning the emission permits , Obama has agreed to distribute them without charge to favored industries in order to attract enough congressional votes .
The excess of national saving over investment not only permits Japan to be a capital exporter , but also contributes -- along with the mild deflation that Japan continues to experience -- to the low level of Japanese long-term interest rates .
The essential defect of the NPT is now visible in the nuclear dispute between Iran and the United Nations Security Council : the Treaty permits the development of all nuclear components indispensable for military use -- particularly uranium enrichment -- so long as there is no outright nuclear weapons program .
A recent revision of that decision permits banks to repossess homes , but only if they help arrange alternative lower-cost housing -- an administrative nightmare for lenders , particularly if a lot of people start defaulting at the same time .
Such a scheme should include a `` point system '' for selecting applicants for residence and work permits , which would assign each applicant a score based on objective criteria , typically including language ability , education , and experience .
Iraqis can not become permanent residents , and they do not have work permits or access to public health services .
Thus , the treaty unfortunately permits any signatory to acquire the most important facilities needed for making atomic bombs .
While barbers , hairdressers , taxi drivers , bar owners , and doctors are often licensed , permits are rarely required to operate a tanning parlor .
Corruption is difficult to reduce drastically so long as politicians and bureaucrats have much `` to sell '' to firms and individuals -- including rationed loans from public-sector banks and regulatory permits of various types .
And politicians would have an opportunity to control the number and distribution of emission permits and the flow of billions of dollars in subsidies and sweeteners .
If rich countries introduce domestic carbon taxes or auction emissions permits based on this price level , they could potentially provide $ 30 billion a year for developing countries by using just 10 % of the revenues .
Forgetting permits us to transcend details and generalize , to see the forest and not just the trees .
A stop-gap measure that permits firms to hire workers for temporary assignments , on condition that they not be renewed , condemns the least skilled to a demoralizing cycle of short-term jobs and repeated spells of unemployment .
Rather than creating a uniform , predictable , and scientifically sound framework for effectively managing legitimate risks , the bio-safety protocol establishes an ill-defined global regulatory process that permits overly risk-averse , incompetent , or corrupt regulators to hide behind the precautionary principle in delaying or deferring approvals .
Yet , contrary to the practice in other international and hybrid war crimes courts , local law permits only Cambodian lawyers to represent the accused .
But pragmatism has its limits , particularly when it permits dangerous situations to fester .
In June , after the United States pressured Israel to allow Fulbright scholarship winners to leave the Gaza Strip , the Israeli military announced that it would grant exit permits for a few more students with `` recognized '' scholarships -- but not `` hundreds . ''
As a practical step , the EU and its member states should offer 30,000 visas and work permits annually for graduates from participating Mediterranean countries .
The process will take decades , but we must start now and act on a global basis , using carbon taxes and emission permits to create market-based incentives for companies and individuals to make the necessary changes .
In almost all of the rich-country proposals about targets , limits , commitments , and permits for greenhouse gases , there is hardly a word about helping poor countries to finance the transition to sustainable technologies .
The lesson is clear : even high-class businesses are only as professional as the existing institutional infrastructure permits them to be .
People relate to each other in new ways , posing questions about how we should respond to people when all that we know about them is what we have learned through a medium that permits all kinds of anonymity and deception .
But urbanization faces another obstacle : the hukou system of residency permits , which restricts mobility and bars migrants -LRB- an estimated 200 million people -RRB- from becoming full-status urban citizens .
For example , India permits all religions to flourish while ensuring that none is privileged by the state .
He is simultaneously the most visible spiritual leader of a worldwide community of believers , a role that India honors , and a political leader , a role that India permits but rejects in its own dealings with him .
Today 's global war against terrorism permits this approach to be modified to create new divisions .
These discussions are occurring on a bilateral basis , between Russia and the US , and multilaterally , within the context of the so-called P-5 talks , which involve all five permanent United Nations Security Council members -- the only countries that the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty legally permits to retain nuclear weapons pending universal disarmament .
