Indeed , she even persuaded other important political leaders to participate in the planned January 8 election , which she viewed as an opportunity to challenge religious extremist forces in the public square .
He successfully persuaded Palestinian militants to hold their fire and show Israelis and the world that dismantling settlements need not involve Israeli-Palestinian violence .
Such an assessment requires acknowledging that the election was far from flawless : Hamas and Islamic Jihad boycotted the poll , and Marwan Barghouti , a fellow Fatah member with Abbas and the one candidate who could seriously have challenged him , was ungently persuaded by the movement 's leadership to withdraw his candidacy in order to present a unified front .
Instead , people must be persuaded to accept such authority , giving rise to something like a religious market .
Russia must be persuaded to confirm -- explicitly and formally -- the right of the Baltics , on their own , to choose their allies .
Resistance to sanctions from Russia , China , and France has persuaded US officials to `` allow more time for diplomacy '' before pushing for punitive action in the Security Council .
Sunnis must be persuaded that neither their minority status nor former membership in Saddam Hussein 's Ba'ath Party will exclude them from political and economic life .
But Russian noblemen with timber interests in Korea persuaded the Tsar to resist .
Citizens must be persuaded that the reasons -LRB- especially for preemptive action -RRB- stand up to scrutiny .
Prime Minister Berlusconi has persuaded the Italian Parliament to pass legislation which primarily benefits him and his business interests .
While some still believe that the taxpaying public might be persuaded to spend an additional `` penny in the pound '' -LRB- i.e. , 1 % of tax -RRB- of income tax to keep higher education going , most know that this path can be ruled out for general economic as well as political reasons .
The US , moreover , should actively seek a path back to the Six Party Talks , resisting both the fatalistic idea that North Korea can never be persuaded to roll back its nuclear program and the dangerous notion of simply waiting for the North Korean regime to come begging , if not collapse .
The more people who are persuaded that they have a disorder that can be medicated , the more medication the company can sell .
The men at the barricades were persuaded to leave their stronghold ; the insurrectionary leaders were either detained or escaped to Spain .
Not just governments , but religious and other leaders need to be persuaded to denounce terror , shaming and de-legitimizing those who carry it out .
The best outcome would be one in which Iran was persuaded to freeze or suspend its nuclear efforts or , better yet , give up an independent capability to enrich uranium .
Fortunately , the government was not persuaded .
Determined to outbid Gorbachev as a reformer , he persuaded liberals to overcome their distrust of his provincial manners .
According to this view , Netanyahu 's right-wing coalition might be persuaded to accept the continuation of the partial settlement freeze , but only if the Israeli public sees President Mahmoud Abbas and Netanyahu publicly engaged in negotiations .
The political community of the 1950 's that France had persuaded its five European partners to accept was supposed to absorb both the European Coal and Steel Community and the EDC .
This issue aside , I have never been persuaded that capital requirements on trading books should be materially lower than for those on banking books .
Of course , diehard anti-Americans will never be persuaded , but they remain a minority , with the possible exception of the Muslim world .
But can China be persuaded to wield its influence constructively , rather than maintaining its pretense of neutrality when its assistance is badly needed ?
At the end of October , however , she finally articulated a vision of the future of Europe that persuaded the German Bundestag to agree to a package of measures to save the euro .
They may even be persuaded to dig a fishpond and to try and eek out a living from that . But when the pond dries up or the substitute crop or job fails , so long as there are rich drug users in the West , they will return to cultivating poppy or coca if it provides a livelihood for their families .
But only with American pressure will Russia truly be persuaded to honor its commitments to withdraw its troops from Georgia and disengage from its support of the separatists .
Sarkozy persuaded two women from immigrant backgrounds , Rama Yade and the well-known feminist activist Fadela Amara , to accept sub-cabinet positions , while Kouchner has been the most popular political figure in France for the past several years .
A not-so-generous interpretation of modern aid history is that rich countries ' legislatures were too cheap to give outright grants to the poorest countries , and could be persuaded to help out only if they were told that the money would be repaid .
Investors in the coming years will need to be persuaded to hold mountains of new debt .
An analogous approach can be done for countries . For example , rich countries ' voters in Europe could perhaps be persuaded to engage in a much larger bailout for Greece -LRB- one that is actually big enough to work -RRB- , in exchange for higher payments in ten to fifteen years if Greek growth outperforms .
Whereas some German companies persuaded workers to accept wage cuts to help weather the financial crisis , wages across the southern periphery have been marching steadily upwards , even as productivity has remained stagnant .
He persuaded the European Union and the United States to allow continued UN oversight in Kosovo while gradually permitting self-governance -- all without triggering dangerous confrontations with the two states which oppose its breakaway , Serbia and its close ally , Russia .
But generating enough liquidity implies huge expenses : the public must be educated to understand the concept of risk management and overcome serious psychological barriers before it can be persuaded of the usefulness of the new instruments .
We should not be deterred from doing right now by the fear that we may later be persuaded that we should do right again .
They ought to be persuaded - through a judicious mixture of carrots and sticks - that strengthening the rule of law and democratic institutions would work to their advantage .
Perhaps America , and especially Bush , will be persuaded to join the rest of the world in the fight against poverty and to protect our planet 's environment .
China 's leaders need to be persuaded that conceding this point does not imply letting Taiwan move towards de jure independence .
So it probably would not take much for politicians to be persuaded that the press is essential to democracy , and that its survival -- like that of public television in many countries -- depends on government support .
But they also recognized that the country 's sizable , and economically powerful , Chinese and Indian minorities , among other groups , were critical to the country 's development and should be persuaded to accept the new Malay-led state as their own .
Despite wearing his Malay nationalism on his sleeve , Mahathir ultimately persuaded most non-Malays that he was not simply a communal leader but someone who cared for all Malaysia 's communities .
Under ideal diplomatic circumstances , Russia and China would be persuaded to join with NATO in a joint declaration .
Last year , Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah , worried by Shi'a expansionism , was persuaded by Prince Bandar bin Sultan , the head of his National Security Council , to coordinate policy with Israel to counter Iran 's growing influence .
