Indeed , she even persuaded other important political leaders to participate in the planned January 8 election , which she viewed as an opportunity to challenge religious extremist forces in the public square .
Realizing Ahtisaari 's proposal will depend on EU solidarity and persistence , coupled with strong American support , to manage the vicissitudes of UN debate , lobby skeptical non-permanent Security Council members , such as Indonesia and South Africa , and persuade Russia to abstain rather than exercise its veto .
Russia will certainly continue its diplomatic efforts to persuade the world that negotiations are the only way to solve the problem , and that it can not be solved outside the UN .
He successfully persuaded Palestinian militants to hold their fire and show Israelis and the world that dismantling settlements need not involve Israeli-Palestinian violence .
The confrontations have come at a time when Abbas has been trying to persuade Hamas to moderate its anti-Israel stance and ally with Fatah in a national unity government .
It is the duty of governments on both sides of the Atlantic to persuade their publics of this .
Extensive lobbying , directly and by proxy , is underway to persuade European regulators to allow long-term supply contracts in the EU -- despite their deadening effect on competition .
Despite his intellectual status and prestige , Qutb had failed to persuade the majority of like-minded inmates under conditions of repression .
The international community 's goal must be to persuade neighboring countries to halt their brazen , unwarranted attacks on parts of Syrian society .
Such an assessment requires acknowledging that the election was far from flawless : Hamas and Islamic Jihad boycotted the poll , and Marwan Barghouti , a fellow Fatah member with Abbas and the one candidate who could seriously have challenged him , was ungently persuaded by the movement 's leadership to withdraw his candidacy in order to present a unified front .
Instead , they have insisted that nuclear weapons are essential for their security and continued to modernize their nuclear arsenals . This naturally robs them of the moral authority to persuade others not to acquire nuclear weapons , which continue to be perceived as a source of power and influence , and an insurance policy against attack .
From the turmoil in the 1920 's , following administrative reforms , to labor protests in the 1950 's , the country is accustomed to agitation . As a result , factional strife is unlikely to panic the rulers and is even less likely to persuade them that the king must abdicate to save the country .
But local officials could not have arranged for Karma to be tried in far-away Xinjiang , let alone persuade the central government to ban the brothers ' innocuous book about their love of nature .
It means engagement whereby America should not seek `` to bully , intimidate , cajole , or persuade others to accept our unique values or to share our national objectives . ''
Instead , people must be persuaded to accept such authority , giving rise to something like a religious market .
Barring that , in an age when religions must persuade , they must still `` proselytize '' within the community -- pointing out the truth , the values , and the beauty of the tradition -- even if they refrain from doing so outside it .
Russia must be persuaded to confirm -- explicitly and formally -- the right of the Baltics , on their own , to choose their allies .
As November 's elections approach , many US lawmakers will demand that the country with 10 % unemployment persuade the country with 10 % growth to stop bending trade rules and manipulating the value of its currency .
American diplomats are never going to persuade the UN Security Council to impose sanctions on Iran 's energy exports .
Resistance to sanctions from Russia , China , and France has persuaded US officials to `` allow more time for diplomacy '' before pushing for punitive action in the Security Council .
But undermining his domestic standing by limiting Iran 's revenues stands a better chance of succeeding than diplomatic efforts to persuade the regime to suspend uranium enrichment voluntarily , or coercive sanctions .
Sunnis must be persuaded that neither their minority status nor former membership in Saddam Hussein 's Ba'ath Party will exclude them from political and economic life .
The Chinese ca n't force Kim to disarm fully , but they can persuade him to negotiate with a now more flexible US .
With all that in mind , this latest move by Turkey 's parliament should be seen more as an ultimatum to Iraq 's Kurdish Regional Government to expel the Turkish Kurds and an attempt to persuade the US to use its considerable influence there .
In 2003 , the international community tried to persuade Karimov to publicly denounce torture before an annual meeting of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development -LRB- EBRD -RRB- .
Why is it so difficult to persuade contemporary people to exercise ?
First , they dispatched a three-country mission -LRB- Brazil , India , and South Africa -RRB- to Damascus to `` persuade '' Assad not to murder his people .
So far , however , China has failed to persuade the country 's president to lease it one of the 700 uninhabited Maldivian islands for use as a small base for the Chinese navy .
But Russian noblemen with timber interests in Korea persuaded the Tsar to resist .
Romania 's most vicious anti-Semitic and ultra-nationalist politician , Corneliu Vadim Tudor , is trying hard to persuade people that he has changed his ways .
Citizens must be persuaded that the reasons -LRB- especially for preemptive action -RRB- stand up to scrutiny .
If we want to persuade others to subscribe to it , we do well to demonstrate that we not only believe in elections and majorities but also in the virtues of responsibility and honor .
Prime Minister Berlusconi has persuaded the Italian Parliament to pass legislation which primarily benefits him and his business interests .
Of course , the main obstacle to electoral reform is the need to persuade those whose jobs depend on maintaining the status quo .
While some still believe that the taxpaying public might be persuaded to spend an additional `` penny in the pound '' -LRB- i.e. , 1 % of tax -RRB- of income tax to keep higher education going , most know that this path can be ruled out for general economic as well as political reasons .
At the moment , the electorate is hostile to Euro membership by a large margin ; if the government is to persuade the voters to change their minds on purely economic grounds , it must deploy a powerful case .
Even if he did articulate this case , he would not persuade the British people , who have been conditioned by 50 years of Euro-skepticism from their political leaders .
Eurozone governments have proven unwilling , or unable , to produce a solution that persuades markets that they are on top of the problem .
Nothing less will persuade investors to go near debt issues from the eurozone 's fiscally challenged members .
Perhaps it will be possible to persuade the Germans if the alternative is eurozone collapse , which would put the Deutschemark , or a Northern Euro , in the uncomfortable position that the Swiss franc occupies today -- too strong for its own good .
Bankers accept that , in the long run , the theorem might hold , but argue that it will take time , especially given recent events , to persuade investors that banks are genuinely safer , and that their shares should be thought of as closer to utility stocks , yielding a lower return .
The exact amount depends on how rapidly Americans re-direct their spending from imports to domestically-produced goods , and how much of an expected recovery in the dollar 's exchange rate is needed to persuade investors to hold US assets while the spending switchover takes place .
Kim apparently reiterated his government 's willingness to return to the talks , but the question is what kind of assurances he was able to give Hu in order to persuade a wary US and hostile South Korea that he is really ready to deal .
The US , moreover , should actively seek a path back to the Six Party Talks , resisting both the fatalistic idea that North Korea can never be persuaded to roll back its nuclear program and the dangerous notion of simply waiting for the North Korean regime to come begging , if not collapse .
Russia has tried for years to get away from Cold War thinking and to persuade our partners to drop their stereotypes .
Indeed , the CIO would illustrate the power of information 's power by using it , rather than legal power , to persuade people to do the right thing .
The more people who are persuaded that they have a disorder that can be medicated , the more medication the company can sell .
The jury remained out even after Kenya in early 2008 , when horrific post-election violence was widely considered an RtoP case , and former UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan led a successful diplomatic mission to persuade ethnic-group leaders to quell the storm .
If , however , Spain or Italy does not persuade markets over the next two years that they are financially sound , interest rates for their governments and banks will rise sharply , and it will be clear that they are insolvent .
Some economists have said that the best way to deal with deflation is for the central bank to flood the economy with money in order to persuade the public that inflation will rise in the future , thereby reducing expected real long-term interest rates .
The men at the barricades were persuaded to leave their stronghold ; the insurrectionary leaders were either detained or escaped to Spain .
The European Commission is weary of trying to build a single energy market , which has required it to persuade governments that they must dismantle their existing monopoly operators -- a prerequisite to competition .
Iran must persuade the world that it does not want the Bomb . ''
Worse , he must persuade hostile segments of his own Bharatiya Janata Party and various allied organizations , such as the Hindu nationalist Rashtriya Swayam Sevak Sangh , that improving relations with Pakistan is in India 's interest .
It 's time for Obama to make good on commitments he made in Prague in 2009 , take up Reagan 's mantle as Great Communicator , and persuade the US Senate to formalize America 's adherence to the CTBT .
But the RCB 's track record since 1992 has done little to stabilize inflation expectations and to persuade businessmen , investors , government officials and ordinary Russians that it is genuinely focused on reining in price growth .
In order to remain intact and functional , the country needs a political system and a society that persuade talented young people to stay in Russia -- and that provides them with the education to develop their talent .
Similarly , elections in Palestine did not persuade Hamas to turn its back on violence any more than elections in Lebanon dissuaded Hezbollah from initiating the current crisis in the Middle East .
Not just governments , but religious and other leaders need to be persuaded to denounce terror , shaming and de-legitimizing those who carry it out .
The best outcome would be one in which Iran was persuaded to freeze or suspend its nuclear efforts or , better yet , give up an independent capability to enrich uranium .
The task now is to persuade Palestinians and Israelis to begin the process , to start taking steps to improve the situation on the ground so that they can tackle more far_reaching matters at the negotiating table .
Sanctions alone , even those supported by the United Nations Security Council and backed by military force , could not persuade Saddam Hussein to withdraw from Kuwait , control of which was a major prize for him .
In the case of Iran , the first Iraq war teaches us that economic sanctions will likely not be enough to persuade the Revolutionary Guards -LRB- who increasingly dominate the country -RRB- to accept verifiable limits on their nuclear program .
Sanctions may , however , persuade some other powerful constituencies within Iran , namely the clerics , the businessmen of the bazaar , and political conservatives , to turn on President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and his Revolutionary Guard base .
Regulators and governments view the main purpose of financial stress tests as being to persuade some institutions of the urgent need to improve their capital ratios .
Indeed , official rhetoric has turned once again to trying to persuade markets to ignore reality .
Kaufman understands that successful reform requires three ingredients : arguments that persuade , the ability to bring colleagues along , and a good deal of luck in the form of events that highlight problems at just the right time .
To persuade North Korea to return to the six-party talks -- with China , Japan , the US , Russia , and South Korea -- on defusing the nuclear threat on the Korean peninsula , Japan , the US , and South Korea have now offered to expand the scope of the talks to allow North Korea to raise any issue that concerns it .
Fortunately , the government was not persuaded .
Determined to outbid Gorbachev as a reformer , he persuaded liberals to overcome their distrust of his provincial manners .
Her testimony helped persuade Congress to commit more development aid to maternal health .
According to this view , Netanyahu 's right-wing coalition might be persuaded to accept the continuation of the partial settlement freeze , but only if the Israeli public sees President Mahmoud Abbas and Netanyahu publicly engaged in negotiations .
The political community of the 1950 's that France had persuaded its five European partners to accept was supposed to absorb both the European Coal and Steel Community and the EDC .
This issue aside , I have never been persuaded that capital requirements on trading books should be materially lower than for those on banking books .
For its part , Europe needs to mount a charm offensive to persuade Putin and Medvedev that Russia 's real interest is in improving bilateral relations .
In the Middle East , it needs to persuade Iran to hold in check the military elements of the nuclear program that Russia has made possible .
The example of Poland and that of the other countries of Central Europe shows that the clear prospect of EU membership may be one of the engines of effective reforms and may significantly enhance the ability of local leaders to persuade their people to accept the need for reforms that are sometimes painful .
Far from opposing absolutist power as an impediment to religious democracy , they tried to persuade the Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , of the value of reform .
Should Mousavi persuade Khamenei to reconsider his position , the Supreme Leader 's hold on power will be shaken . If Khamenei holds fast , Mousavi can not gain the presidency , but he will continue to represent the hopes of the majority of Iranians who differ dramatically with their government .
Of course , diehard anti-Americans will never be persuaded , but they remain a minority , with the possible exception of the Muslim world .
Even if Bashir 's fellow heads of state succeed in their effort to persuade the United Nations Security Council to defer prosecution -- which is highly unlikely -- the charges will continue to hang over Bashir 's head unless and until he stands trial .
But can China be persuaded to wield its influence constructively , rather than maintaining its pretense of neutrality when its assistance is badly needed ?
Like Franklin Roosevelt , who acted very cautiously in trying to persuade American opinion to abandon isolationism in the 1930 's , Merkel has proceeded cautiously on saving the euro .
At the end of October , however , she finally articulated a vision of the future of Europe that persuaded the German Bundestag to agree to a package of measures to save the euro .
It also means carrying on with the important role that Europe plays in foreign policy such as attracting Serbia to reach agreement on the future status of Kosovo , or continuing efforts to persuade Iran to give up its plans for the enrichment of uranium .
For example , Dag Hammarskjold seized the opportunity of the Suez Crisis created by Britain and France 's invasion of Egypt in 1956 to persuade governments to create peacekeeping forces -- an institution that is not mentioned in the UN original charter .
In the wake of the UN 's failures to prevent genocide and ethnic cleansing in Rwanda and Kosovo in the 1990 's , Kofi Annan worked with others to persuade governments to recognize a new responsibility to protect endangered peoples .
When you persuade others to want what you want , you do not have to spend as much on sticks and carrots to move them in your direction .
China has tried to persuade Kim 's regime to follow its market-oriented example , but Kim is afraid that an economic opening would lead to a political opening and loss of dictatorial control .
In addition , it would have been difficult to persuade other countries to join a coalition to contain China unless China resorted to bullying tactics , as the Soviets did after World War II .
Attempts by Obasanjo 's supporters to persuade the National Assembly to amend the Constitution to enable Obasanjo to continue in office beyond two terms met a solid wall of opposition .
This design was crafted not only from enlightened principle but from necessity : America needed to persuade people to cross the ocean and endure the hardships of the frontier and , later , industrialization .
My own country , for example , invented much of what it means to be British in order to accommodate Scotland in the eighteenth century to the idea of rule from England , and to persuade the whole of the United Kingdom that it should not object to being ruled by German kings .
It will require leadership skills of a high order to persuade voters that in order to prevent national decline we must curb our appetite for more and more public spending .
Will this environmental disaster persuade Americans to look harder at their incontinent use of energy ?
Another factor is the spread of ideologies , both secular and religious , that encourage us to care for distant others , that persuade us to expand our kindness beyond our immediate circle .
In another instance a dashing young Afghan , who convinced the program 's administrators that his uncle -LRB- in reality a nonentity -RRB- represented many growers whom he could persuade to stop cultivating poppy , walked away with one hundred thousand dollars worth of aid .
They may even be persuaded to dig a fishpond and to try and eek out a living from that . But when the pond dries up or the substitute crop or job fails , so long as there are rich drug users in the West , they will return to cultivating poppy or coca if it provides a livelihood for their families .
But only with American pressure will Russia truly be persuaded to honor its commitments to withdraw its troops from Georgia and disengage from its support of the separatists .
Sarkozy persuaded two women from immigrant backgrounds , Rama Yade and the well-known feminist activist Fadela Amara , to accept sub-cabinet positions , while Kouchner has been the most popular political figure in France for the past several years .
Naked self-interest should persuade the advanced countries as well .
A not-so-generous interpretation of modern aid history is that rich countries ' legislatures were too cheap to give outright grants to the poorest countries , and could be persuaded to help out only if they were told that the money would be repaid .
Indeed , if the euro zone can persuade Great Britain to become a full-fledged member , thereby acquiring one of the world 's two premier financial centers -LRB- London -RRB- , the euro might really start to look like a viable alternative to the dollar .
Investors in the coming years will need to be persuaded to hold mountains of new debt .
An analogous approach can be done for countries . For example , rich countries ' voters in Europe could perhaps be persuaded to engage in a much larger bailout for Greece -LRB- one that is actually big enough to work -RRB- , in exchange for higher payments in ten to fifteen years if Greek growth outperforms .
Whereas some German companies persuaded workers to accept wage cuts to help weather the financial crisis , wages across the southern periphery have been marching steadily upwards , even as productivity has remained stagnant .
Second , a fudged set of financial `` stress tests '' sought to persuade markets that European banks ' needed only ¤ 3.5 billion in fresh capital .
He persuaded the European Union and the United States to allow continued UN oversight in Kosovo while gradually permitting self-governance -- all without triggering dangerous confrontations with the two states which oppose its breakaway , Serbia and its close ally , Russia .
Positive results will persuade only those who have learned well the lessons of the 1930 's -- and then failed to forget them .
If the product helps families save , he hopes to persuade lawmakers to make this type of savings scheme easier to offer in America .
But generating enough liquidity implies huge expenses : the public must be educated to understand the concept of risk management and overcome serious psychological barriers before it can be persuaded of the usefulness of the new instruments .
We should not be deterred from doing right now by the fear that we may later be persuaded that we should do right again .
It ought to be possible to persuade governments in those countries to curb such behavior by holding out the prospect of substantial rewards .
They ought to be persuaded - through a judicious mixture of carrots and sticks - that strengthening the rule of law and democratic institutions would work to their advantage .
Chancellor Angela Merkel may not be able to persuade her entire coalition of its merits , but she could rely on the opposition to build a new majority in support of doing what is necessary to preserve the euro .
The Obama administration is promising to pick up losses to persuade hedge funds and other private investors to buy out banks ' bad assets .
Similarly , changes in voting procedures -LRB- public voting by countries , rather than through constituencies , or a requirement that candidates win the support of a majority of developing and emerging countries -RRB- could persuade more emerging-market officials to put their names forward .
Moreover , such fluctuations are amplified by borrowing in good years , so countries should resist foreign lenders who try to persuade them of the virtues of such capital flows .
Perhaps America , and especially Bush , will be persuaded to join the rest of the world in the fight against poverty and to protect our planet 's environment .
China 's leaders need to be persuaded that conceding this point does not imply letting Taiwan move towards de jure independence .
President Putin enjoys a relationship of trust with Kim and thus may be able to persuade him that only by abiding by international law will he ensure his country 's future and that this , indeed , is the only option left open to him .
But without deciding this philosophical issue , we can ask : what feature of our `` imagined communities '' persuades people to accept that they are free under a democratic regime , even when their will is overridden on important issues ?
Of the five men appointed to lead the mission to persuade Gbagbo to step down , only two - Jakaya Kikwete of Tanzania and South Africa 's Jacob Zuma - can claim to have come to power democratically .
So it probably would not take much for politicians to be persuaded that the press is essential to democracy , and that its survival -- like that of public television in many countries -- depends on government support .
But they also recognized that the country 's sizable , and economically powerful , Chinese and Indian minorities , among other groups , were critical to the country 's development and should be persuaded to accept the new Malay-led state as their own .
Despite wearing his Malay nationalism on his sleeve , Mahathir ultimately persuaded most non-Malays that he was not simply a communal leader but someone who cared for all Malaysia 's communities .
Under ideal diplomatic circumstances , Russia and China would be persuaded to join with NATO in a joint declaration .
Last year , Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah , worried by Shi'a expansionism , was persuaded by Prince Bandar bin Sultan , the head of his National Security Council , to coordinate policy with Israel to counter Iran 's growing influence .
`` Big corporations do n't even have Africa on the map when they consider outsourcing locations , '' says Sambou Makalou , a native of Mali who tries to persuade US employers to shift service jobs to Africa .
