Musharraf and his political allies tried to adjust to this new reality , but their patience ran out when the Supreme Court took up petitions against Musharraf 's decision to run for president .
Lack of competition is typically due to over-regulation .
Workers and management oppose deregulation because openness to competition would eliminate their unearned premiums .
Deregulating product markets has an additional benefit : it facilitates liberalization of the labor market . Evidence gathered by the OECD shows a strong positive correlation across countries between the degree of competition in the product market and the extent to which labor market regulations increase the powers of workers when they bargain with firms .
Deregulations of airlines and bus transportation will also create healthy competition for railroads and help keep prices from rising too far .
But competition is as important as financing in determining a university 's quality , because competition increases the merit of the product .
Competition between them works because it involves fighting for the best students and offering scholarships to deserving poor ones .
Also , the private nature of contracts between an American university and its professors creates healthy competition for talent and a flexible and efficient market for scientists .
Italy ended 70 years of active involvement by the state in industry thanks to the determination of the EU competition commissioners , Karel van Miert and his successor , Mario Monti .
Competition policy is the European Union 's biggest success . The reason is simple : decisions in this area have been removed from the jurisdiction of individual nations , thus making them more difficult to influence .
The result is that the many lobbies that oppose increased competition , or fight to protect state aid , have been hugely weakened .
The executive powers that the European Commission enjoys over competition policy allow it to circumvent the national vetoes and compromises that are common in other areas . For example , implementation of rules governing the single market are subject to a unanimity rule , or at the very least a qualified majority of member states , with the result that progress is usually slow .
So it is vital that the Commission 's reputation in the area of competition policy shine because this reputation is the Union 's most precious capital ; this is no time to waste it .
Ryanair has been a champion of increasing competition in the airline industry , forcing other carriers to reduce fares .
Punishing this airline will only reduce competition in the airline industry , an outcome that , Mario Monti , the EU competition commissioner , and Loyola de Palacio , the EU transport commissioner , can not possibly want .
This simple principle should guide Commission competition decisions .
Here , however , we hit a soft spot : European treaties protect competition , but are neutral vis-à-vis state ownership of companies .
Politicizing EU Competition Policy
Politicizing EU Competition Policy
Think of the excellent work it has done in the area of competition policy : breaking up cartels and stopping state aid , even when it comes in disguised forms , such as government guarantees on company debt .
Mario Monti , the successful Commissioner for Competition , happened to be Italian , but nobody ever accused him of pursuing an `` Italian agenda . ''
This , together with the rule that all decisions , even in the area of state aid , must be approved by a majority of Commissioners , suggests that the Commission is set to become much more lenient on state aid and competition policy .
Mario Monti , the European Union 's Commissioner for Competition Policy , is often in the spotlight , usually to popular acclaim .
With a competition case against software giant Microsoft seemingly in the offing , Commissioner Monti will need to rediscover his footing fast .
Finally , in the Airtours merger case , the Court rebuked the competition authorities for `` decisions that are vitiated by errors '' concerning issues that are `` fundamental to any determination of the question of the creation of a collective dominant position . ''
These cases raise important questions about both the substance and procedures of the European Commission 's handling of competition policy .
Start with the substance . The Court 's verdicts leave the impression that competition policy in Europe is overly zealous .
That condemnation matters , because passing judgment on the trade-off between the efficiency gains to be had from any merger versus the threat to competition is a subtle matter , not an ideological one .
The Competition Commission started from the premise that the current overlaps in the packaging markets will grow in the medium to long term .
We are confident that Monti 's office could answer the Court 's criticisms and that reasonable people can disagree on the subtleties of whether these mergers threaten competition enough to be rejected .
In the area of competition policy the Commission is , at least in the first instance , both prosecutor and judge .
Competition policy in the United States is based upon this principle . It is one that Europe would do well to put into practice .
No country likes to open its manufacturing dinosaurs to foreign competition .
Imagine an America or Europe still stuck in the 1950s , with economies dependent on coal and steel , and textiles , and with no competition from cheaper producers in Asia and elsewhere , and the danger becomes obvious .
A group of well-known nationalist intellectuals , including film director Nikita Mikhalkov , artist Ilya Glazunov , and writers Valentin Rasputin and Vasily Belov , weighed in with a petition calling the exhibition a `` new stage of conscious Satanism . ''
Of the areas of public policy with high economies of scale or externalities , two stand out : the common market and competition ; and foreign policy and defense .
Only in exceptional circumstances is fiscal harmonization justified : prohibitions , say , on fiscal incentives aimed at limiting competition , impeding commerce , or restricting the movement of capital .
European-level institutions should guarantee the functioning of markets , including competition , commercial , and monetary policies ;
True , many African countries currently suffer from instability , state failure , regional strife , violent internal political competition , and other assorted ills , including , massacres and large-scale brutality , civil war , massive movements of refugees , economic disruption , and environmental damage .
Extensive lobbying , directly and by proxy , is underway to persuade European regulators to allow long-term supply contracts in the EU -- despite their deadening effect on competition .
We petitioned Nigeria 's Federal High Court last May to review the decision of Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo to grant refugee status to former Liberian President Charles Taylor , who is a fugitive from war crimes charges brought by a United Nations-backed Special Court in Sierra Leone .
Of course , official relations between the two countries are marked by much political and economic competition - some of it healthy , some of it a possible harbinger of future strategic rivalry .
But this backdrop of contention and competition masks emerging collaborative aspects of Sino-Japanese relations that are profoundly important , but which , unfortunately , seem to the world 's media to be too mundane to `` sell . ''
Europe is the obvious choice , while Russia has little but stiff competition to offer .
While the West and Russia still talk the talk of cooperative security in Europe , geopolitical competition for influence has been renewed in these regions .
Second , even when selling to countries other than the US , Japanese exporters often face stiff American competition .
Take Japanese exports to South East Asia , which are almost 50 % denominated in dollars due to competition from US exporters .
For example , he pioneered the idea of school vouchers , arguing that private competition would ensure better educational performance than government systems .
But some dubious assertions have , through constant repetition in recent , often breathless , accounts about the two economies , become part of conventional wisdom .
Domestic industries that face foreign competition are beginning to close down or relocate abroad .
Nor is it likely that much economic expansion will result from competition between multinational food distributors and producers in countries where famine still stalks the land .
But globalization also increases competition and exposes weaknesses .
But globalisation also increases competition and exposes weaknesses .
Because insiders gain the full benefits that arise through lobbying for lax corporate governance rules , while their firms bear most of the costs of such lobbying , insiders have an advantage in the competition for influence over politicians .
Those who organized this coup hoped that it would lead to greater things for themselves ; those who signed a petition of protest were fired not long after .
It was at that crossroads that Israel and Iran , two powers vying for mastery in a rapidly changing Middle East , chose to cast their strategic competition in ideological terms .
The Roman Catholic Church , after a long period of fierce resistance , also has adapted successfully to pluralist competition , legitimating it theologically in the declarations on religious liberty that began with the Second Vatican Council .
And comparable Orthodox ideas about communal solidarity -LRB- Russian sobornost -RRB- make it difficult to accept capitalism , because competition and individual entrepreneurship are seen as a morally repulsive expression of ruthlessness and greed .
Badly regulated banking sectors , feeble market structures , and weak competition , as well as trade and current-account restrictions , were also among the shortcomings identified .
Orwellian use of terms like `` fair trade '' masks the fact that this is nothing but an insidious form of protectionism that seeks to reduce import competition .
Consider deregulation of telecommunications and airlines , which has ushered in competition from low-cost carriers of data and people .
More intense competition , within and across countries , has decreased the available rents .
Some economies may sustain collateral damage from both sides of the war , because , in addition to the pressure coming from excess dollar liquidity , they may be confronted with tougher competition -LRB- domestically and in third markets -RRB- from China , so long as the renminbi remains quasi-pegged to the dollar .
Those who want to join the Stop Female Genital Mutilation campaign carried out by AIDOS -LRB- Italian Association of Women for Development -RRB- , TAMWA -LRB- Tanzania Media Women 's Association -RRB- , and No Peace Without Justice can sign the petition by visiting www.stopfgm.org .
Last summer , in response to the UN decision , 78 Nobel laureates signed a petition discouraging the adoption of an international ban on human cloning , because `` it would condemn hundreds of millions of individuals afflicted by debilitating diseases to a life deprived of hope . ''
The petition , initiated by Luca Coscioni Association , an NGO devoted to the promotion of the freedom of scientific research , called on governments to reject prohibitions in favor of `` rules that protect the right to life and health by ensuring freedom of research , choice , and knowledge . ''
Yet North America has failed to match Europe in building the political structures necessary to focus the hemisphere on the problems of immigration , cross border security , labor rights , and environmental degradation ; or in facilitating a more united approach to strong economic competition from Europe and Asia .
But competition over taxes and services is beneficial , not harmful .
Competition among localities -- for example , between states for businesses and workers , and between school districts for students -- can lead to more efficient and effective allocation of public resources .
As with competition in private markets , competition in government services leads to better outcomes .
The few Saudi demonstrations appear populated almost entirely by minority Shia , who find little sympathy among majority Sunnis , and by foreign construction workers petitioning for higher wages and better working conditions .
Indeed , given competition from low-wage economies such as Bangladesh and Cambodia , Pakistan should abandon its focus on textiles altogether and expend much greater effort to develop its knowledge-based industries .
And the argument that Japanese , or other Asians , are culturally averse to political competition is not historically true .
Of course , soccer wars are rare -LRB- indeed , I ca n't think of another example -RRB- , but the notion that international sporting competitions inevitably inspire warm fraternity -- an idea advanced by Baron de Coubertin , founder of the modern Olympic games -- is a romantic fiction .
The problems bedeviling the industry include pollution from emissions , increasing competition -LRB- particularly from communications technology , which has made business travel less necessary -RRB- , air traffic control delays and inefficiencies , expanding noise restrictions , safety and security concerns , and an overall business environment highly dependent on fuel prices .
Another impressive cable was sent on November 17 , 2009 , by Charles H. Rivkin , US Ambassador to France , regarding the competition between French companies and Boeing for a contract worth tens of billions of dollars to provide advanced fighter planes to Brazil .
Ironically , the democratic opening began with Ortega , who unintentionally inaugurated an era of electoral competition when he lost power in 1990 .
More than 30,000 Cubans signed the Varela petition requesting a referendum on basic rights .
Examples like this abound in Latin America , but it is a mistake for Castro to think that Latin America is the competition .
The US-China relationship itself is likely to remain uneasy , but overt competition or confrontation suits neither side .
The US seems more reluctant than ever to exercise the leverage that it still has to press China to correct policies that threaten to distort trade , foster huge trade imbalances , and spark greater competition for scarce raw materials .
China wants the link defined as domestic in nature , with rights reserved exclusively to airlines registered on either side , while Taiwan insists that services be open to foreign competition .
Predatory Competition Policy The recent decision by the European Court of First Instance to uphold the fine and sanctions the European Commission imposed upon Microsoft in 2004 appears to have justified the Commission 's interventionist approach to competition policy .
The European Commission 's approach to competition policy wo n't move Europe toward that better climate .
Consider computer operating systems , business accounting software , databases , Internet search engines , silicone chips , broadband services , cable , and cellular telephony . All are examples of fast-moving industries in which competition is fierce and great wealth is created .
Since then firms like Microsoft and Intel exploited software and hardware revolutions that IBM and others had missed , and left IBM in the dust . And just as competition authorities on both sides of the Atlantic have been losing sleep over the Windows monopoly , Microsoft 's desktop model is threatened today by handheld devices and Google 's dispersed online computing model .
The only beneficiaries of government officials ' telling Microsoft how to make computer software are Microsoft 's competitors &#45; &#45; and not competition .
What is presented as a defense of competition results in advancing politically connected special interests and imposing unnecessary costs on innovation .
Even if Microsoft on occasion may have engaged in some sharp competitive practices , the EU 's competition authorities have not been content with slapping its wrists , but got involved in deeply intrusive remedies , including the unbundling of a media player from Microsoft 's operating system and mandating disclosure of industrial secrets embodied in Microsoft 's server software .
Yet the EU 's competition authorities persist in accusing Intel of exactly this form of irrational behavior .
The problem with `` predatory pricing '' is that the courts are very unlikely to be able to distinguish `` unfair '' prices from effective competition that is a boon to consumers .
If the issue is competition , Commissioner Mario Monti represents Europe , stridently so , as Americans have learned to their surprise .
They are an invitation to assert who one is and where one belongs rather than to a competition of well-defined and comprehensive political programs .
Onto this fiercely contested terrain marches the United Kingdom 's Independent banking Commission , set up last year by Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne , with a brief to examine possible structural reforms to the banking system aimed at safeguarding financial stability and competition .
There is much -- too much -- competition for that position .
In other parts of the economy , where we see excess returns , we usually look for some weakness in competition , or perhaps for the exploitation of insider information , which excludes new entrants .
That may be part of the story , but competition for talent and for customers seems intense between investment banks and others , yet they have collectively been extravagantly rewarded at the expense of those customers .
I believe that more diversity in banking , and more competition , is highly desirable .
Neelie Kroes , the retiring EU Competition Commissioner , was surely right to demand some divestiture of branches from the biggest groups , though arguably she did not go far enough .
International competition for investors is brutal , so waiting for them to fall from the sky is not an option .
For most of the past decade the world has been lectured to by Americans who proclaimed the perfection of the US economy : its focus on competition , loose labor regulation , and a modest social safety net , all of which supposedly delivered dynamism and high growth rates .
According to this view , the US is especially well positioned to benefit from rapidly falling prices of information technology , owing to its openness to competition and new ways of doing business , particularly in distribution .
Of course , institutional differences between America and Western Europe do exist : in the regulation of labor , in restrictions on land-use and redevelopment , in the tolerance of competition authorities for resale price maintenance and related practices .
But the hope for a repetition of the late 19th-century experience has - so far - proved vain .
With competition strong across the economy , they say that we can look forward to a generation of relatively high asset prices and relatively low real interest rates worldwide .
In the early postwar decades , foreign competition exerted virtually no pressure on the economy , owing to the isolation of America 's continental market from the devastation of WWII .
Favorable macroeconomic circumstances , the absence of foreign competition , a system of government support and regulation , and large-scale private provision of what in Europe would have been public social insurance all combined to give post-WWII America many of social democracy 's benefits without the costs .
And increasing rewards for those at the increasingly sharp peak of the income distribution have not called forth enough enterprising market competition to erode that peak .
The problem is a broader failure of market competition to give rise to alternative providers and underbid the fortunes demanded for their work by our current generation of mercantile princes .
Measures to keep the industry afloat in one country look like unfair competition to others .
It will exacerbate highly unequal competition .
But science is not a competition between scientists ; it is a contest of ideas -- namely , explanations of what is out there in reality , how it behaves , and why .
The part that was actually rejected and raises the most concerns among citizens of the member States is in Part III , which focuses on Union policies such as the Common Market , competition policy and the Common Agricultural Policy .
With patents expiring in high numbers , new-product pipelines drying up , and intensifying competition from generics , branded pharmaceuticals have been hemorrhaging value .
Formulating policies that enable generic competition with the branded pharmaceutical industry will require creative measures that emphasise the imperative of maximizing public health .
Who is driving deregulation and competition in Europe ?
But the fewer the number of distributors , the less competition there is . So margins become fatter and prices higher .
Often competition is limited by regulations that fragment markets , but sometimes it is a matter of it being unprofitable to arbitrage to , say , bring in your croissants from Belgium each morning .
There are too many walls erected against social mobility , competition , and fairness in politics and business .
Inequality , Interests and Competition , edited by the prominent economists Santiago Levy and Michael Walton , argues , vested interests are capable of blocking changes that would make the economy more productive and efficient .
The results have become increasingly obvious and painful : an economy that has suffered more severely in the global crisis than its neighbors to the south ; a rent-seeking business elite that is unaccustomed to competition ; public and private monopolies that no one seems to have the political will to dismantle ; and corporatist pacts that siphon off public resources to unproductive unions , thwarting productivity and growth .
Both the public and private sector throughout the region should take immediate measures to face up to this new competition and to work toward cooperative projects with the Chinese .
Mexico 's competition in the US market from China has increased particularly in light manufacturing -- mostly clothing and electronics .
Its only option is to be better than the competition .
Both legislation and the forces of competition and consumer demand are driving companies to disclose more about their products and to respond to consumer queries .
That provides an incentive to retrofitting companies , while competition for customers , rather than for subsidies , will encourage the various providers to be efficient .
Judging by governments ' reactions to the crisis , one could be forgiven for thinking that market regulators and competition authorities should take the lead when an economy is stable , and that industrial policies should be implemented in times of emergency .
To try and ease the harm that all this assistance was doing to EU competitiveness , the European Commission 's Directorate General for Competition warned that it had little option but to block state aids -- but then quickly capitulated to vociferous national protests .
Europe should have used its regulatory power and managed the conflict between systemic and competitive risk that all this emergency public funding was generating , but the competition watchdog 's contradictory request that companies receiving funding should reduce credit to their clients made this well nigh impossible .
The Commission 's competition lawyers announced that they would look into all national clauses , but GM 's recovery and the slow implementation of the German scheme ended up undermining the Magna solution .
The difficulties that EU governments face in managing the financial crisis are raising serious questions about whether national industrial policy and the Union 's competition rules can co-exist .
In particular , politicians need to be willing to confront teachers ' unions , which have traditionally resisted reforms that introduce competition and accountability .
In the absence of US leadership in matters of international trade , the majority of Latin American countries will not open their economies further to foreign competition , and some may even return to increased protectionism .
There should be an open competition , in which the best candidate wins on the basis of his or her ideas .
Deregulation meant competition and thinner margins .
BERKELEY -- The competition for reserve-currency status is conventionally portrayed as a winner-take-all game .
The reason why countries hit harder in the 1930 's were not more inclined to respond by protecting industry from foreign competition is straightforward .
Producers had problems , to be sure , but import competition was the least of them .
With the decline in trade , foreign competition became less of a problem for import-sensitive sectors .
Britain failed to put in place an effective competition policy .
Sheltered from foreign competition , industry grew fat and lazy .
In countries like Italy , already suffering from Chinese competition , and Spain , which is experiencing a massive housing bust , the pain will be excruciating .
If the fact that we are the only human species left on earth is the result of an historical accident rather than Darwinian competition , we can open our minds and accept that we share some of our `` culture '' with both our living and no longer living relatives .
It has since been embraced by every football competition in Australia , and has proved an influential model for other sports in Australia and worldwide .
Given the impact of globalization and the direct challenge to the EU implied by competition from countries like China and India , the European economy needs to become more innovative .
In a sense , what China has been doing seems to me to be the creation of a true `` Keynesian world '' : more private business and freer price competition at the micro level , and active countercyclical policy intervention at the macro level .
Modern democracy , with its mix of universal suffrage and property rights , looks remarkably like a compromise born of centuries of military competition among constitutionally evolving states , according to which the general public supplies the manpower to fight and moneyed interests supply the capital to train and equip the troops .
Withdrawing from the War on Drugs GENEVA -- Switzerland 's direct democracy allows citizens who have gathered enough petition signatures to challenge government policies and laws in nationwide referenda .
What the eurozone needs now is n't a repetition of Maastricht , but a kind of Schmidt\/Giscard 2.0 . This kind of initiative requires the support of Germany and France , because the crisis can not be resolved without them .
The European Commission is weary of trying to build a single energy market , which has required it to persuade governments that they must dismantle their existing monopoly operators -- a prerequisite to competition .
Its creation would also send out a new message to the European public : competition alone is not the only thing on Europe 's horizon .
Hundreds of European scholars are circulating a petition calling for a boycott of Israeli institutions ; other academics want the EU to deny grants to Israeli universities and scientific institutions .
So you might think that US industries exposed to severe international price competition would deem the dollar 's strength undesirable .
But Gaddafi now seems to want to reconcile his teachings and rule with a more open economy , including foreign direct investment and market-based competition .
Is science or society well served by a fixation on prizes and on nurturing a culture of extreme competition ?
However fierce the global competition , they should concentrate on safeguarding quality and achieving excellence in research and education .
This would help avoid local competition between krill vessels and the creatures that need krill to live , since krill fishing closely overlaps with the critical foraging areas for penguins and seals .
A multitude of sectors , from car dealing to dentistry , are shielded from competition .
Both the Rwandan genocide of 1994 and the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami saw chaotic competition among NGOs .
Markets will be purged of criminals and monopolies ; honest competition will begin to operate .
In recent years , slowing the pace of real exchange-rate appreciation to shelter domestic producers and employment from import competition seems to have gained clear precedence over disinflation .
One million signatures were rapidly gathered on an Internet petition demanding that the Japanese government thoroughly resolve the chemical weapons issue , while Internet chat rooms filled with anti-Japanese invective .
Moreover , with the introduction of the euro , Germany had the advantage of pegging its currency to Southern Europe , which was experiencing a housing boom even more extreme than in the US , thus providing German exporters with growing markets and little competition .
Labor-market rigidities -- above all in France , Germany , and Italy -- impede adjustment to the increased competition of integrating markets .
Any minimum wage would automatically also apply to immigrant workers , mitigating `` unfair '' competition for low-skilled jobs .
Although the last two options might be difficult to merge -- Mexico might not want the competition of such a large player as Brazil -- they are not mutually exclusive .
Principles of evidence-based medicine have transformed the way we look at clinical interventions and may prevent repetitions of public-health disasters such as the inappropriate promotion of hormone replacement therapy and anti-arrhythmic drugs .
Amid all the attention being devoted to China and the potential for competition or even conflict with the US , it should not be forgotten that Russia 's future hangs in the balance , for history suggests that declining powers can pose as great a challenge to world order as rising ones .
With tougher economic times inevitably come tougher positions toward foreign competition and outsourcing .
Détente helped to keep the competition from spilling over into conflict as it exposed the Communist world to Western ideas of freedom and capitalism along with their benefits .
It was important to moderate the competition in order to allow pressure for change to build up from within the Soviet bloc .
As soon as this goal comes close to being achieved , elements of the opposition begin to position themselves for the second phase of the struggle and the coming competition for power .
The challenges of a fast-growing population , inadequate education , insufficient jobs , corruption , bureaucracy , and rising global competition constitute the greatest threat to the country 's future .
One of the greatest challenges China must confront before the WTO treaty enters into force in 2007 is to prepare the country 's banking system for privatization and competition with foreign banks .
We praise competition , not monopolies , in economic life .
Competition in the rules that govern it might serve us better as well .
We were already certain then that if democracy is emptied of values and reduced to a competition of political parties that have `` guaranteed '' solutions to everything , it can be quite undemocratic .
Liu is one of the main drafters of Charter 08 , a petition inspired by Czechoslovakia 's Charter 77 , calling on the Chinese government to adhere to its own laws and constitution , and demanding the open election of public officials , freedom of religion and expression , and the abolition of `` subversion '' laws .
Before that , a petition , signed by roughly 80 prominent British intellectuals and a few from other European countries , demanded the cessation of European Union funding for Israeli cultural projects and institutions .
The Chinese leadership seems to be aware of this dilemma and is not , in fact , eager to be dragged into fierce competition with the West or its neighbors .
Turf battles with NATO intrude , as well as competition between the EU 's executive Commission and the member-based Council .
But Europeans have an advantage in today 's global competition , for which we should thank Jean Monnet and Jacques Delors , who created the Single Market before globalization was a buzzword .
For it is open competition within the Single Market that enables Europeans to compete globally .
Europeans , meanwhile , suffer from their aversion to immigration , their children 's increasing avoidance of math , science , and engineering , and the fact that the EU is closing itself off from internal competition in services , one of the most competitive sectors in the world economy .
Lack of competition within the EU also has security implications .
Given the importance of energy in our lives , it is understandable that many EU countries want to shield their companies from competition , and so oppose liberalizing the energy market .
It is almost an instinct among some politicians and business leaders that if competition is deemed unfair , the European Commission should marshal new trade defenses .
In the absence of international competition regulations to prevent predatory pricing and other anti-competitive activities , trade defenses are a second-best option .
Anti-dumping measures are frequently used against products that are simply so cheap that they pose a threat to European producers , even though that is no more than fair competition .
International trade is by definition a competition between companies on an uneven playing field .
In reality , what they do n't like is competition itself , and they fight it by deploying an instrument that can inflict even greater damage on themselves .
As for Brazil 's international role , a subtle competition is emerging with the US .
The entrance of Venezuela into the Brazilian bloc , Brazilian leadership at the United Nations mission in Haiti , and Brazil 's role in the Honduran affair are all part of this emerging competition .
First , integration of the Maghreb would create economies of scale and boost competition , establishing a market of more than 75 million consumers -- similar in size to several of the world 's most dynamic trading powers and certainly large enough to increase the region 's attractiveness to foreign investors .
It was advanced countries that imposed tariffs against `` unfair '' competition from abroad .
In the late 19th century , Europe 's land-based aristocracy was weakened by the competition of cheap grain and other foods shipped across the oceans .
So it mobilized small-scale farmers , artisans , and small producers who shared the landed elite 's belief that unfettered competition was harmful .
For their members , international competition is a major threat as imports or immigrants may cut the wages of less skilled workers .
Consequently a demand for the exclusion of the products of `` unfair competition '' is transmitted to main-stream center-left parties , such as the French Socialists or America 's Democrats .
Similarly , capitalism depends on competition , but competition can be brutal and destructive .
As a result , elaborate systems of laws are needed to ensure that competition is open and fair , that monopolies and trusts do not destroy competition itself .
Chrome is a breakthrough because it offers a completely novel approach to a dilemma created by the legal and regulatory regime of competition policy in the world 's two major legal jurisdictions , the United States and the European Union .
IBM 's leasing model seemed to challenge the entire legal philosophy of US competition policy that was established in the New Deal era .
President Franklin Roosevelt had originally wanted to control American business by setting price levels , but when the US Supreme Court rejected this approach , his administration started to use competition policy to challenge the positions of market-dominant companies .
Competition policy , however , faces great difficulty in dealing with industries in which technical breakthroughs can create apparently instant monopolies .
The EU , which has looked increasingly to the US model for competition law , began proceedings against Microsoft in 1993 .
There has always been uncertainty about the best design of a banking system , and there has always been competition between different sorts of banking regulation .
The empirical study of happiness has produced evidence that the satisfaction from buying objects is short-lived and depends on continued repetition . That is socially , morally , and environmentally wasteful .
Banking is inherently competitive ; but at the same time , it is not an industry where competition ever worked very well .
In the case of the banks that required state rescues , European competition rules are requiring divestment and downsizing .
Institutions such as Royal Bank of Scotland , which for a time in 2009 headed the list of the world 's largest international banks , are being pruned by the EU 's Directorate General for Competition .
Mexico , Brazil , Central Europe , Indonesia , and even Sri Lanka are worried about competition from lower wages .
Although much of the world recognizes that it is in economic competition with China , it often fails to see that it is also in moral competition with China .
India has invested $ 150 million in a gas exploration deal off the Arakan coast of Myanmar , and India 's state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corporation and Gas Authority of India Ltd. have taken a 30 % stake in two offshore gas fields in direct competition with PetroChina , which has also been given a stake .
These differences will hardly break the basic trans-Atlantic alliance built on the foundation of common values and interests . But they will necessarily heighten elements of competition , including competition for Russia .
But in the last 16 years it has begun to reap the fruits of genuine democratic competition , because an independent judiciary and electoral commission gives people confidence that their vote can make a difference .
But it would not have worked without the crucial role played by competition .
The central issue in Russian politics is not the battle for votes . More significant by far is the competition for power that takes place in the bowels of the presidency .
But Ivanov , who is perceived as `` strong , '' would provide unwelcome competition to Putin , who , after all , remains a `` strong '' president .
Next came the Eurovision Song Contest , an annual competition of pop -LRB- rarely first class -RRB- European singers , at which Russia 's Dima Bilan gained first prize for his musical clip `` Believe . ''
In many European capitals , outrage over American capital punishment has triggered angry street demonstrations , with one former US ambassador reporting that his embassy had received an anti-death penalty petition signed by 500,000 local citizens .
President George W. Bush initially responded to the diplomats ' brief by saying we `` should never execute anybody who is mentally retarded , '' although , as governor of Texas , he had opposed legislation to ban the practice and rejected clemency petitions for retarded convicts .
Despite many ups and downs -- and fierce competition from other major automobile manufacturers , including the Indian giant Tata Motors -- Suzuki succeeded in establishing its brand as India 's `` people 's car . ''
Suzuki chose an untapped market while Japan 's bigger automakers -- Toyota , Nissan , and Honda -- engaged in fierce competition within Japan .
For example , in producing nuclear energy , the decay reactions repeat many times , with the imperfections of every repetition resulting in a loss of predictive power of computations .
To navigate it , we need strong political will around the world -- leadership over brinksmanship , cooperation over competition , and action over reaction .
These social democrats were once part of a socialist , revolutionary , or reformist left , tightly allied with labor unions . But they ultimately accepted the market economy , and came to lean toward ideological moderation and to compete for votes in the political center . At the same time , motivated by their political competition and their own leftist ideology , these social democratic governments emphasize both economic growth and social inclusion .
But the West now faces serious competition from the rising nations of Asia , where education in math and science is flourishing .
In general , competition in science and technology is a blessing -- the more advanced a nation is , the better a customer it is .
These orders of magnitude require metaphors and repetition , but they serve as crucial concepts in our world , especially in cosmology and in evolutionary biology .
Europeans should subject Russian investments in EU markets to greater scrutiny and use competition law to launch investigations into monopolistic practices and money laundering for existing investments .
It relies on competition , rather than bureaucratic heavy-handedness , to achieve its goals .
Decision-making regarding consumption and production has largely been decentralized to individual households and firms , respectively ; economic incentives , markets , competition , and internationalization have to a considerable extent replaced command , administrative processes , monopoly , and autarky .
One reason is the domination of private firms on the production side . Another is the fact that `` socialism '' usually does not rely upon strong economic incentives and competition , which are the dominant economic factors in today 's China .
One purpose of this was to increase competition and freedom of choice .
To this end , he stripped the political system of competition , emasculated state institutions , marginalized the opposition , and basically eliminated public participation .
Russian leaders ' high ratings do not , however , indicate a rational preference for the incumbents over potential contenders ; with political competition in Russia eviscerated , comparison and choice are not part of the political left .
But it would at least restore the truth about the Cultural Revolution , summarizing its lessons in order to avoid repetition .
People began taking matters into their own hands by attending rallies , signing petitions , and donating to political parties and activist groups in unprecedented numbers .
Though political resistance and financial limitations have slowed expansion , this is arguably the most far-reaching universal coverage scheme , because it creates competition among all kinds of insurers and health care providers .
As economies open up , as countries do what they do best , competition and innovation drive up rates of growth .
More competition means that previously sheltered companies must shape up and become more productive , innovating simply to survive .
Both the EU and Russia have advantages to offer , so competition between them could be fierce .
Indeed , were it not for the 400 fathers who petitioned for the rescue of their kidnapped children who had been sold into slavery , Hongdong County would still remain a tourism hot spot for Chinese people seeking their roots .
Second , a majority of parliamentarians must sign a petition declaring null and void the extension of Lahoud 's term .
Its economy is a variant of crony capitalism , in which economic success depends on one 's political connections , rather than on the meritocratic free-market competition from which liberty grows .
It highlights the contrast between initiative and apathy , enterprise and obedience , competition and total dependence on a state that embodies a kind of unshakable fate .
A stupid competition arose between two nightmares , the Holocaust and the Gulag , totalitarian Nazism and totalitarian communism .
Even the much-praised notion of competition seems fake and cynically manipulated by the `` corporate '' mentality that now pervades the world of culture -- by the financial pre-selection that determines what publishers , producers , and other impresarios will support .
Just imagine what might have happened with the works of , say , Proust , Kafka , Musil , Faulkner , or Borges had they been subjected to mass-market competition like shoes or cosmetics .
The Anglophone strategy focuses on freeing up the remittance market by encouraging competition , relaxing regulatory constraints for non-bank operators , offering financial incentives , encouraging technical and financial innovation , and stimulating collaboration among market players .
While immense new opportunities have opened up for Europe 's citizens and businesses , global competition for trade and investment has never been tougher .
We muddled reform on our own . For we often sought to import tried and tested Western practices -- private property , the free market , competition , strict observance of human rights , the creation of civil society , representative democracy -- in diluted forms that would somehow help us maintain elements of Socialism .
In a petition , they asked the ICC to investigate mass rapes committed by all parties in the conflict .
Now that the housing bubble has burst , the US finds itself out-trained , out-educated , and out-maneuvered in the global competition for employment .
The `` social rights '' in Part II are seen as compensating voters on the left for , say , enshrining `` competition '' as a fundamental objective of the Union in Part I. But neither provision belongs in the Constitution .
If a political compromise is needed , `` competition '' should be removed as a fundamental Union objective .
Where adaptation to ruthless international competition and rapid technological change calls for flexibility and individual responsibility , the dominant culture in France continues to be one of assistance and entitlement .
The EU is putting together an energy and environment strategy that aims to end the self-defeating competition within Europe for oil and gas , while also establishing Europe as global leader in the effort to halt climate change .
Most telling in Russian eyes has been EU countries ' competition for oil and gas contracts , which has done much to convince the Kremlin that Europe is not a political force to be reckoned with .
The European Commission 's watchword has been that the integrity of the Single Market must be defended at all costs , and that it will use its formidable legal powers to ensure that bailouts and other state aid by EU governments do not distort fair competition .
As regulation is a form of competition between governments , focusing on improved regulation increasingly looks like the best channel of influence available to OECD countries .
It resuscitated its World War II enemies and fostered economic development in countries around the world , and established a security umbrella that helped Europe and Asia focus more on diplomacy and economic growth than on military competition .
Thousands of his countrymen had written letters petitioning for his release , at a time when declaring solidarity with Czechoslovakia 's most famous dissident was a clear and dangerous act of civil disobedience .
But , while we see inequality and exclusion in club-level football , the opposite is true for competitions between national teams .
Eto'o can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon .
The Chinese are comforted in their self-image by the world 's combination of admiration for their dynamism , greed for the market they constitute , and apprehension for the competition they represent .
It is tempting for Europeans to project their own history onto Asia and to view current developments there as a mere repetition , if not an imitation , of what occurred in Europe .
The Hollow Heart of the West BERLIN -- It is tempting to compare NATO and the European Union to the French and Italian football teams in this year 's Euro 2008 competition .
This has been said many times , but repetition does not diminish its importance .
In terms of democracy , there is no competition of course between India and China .
The genes of war now express themselves on the soccer field ; competition for land has been replaced by competition for medals and titles .
One Europe with more jobs , freer competition and simpler and better rules for the benefit of companies , consumers and workers .
One Europe able to stand its ground in the coming global competition .
These two networks are very often in competition , if not in conflict , with each other , reflecting the current Iranian political turmoil .
Fair rather than free competition in trade is proposed , but what does this mean if member states are not able to reach consensus on how to make it happen ?
Yet not all minorities long subject to discrimination necessarily succeed under conditions of market competition .
While NATO and the EU have improved their working relations , more steps need to be taken to eliminate mistrust , unhealthy competition , and information-sharing blockages .
The main causes of the fighting that has afflicted the DRC for so long have been competition for control of that impoverished country 's vast natural resources and neighboring Rwanda 's effort to wipe out what it sees as a potential threat posed by perpetrators of the 1994 genocide who took refuge in the DRC .
The countries that lie between the European Union and Russia are not only a source of geopolitical competition between Europe and Russia , but now intersect with the national interests of the world 's rising powers , particularly China .
Individual teams are to enter a pan-European competition to determine the best of the best , opening a free space for scientific curiosity and enabling the unforeseeable outcomes that are characteristic of cutting-edge research .
The relentless competition for talent and skills is being underscored daily by the increases in R&D investment in China and India , whose growing middle classes are only too keen to seek better educational opportunities for their children .
Science and technology have an enormous stake in this development , and worldwide competition for the best brains is already acutely felt in European universities .
The women , facing a crowd of furious men calling them `` whores '' and other epithets , marched two miles under a rain of abuse and delivered their petition against the law to legislators .
Analysts such as John Mearsheimer of the University of Chicago have flatly proclaimed that China can not rise peacefully , and predict that `` the United States and China are likely to engage in an intense security competition with considerable potential for war . ''
Manufacturing workers and high-tech professionals alike in Europe and America are being challenged by global competition .
After 22 million Chinese signed a petition against Japanese membership of the United Nations Security Council , Premier Wen Jiabao announced China 's opposition to such a step .
But , given the danger of incidents that could grow out of political competition in Taiwan or growing impatience in the Peoples ' Liberation Army on the mainland , the US would be wise to encourage more active contacts and negotiations by the two sides .
It will be interesting to see how these classical stereotypes play out in the American presidential competition this year .
They complain that the undervalued renminbi represents unfair competition , destroying American jobs , and contributing to the United States ' trade deficit .
In addition , even though studies suggest that the short-term , directly measurable economic benefits at the national level are relatively small , and unskilled workers may suffer from competition , skilled immigrants can be important to particular economic sectors .
While one can understand the resistance of ordinary American citizens to competition from foreign immigrants during a period of high unemployment , it would be ironic if the current debate were to lead to policies that cut the US off from one of it unique sources of strength .
But Europe should be doing better . It should act with greater imagination to unleash more genuine economic freedom and competition , stop championing national enterprises , and start giving the European Central Bank more support .
When it comes to internal competition policies , most European countries still think within the national `` box . ''
Moreover , business failures due to premature euroization will inevitably increase as chronically weaker domestic firms and financial institutions become fully exposed to EU competition before making adequate corporate governance improvements and efficiency gains .
In a speech just prior to the recent G-20 summit , British Prime Minister Gordon Brown warned President-elect Barack Obama against bailing out America 's struggling Big Three automakers , arguing that global competition has made their decline irreversible .
After all , according to conventional wisdom , global competition moves jobs to low-cost countries and puts downward pressure on wages everywhere else .
But protectionism need not be the only alternative to fear of global competition .
In the Scandinavian countries , as in the US , foreign competition intensified sharply during the past decade .
As competition intensified and production started moving to the Baltic States and Eastern Europe , Sweden 's policy answer was to upgrade the skills of the work force .
Entrepreneurs need to face competition in order to develop , whereas individuals who are laid off may have difficulties getting back into productive work .
As trade minister of Sweden for most of this period , I never hindered or postponed import competition .
Intense foreign competition and rapid technological change does not have to be a race to the bottom .
China 's policy creates adversarial currency competition with the rest of the world .
Part of the difficulty of exposing this narrowness is that there is a family split among neo-classical economists between those who believe that real-world market economies approximate perfect competition and those who do n't .
The MIT School , by contrast , argues that real-world economies are afflicted by pervasive market failures , including imperfect competition and monopoly , externalities associated with problems like pollution , and an inability to supply public goods such as street lighting or national defense .
They are lucky that hostility to competition in what purports to be the homeland of free-market capitalism has kept Asian airlines out of their domestic marketplace .
Europeans have to adjust to it , rise to its challenges , and confront competition from the emerging powers .
In the US-China relationship , the RMB exchange rate has become a touchstone for broader anxieties about competition from China .
As globalization advances and economies become more tightly integrated , worries about the effects of foreign competition -- through trade or through foreign investment -- have fueled economic nationalism and protectionist sentiments .
This , in turn , requires a proper procedure , based on transparent competition , for the initial sale of prospecting rights , as well as a well-designed tax system to collect revenues from subsequent corporate profits .
Some recent sales of prospecting rights in Africa have been spectacularly deficient in terms of transparency and competition .
According to Graham , `` At the extreme , a weak Russia , with its vast resources and sparse population east of the Urals , could become the object of competition among the great powers , notably China and the United States . ''
What America 's affirmative action programs may not do is set quotas for minorities , as this prevents competition between different groups .
Nordea tried to get the deposit guarantee rules changed to create a level playing field in which a cross-border merger would not distort competition between banks .
In that tradition , the economist Milton Friedman wrote , in his 1962 book Capitalism and Freedom : `` there is one and only one social responsibility of business -- to use its resources and engage in activities designed to increase its profits so long as it stays within the rules of the game , which is to say , engages in open and free competition without deception or fraud . ''
One is that they intervene directly in markets , both domestic and across borders , to reduce competition and volatility while they rebuild their buffering capacity .
Movements like the Tea Party have thus tended keep in check those who , after a crisis of the sort that America has had , typically want more government action , including curbing markets and competition .
Trade integration exposed domestic banks and firms to foreign competition , limiting national governments ' ability to intervene on behalf of favored domestic companies .
Similarly , the European Commission deemed subsidies to publicly-owned firms illegal if they distorted competition across member states , while the fiscal discipline imposed by the Euro ended pervasive general government credit subsidies -- the essential lubricant of relationship-based systems .
The EU can buck this anti-market trend by promoting structural reforms in southern European countries and focussing on enlargement to increase economic competition .
But it should maintain a clear division of power between local and central authorities at all levels to maintain strong competition and a healthy diversity of interests .
In his December 1953 UN General Assembly `` Atoms for Peace '' address , US President Dwight Eisenhower sought to relax atomic weapons competition with the Soviet Union by calling for the creation of an international nuclear fuel bank stocked with superpower fissile material . Management would come from a new global nuclear organization .
With the Soviet Union 's collapse , a unique opportunity to end the nuclear competition emerged .
So we start by introducing some real competition into the mortgage lending business .
For every worker and firm affected adversely by import competition , there is one or more worker and firm expecting to reap the benefits of access to markets abroad .
Which is better for economic growth -- a strong guiding hand that is free from the pressure of political competition , or a plurality of competing interests that fosters openness to new ideas and new political players ?
Its future economic progress depends in no small part on whether it manages to open its political system to competition , in much the same way that it has opened up its economy .
Global competition has whipped many of the region 's industries into shape and fostered significant productivity gains in advanced sectors , but these gains have remained limited to a narrow segment of the economy .
Incentives , competition , hard-budget constraints , sound money , fiscal sustainability , property rights are central to the ways in which economists think about policy and its reform .
Competition can be maintained by a combination of free entry and laissez-faire , or by a well-functioning regulatory authority .
The United States has experienced steady de-industrialization in recent decades , partly due to global competition and partly due to technological changes .
The loss of US manufacturing jobs accelerated after 2000 , with global competition the likely culprit .
Bargaining over the economic surplus is often open-ended , especially if competition is weak .
Part of the problem is the emergence of China , whose ultra-low wages provide tough competition for Mexico , where wages are merely very low .
You can tell Latin Americans or Africans that Asia 's unquenchable thirst for natural resources will keep pushing up the prices of their commodity and agricultural exports in perpetuity , turning wheat fields into gold mines . But all their politicians seem to want to worry about is protecting doomed domestic manufacturers against low-wage Asian competition .
Their leaders must do more to tackle entrenched domestic interests and encourage foreign competition .
Competition among countries for skilled individuals and profitable industries , in turn , constrains governments ' abilities to maintain high tax rates on the wealthy .
His petition was first denied by the Guatemalan electoral authority and then by the Supreme Court .
Competition must be encouraged , as more rural entrepreneurship will strengthen the farming community , with fewer farmers but better farms .
The negotiations would discuss the range of options open to each country and region -- from CCS to solar , wind , and nuclear power -- and would sketch a timetable for a new generation of low-emission automobiles , recognizing that market competition as well as public financing will set the actual pace .
One hundred years later , competition is again stirring .
The US and Europe are in direct competition with Brazil , China , India , and other emerging economies , where wage levels are sometimes one-quarter those in high-income countries -LRB- if not even lower -RRB- .
Unemployment in the US now stands at nearly 10 % of the labor force , in part because more new jobs are being created in the emerging economies , and many of the jobs now being created in the US pay less than in the past , owing to greater global competition .
Now competition for those supplies is intensifying , as China , India , and others bid for the same -LRB- depleting -RRB- resources .
Only one high-income region has done a reasonably good job of preparing its youth , and its overall economy , for tough global competition : Northern Europe , including Germany and Scandinavia -LRB- Denmark , Finland , Norway , and Sweden -RRB- .
Governments should promote high-quality education , to ensure that young people are prepared to face global competition .
There are aspects of growth that are like head-to-head competition , in which the gains of one country or region can be at the expense of another country or region .
The competition is fierce to attract the project , and usually involves tax breaks , commitments on infrastructure , and even promises about the engineering curriculum in the local university .
If the Middle East is already at a breaking point , imagine what could happen if competition for Middle East oil intensifies among America , Europe , China , India , Japan , and others .
It sees competition as the most effective means to promote economic growth , but also embraces state interference , when necessary , to secure equality of opportunity , social solidarity , and social balance .
Unfortunately , despite the efforts of NATO and the EU , Europe 's defense sector remains fragmented , which leads to duplication , unhelpful competition from too many rival systems , and , significant capability gaps or incompatibilities .
Competition among countries to attract investors is intense , and only a few , such as China or India , are able to negotiate on equal terms with the industrialized world .
Ironically , the pact even limits market competition to protect powerful special interests , undercutting the core principles of free trade .
Consider pharmaceuticals . For American drug companies , this agreement extends the time period during which brand-name pharmaceuticals have exclusive access to markets , postponing the entry of generic drugs and thus limiting competition .
So long as the USSR did not stage a military attack , containment 's reliance on economic sticks and carrots , competition within the world communist movement , intelligence and diplomacy , and promoting the vitality of the capitalist democracies would guarantee security .
By contrast , Thailand 's government and local elite seem content to remain a provincial country shielded from global competition in science and technology .
Competition is not a zero-sum game .
Similar changes can be expected in other countries , as the importance of scientific competition and entrepreneurship becomes better understood .
Policies that allow scientists to compete for resources nurture creative competition and allow people to construct appropriate incentives and risk-management structures .
One reason is that the expanding development and use of new information technology , notably cell phones and the Internet , shrinks the world and makes competition from abroad more plausible .
Increased fear of competition from emerging countries is also a natural consequence of the collapse of the speculative bubble in equities in 2000 ; stock markets in some countries fell to less than half their peak value .
Increased economic anxiety has , unsurprisingly , fueled increasing unease about foreign competition .
Growing fear of foreign competition ought to explain a lot of things in the future .
Fear of competition from abroad is now fundamental , and will change the political process in advanced and relatively advanced emerging countries throughout the world .
The AFL-CIO , the United Auto Workers and the United Steel Workers then petitioned Congress -- against strong opposition from business interests -- to establish the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation in 1974 to insure private pensions against companies ' failure to honor them .
They live in a world where economic decisions are fundamentally ambiguous , because the future does n't seem to be a mere repetition of a quantifiable past .
As a comprehensive monopoly , an industry-wide union achieves higher wages than would be possible under conditions of competition , i. e. without any unions , and consequently increases unemployment .
By contrast , setting rules unilaterally would be a recipe for global disaster , because competition between governments to create advantages for their own banking sectors would merely reproduce the inadequate regulations that resulted in lemon banking in the first place .
Indeed , Germany is currently the spoiler in the competition to provide billions to prevent a breakdown of the world economy .
Unless and until German workers accept the need for greater flexibility in the face of global competition , export profits will continue to be invested abroad , reducing overall production costs -- and reinforcing the bazaar economy at home .
Immigrants have crowded out domestic residents who prefer the benefits to engaging in low-wage competition with the newcomers .
If the home country were to remain responsible for welfare services to non-working immigrants , the erosion of West European welfare states that the theory of systems competition predicts could be halted .
Moreover , because competition between financial intermediaries steadily drives down the `` price of risk , '' the future became -LRB- in theory -RRB- virtually risk-free .
Here , too , the record since 1980 has been patchy , despite the huge deflationary pressure exerted by low-wage competition from Asia .
The full competition and information requirements ensure that all contracts are uncoerced -LRB- there is no monopoly power -RRB- and all expectations are fulfilled , i.e. , people get what they want .
The Bolsheviks inherited the autocracy of the Czars ; Putin rediscovered the old monarchical principle of anointing his successor , bypassing democratic competition for the presidency .
Ferguson snazzily summarizes the reasons for this reversal in six `` killer apps '' : competition , science , property rights , medicine , the consumer society , and the work ethic .
But the EU so far has chosen to ignore that Gazprom 's monopoly is a clear violation of the anti-trust and competition policies of the revised Rome Treaty and WTO obligations .
Now the accession negotiations have started , and 35 `` chapters '' -- covering everything from agriculture to energy , competition , environment , employment , social policy , and beyond -- must be opened .
Most public-sector industries have been near bankruptcy until saved by competition and privatization .
These institutions , based on free trade , competition , limited budget deficits , and sound money , are fundamentally pro-market ; there is little leeway within them for doctrinaire Socialism .
To avert a repetition , securities held by banks must carry a much higher risk rating than they currently do .
A one-size-fits-all approach , the British argue , is incompatible with existing differences between EU states : all that is needed is mutual recognition , leaving the rest to competition and investors ' choices .
Insufficient harmonization , however , has often allowed member states to erect barriers to competition , which can only be removed by consistent implementation of laws and standards .
The directive firmly , and rightly , frees competition among all trading venues , removing the privileges enjoyed by `` official '' exchanges .
Absent international coordination , the opportunities for destructive regulatory competition will defeat regulatory reform .
This brings their structure closer to that of the advanced countries , introducing greater competition in what was once the advanced countries ' sole territory -- the most sophisticated of value-added goods and services .
As the scope of the private sector expands , legal structures and policies that support competition , entry and exit , market openness , intellectual property , and social safety nets will also be needed .
If not , citizens may demand protection from foreign competition .
A new institutional arrangement might entail the creation of a set of trust funds - say , for education or health , or the environment - with competition among countries for projects helping to promote these objectives .
We must now conjoin self-interest with good intentions , especially because leaders in some countries -LRB- particularly the United States -RRB- seem afraid of competition from emerging markets even without any advantage they might receive from not having to pay for carbon emissions .
Meanwhile , an increase in the exchange rate is likely to contribute to inequality in China , as its poor farmers face increasing competition from America 's highly subsidized farms .
Brazil 's government , for instance , pushed one of the most successful telecom privatizations , but also pushed for stronger competition and regulatory policies .
In others , monopolies in trade deprive countries of the advantages of international competition , while monopolies in cement significantly raise the price of construction .
· Competition . Everyone advocates `` fair competition . '' But discussions about competition and fair trade again demonstrate the intellectual poverty and inequity of trade negotiations .
Foreign producers are accused of `` unfair '' competition far more easily than domestic producers .
So developing countries worry that efforts to introduce `` competition '' within trade negotiations will only make life even more difficult .
It is not the Rockefellers and the Gateses of this world that are the strongest advocates of a `` level playing field '' and respect for law -LRB- including the law of competition -RRB- .
The Commission highlights other issues that have received insufficient global attention - such as tax competition among developing countries , which shifts more of the tax burden from business to workers . In still other areas , the Commission 's report argues for more `` balanced '' perspectives .
After all , if America , with its relatively low level of unemployment and social safety net , finds it must take action to protect its workers and firms against competition from abroad - whether in software or steel - such action by developing countries is all the more justified .
Competition is another example .
Without competition , lowering tariffs may merely be reflected in higher profit margins for a monopoly importer .
The most important competition issue for developing countries , however , is reform of dumping duties .
Now that rich countries no longer need to worry about losing the developing world to Communism , they have an opportunity to redefine the global economic order according to the same principles on which they built successful national economies : fair competition and social justice .
Competing over Competition Policy
Competing over Competition Policy global aluminum cartel .
Every government has the right -- indeed , the obligation -- to ensure that there is competition within their borders .
The fact that it did not let corporate influences dominate its decision is testimony to the leadership and integrity of Mario Monti and Romano Prodi and the integrity and commitment to competition in Europe .
A century ago America created its competition laws because of the concern that monopoly interests would seek to dominate markets by `` capturing '' government .
Today , with globalization , we have another check : independent competition authorities check each other .
Among the most important rules of the game are those about competition .
Many developing and transition economies , indeed , were told : open up your economy to international trade and that will suffice to ensure competition .
Strong competition policy is not just a luxury to be enjoyed by rich countries , but a real necessity for those striving to create democratic market economies .
In other words , individuals -- usually assumed to be identical -- fully use all available information to forecast the future in an environment of perfect competition , no capital market shortcomings , and full insurance of all risks .
Even countries seemingly committed to competitive markets do n't like being beaten at their own game , and often trump up charges of `` unfair competition . ''
Competition will force some to work harder , to become more efficient , or to accept lower profits .
Meanwhile , heightened international competition kept the lid on inflation , and interest rates remained low , giving a further boost to consumer spending and completing what looked like a virtuous growth circle .
At the international level , cooperation and coordination among countries are needed to counteract the pressures of the current `` race to the bottom '' in the global competition for investment and markets .
The manufacturing sector , squeezed by stagnating productivity and competition from China and other low-cost producers , is no longer competitive .
These `` outsiders '' were often neglected in Europe 's traditional political competition , and their demands received little or no attention .
What these newly influential voters want is clear : less immigration , crackdowns on crime , more economic opportunities , but also more protection against economic risk and international competition .
With these firms now exposed to foreign competition from low-cost producers in Asia and Eastern Europe , Italy 's share of world exports has been shrinking in recent years .
Italy has a few large corporations , mainly in services , utilities , or sectors shielded from competition .
In a well functioning democracy , electoral competition between government and opposition induces the government to pursue efficient policies .
Not so in Italy , where the main site of electoral competition has always been within the governing coalition .
By reducing transaction costs and removing exchange-rate uncertainty , the single European currency was expected to lead to fully integrated product and financial markets . This , in turn , would bring greater gains from trade , stronger competition , larger cross-border capital flows , lower borrowing costs , and more opportunities for sharing risk , all of which were expected ultimately to boost investment and productivity .
· The euro was expected to increase price transparency , thereby strengthening competition in product markets .
But when it comes to economic development , these fundamental rights are more important than other purely political aspects of democracy , such as universal suffrage and genuine political competition .
Allowing free elections and true political competition is also critically important , but this should follow economic reforms , not precede them .
Services are sheltered from competition , hindering both productivity growth and job creation in these sectors .
Compared to other countries at about the same level of development , France stands out as being highly suspicious of the benefits of competition -LRB- only Belgium fares slightly worse in this regard -RRB- .
Increasing the tax burden seems almost a natural part of such a mindset , as does ignorance of the need for increased economic competition .
Rent-seeking tends to lead to policy failure in the form of intense political competition aimed at gaining short-term access to revenues and benefits , as opposed to political competition over what policies might be in the long-term public interest .
So transatlantic coordination is needed , to ensure that any trade of sophisticated arms and weapons-related technologies with China does nothing to enhance China 's military power , and that competition between Western producers of goods that may legitimately be sold to China does not damage Western political unity .
Kazakhstan 's historical ties to Russia and its geographical proximity to China have caused a keen competition between those two countries for influence .
But the concrete policies needed to realize this aim are not , since reforming the welfare state and labor markets means more competition , which scares many citizens .
Aside from ignorance of the Lisbon Strategy among the public and inaction on long-term reforms among the member states , a second problem concerns the lack of acceptance of the virtues of competition -- the most effective way to ensure quality , innovation , and low prices for consumers .
Competition also puts an end to rent seeking and protection of traditional corporate advantages .
Of course , we must limit the scope of competition : there is no reason , for example , to extend it to taxation .
Similarly , while competition will improve the quality of research and education , this does not imply reduced public funding , a lower priority for basic research , or the elimination of scholarships .
Perhaps most importantly , competition is a powerful means to restore democracy and modernize political institutions by compelling policymakers to ensure transparency and accountability .
We must explain to citizens Europe 's contribution to public ethics , and the democratic virtues of fair competition in economic , political , and social life .
Moreover , India has attempted to establish strategic ties with countries that China sees as falling within its own sphere of influence -LRB- from Mongolia to Vietnam , including direct competition over Myanmar -RRB- .
The newly globalized India can no longer content itself with mediocrity in this global competition .
Congressional action in America was the last act of a long drama , and it cleared the way for US companies to bid for Indian nuclear contracts , an area in which they will face stiff competition from France and Russia .
-LRB- To the dismay of Indian liberals , a judge has admitted a petition against the filmmakers , but it is difficult to believe the case will go far . -RRB-
Even this limited version would constitute progress ; most of the gains arise from removing the red tape that complicates cross-border establishment of small and medium-size service enterprises and limits competition in broad sectors of the economy .
The second problem is inadequate competition .
We work with the private sector and not in competition with it .
Good government is not a competition . It 's not about winning or losing , or whose view or will prevails .
European competition policy , which successfully brought giant companies like Microsoft into line to promote competition , could help to turn Gazprom into a normal competitor , too .
So , instead of promoting growth , the `` united economic space '' will retard it by discouraging competition and investment .
But I do believe that , for these canards to be discarded , Russia and Ukraine must open themselves to global competition , not isolate themselves with each other .
But this supposed free-trade zone seems more like a recipe to enrich oligarchs and stifle competition , not promote trade .
Even in rural areas , there is now a wide choice of schools , and it seems that competition has improved the overall quality of Swedish schools , as non-public schools ' very existence has created a demand for reform of public schools .
This is all the more remarkable insofar as the principle of competition on which it relies has taken root in a country where competition within the area of public services has not generally been accepted .
Like an off-road rally through a mountainous desert , it promises excitement and fierce competition .
And governments will determine whether we should prepare for bitter competition or a true team effort .
At the other extreme is Mexico , where competition with China is fierce .
Similarly , EU competition policy has stood firm for many years against monopolies and abuse of dominant market positions .
Another consequence is that regulatory competition is likely to increase in Europe , as companies are less bound by local interests to keep their headquarters at `` home '' if the tax or regulatory environment becomes unfavorable .
This puts India in direct competition with the West and other Asian countries to secure West African resources .
Whatever role India ultimately plays in Africa , perhaps its most important contribution could be to introduce competition .
BARCELONA -- The current global financial crisis has made evident the tremendous pressures to which competition policy is subject on both sides of the Atlantic .
In particular , competition policy has suffered a setback mostly because of the distortional aid measures to financial intermediaries , as well as a suspension of merger rules to save institutions .
The result is very weak competition among the players left .
Competition policy was attuned to deal with individual crises , but a systemic crisis has almost broken its back .
If large firms can shape the playing field in their favor through their influence on the political process and regulation -- thereby keeping out new entrants in their industries and shifting costs to society -- a whole new perspective on competition policy follows .
In Europe , the `` efficiency view '' of competition policy also prevailed .
BARCELONA -- Central bankers and regulators tend to worry that too much competition in the financial sector increases instability and the risk of systemic failure .
Competition authorities , on the other hand , tend to believe that the more competition , the better .
There is a trade-off between competition and stability .
In an ideal world , the competition-stability trade-off could be regulated away with sophisticated risk-based insurance mechanisms , credible liquidation and resolution procedures , contingent convertibles , and capital requirements with charges for systemic institutions .
The problem is that regulation is unlikely to eliminate completely market failures : the competition-stability trade-off can be ameliorated , but not eliminated .
But the devil is in the details , and , even in the most optimistic scenario , the trade-off between competition and stability will remain .
The UK 's ICB has rightly stated that there is room to improve both competition and stability , given the current weak regulatory framework , but it would be imprudent to strive for the complete elimination of market power in banking .
The design of optimal regulation has to take into account the intensity of competition in the different banking segments .
It follows , then , that prudential regulation and competition policy in banking should be coordinated .
An active competition policy will be needed .
But the degree to which the authorities will be able to push for more competition in banking will depend crucially on the regulatory framework .
The `` competition of ideas '' appears to be confined to al-Qaeda 's jihadi agenda .
Unless you want restrictions , unless you want a bigger role for the government ... This is America , democracy , freedom of speech , freedom of assembly , the freedom to petition your government .
In 1996 , however , the government opened the market to competition .
The biggest improvements for consumers , though , come not from privatization , but from competition .
A sound regulatory framework and effective enforcement are frequently necessary for introducing competition , as well as to protect investors and consumers in the presence of a newly-privatized firm that might otherwise be able to use its substantial market power to stifle and prevent competition .
But governments in developing countries are often accustomed to controlling all aspects of their economies and tend not to want regulators to promote competition .
Thus , even when regulatory agencies are crucial to encouraging competition in telecommunications , regulators are often given control over areas where there is no particular reason for government oversight .
It is irrelevant whether Internet regulations that fail to promote competition and protect consumers are passed by governments afraid of freely flowing information or , as in the case of the jailed entrepreneur , in order to protect established companies .
In short , the Chinese model reflects a combination of pragmatism , liberalism , and market competition , but with a strong dose of state intervention .
Consider the harsh treatment of the gadfly critic Liu Xiaobao , sentenced to 11 years in prison on trumped-up charges of `` subversion '' for launching an Internet petition drive championing civil liberties .
It boosted competition and innovation for professional traders and encouraged institutional market players , in particular , to trade across EU borders .
The question is not one of aligning tax rates , which can and should be determined by competition .
Centralized financial supervision would avoid the need for banks to duplicate reports to different authorities , allow financial rules and supervisory practices to be harmonized , and eliminate distortions to competition .
In other countries , policymakers set the course for banking modernization years ago and have reinforced competition since then -- to the benefit of customers and banks alike .
While public banks can -- and do -- buy private banks , the reverse is blocked by law , which distorts competition .
They protest , they petition , and they participate in local riots when all other means are exhausted .
All this competition has led to considerable hand-wringing in the West .
During a 2008 campaign stop , for instance , then-candidate Barack Obama spoke in alarmed tones about the threat that such academic competition poses to US competitiveness . `` If we want to keep on building the cars of the future here in America , '' he declared , `` we ca n't afford to see the number of PhDs in engineering climbing in China , South Korea , and Japan even as it 's dropped here in America . ''
In some countries , worries about educational competition and brain drains have led to outright academic protectionism .
There is every reason to believe that the worldwide competition for human talent , the race to produce innovative research , the push to extend university campuses to multiple countries , and the rush to train talented graduates who can strengthen increasingly knowledge-based economies will be good for the US as well .
Just as free trade provides the lowest-cost goods and services , benefiting both consumers and the most efficient producers , global academic competition is making free movement of people and ideas , on the basis of merit , more and more the norm , with enormously positive consequences for individuals , universities , and countries .
Moreover , for every South Korea , and every Hong Kong , we can also find developing countries where expanding education merely fueled competition for white-collar jobs in a bloated , deadweight state bureaucracy .
Some argue that rapid productivity gains from new technology , increased competition due to globalization , and the rise of internet-based electronic commerce created a world in which firms must steadily lower prices .
The EU , by design , increases economic competition , but France is ill equipped .
One after the other , most European countries have reformed their economies , shedding the cozy arrangements that used to protect every interest group from the pressure of competition .
Public education is in shambles and France 's higher education system now faces competition from other European countries .
The laggards are to be found only in the service industry , which is largely insulated from international production chains and even from internal European competition .
However , within these boundaries , internet-enabled activism , such as online petitions , have not only expanded the boundaries of traditional media reporting , but presaged some interesting new political consequences as well .
To prevent fraud , an acute problem in the past , the new law established a `` right of rescission , '' whereby the receiver can ask courts to rescind any action by a debtor that involves fraud , evasion , or unfair liquidation in the prescribed period before a bankruptcy petition is accepted and assets recovered . The system now holds the key to fairness liquidation .
It is in rebuilding Gaza that the stakes of the competition will increase .
Politically emboldened since the fall of Saddam 's regime and the resurgence of their brethren in Iraq , the Shia wasted no time in petitioning Crown Prince Abdullah to end both their exclusion from Saudi politics and their demonization as heretics by the Wahhabi religious establishment .
But this process has been politicized and ridden by an acute behind-the-scenes competition for influence among the major powers .
Although they do serve a useful purpose by keeping other players on their toes and raising efficiency through competition , market participants for the most part avoid them , preferring to do business with the Warren Buffetts -- hard-driving businessmen , but known for fair play and creating long-term value .
Whereas the original concept of IP involved shielding industries from international competition , today 's world requires integrating local productive capacity in global value chains .
Over-the-counter trading also contributes to the opacity of derivatives markets , further reducing competition and increasing the margin enjoyed by the traders -- and the prices that final users -LRB- mostly industrial firms -RRB- must pay .
To fix this problem , we need to move the bulk of derivative trading onto organized exchanges , where daily collateral requirements would guarantee systemic stability , and price transparency would force competition , reduce margins , and increase the market 's depth .
