A Star is Jailed BANGKOK -- Joseph Estrada , the disgraced former president of the Philippines , faces the prospect of spending his remaining years in prison after a special court in Manila found him guilty of amassing around US$ 15 million in bribes and kickbacks .
There is no underplaying the significance of the court 's unanimous decision to convict the first Philippine president ever to undergo a criminal trial .
This is , after all , the Philippines , where Imelda Marcos is still living free and easy .
Despite massive evidence of the widespread death , poverty , suffering , and dysfunction she and her late husband , the dictator Ferdinand Marcos , inflicted on the Philippines , the only real disappointment she has subsequently endured has been losing the last presidential election she was allowed to contest .
The Philippines is not a country used to seeing powerful people punished .
The wheels of Philippine justice need retooling , so much so that the country 's Chief Justice himself recently called for an emergency summit to discuss a rash of extra-judicial killings that have the claimed the lives of leftists , human rights workers , and journalists under President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo .
This suggests not only that justice in the Philippines has a chance ; equally important , it suggests that Filipinos will give justice a chance .
Likewise , Altiero Spinelli , another of the EU 's founding fathers , wrote late in life that without visionary Europeans there would be no Europe , but without pragmatic statesmen , the visionaries would have gotten nowhere .
The Philippines Joins the Asian Race
The Philippines also ranks fourth in the world in terms of shipbuilding .
Our sound fiscal management has been widely recognized , with all of the major credit ratings agencies upgrading the Philippines within our government 's first year .
And the World Economic Forum ranked us 75th in its latest Global Competitiveness Report -- a ten-spot jump from last year , and the Philippines ' highest ranking since it entered the survey .
The Philippines reopened for business under new management only a little more than a year ago .
On the institutional level , pluralism means that established religions can no longer take for granted that a particular population will supinely submit to its authority .
The Official Pursuit of Happiness
Since happiness is ultimately what people want the most , while wealth is only a means to that end , the primacy now accorded to economic growth would appear to be a mistake .
It is hazardous , therefore , for politicians simply to rely on opinion polls and focus groups to discover what will truly enhance people 's happiness .
Second , experiences that bring lasting pleasure or unhappiness do not always command a high priority in government circles .
The natural response to all this is to ask whether happiness research is really reliable enough to be used by policymakers .
So , overall , statistics about happiness seem to be as accurate as many of the statistics regularly used by politicians , such as public-opinion polls , poverty rates , or , for that matter , GDP growth -- all of which are riddled with imperfections .
Of course , happiness research is still new .
Thus , it would be premature to base bold new policies on happiness research alone , or to follow the example of tiny Bhutan by adopting Gross National Happiness as the nation 's principal goal .
Further research will doubtless provide more detailed and reliable information about the kinds of policies that add to people 's happiness .
After all , what could matter more to their constituents than happiness ?
Moreover , after his career is over , he is unlikely to become a manager of his sport like Jean-Claude Killy , the former Alpine skier who was co-president of the 1992 winter Olympics , or his fellow football legend Michel Platini , who helped coordinate the 1998 World Cup .
The same was true in the Philippines , Taiwan , Indonesia , and Thailand , and , indeed , in the Middle East , where democracy is yet to take root .
During the 1980 's , South Korea , the Philippines , and Taiwan managed to ditch their dictators , partly because they were utterly dependent on US arms and money .
The Marcos regime in the Philippines was doomed in the mid-1980 's from the moment the Catholic Church turned against it .
The Madonna-like status of Cory Aquino in the Philippines was inspiring in the heady days of People Power , but did little to bolster the institutions of a secular democracy .
And images of junkies and Muslim women in headscarves are contrasted in a promotional movie with idyllic pictures of Alpine scenery and efficient banks -- the People 's Party 's Switzerland .
South Korea has tightened its military alliance with the US , Japan has backed away from a move to get the US to move its Marine airbase out of Okinawa , and India , Vietnam , Indonesia , and the Philippines , among others , have drawn closer to the US .
The Philippines and Taiwan have chosen new presidents ; India and Malaysia have ushered in new parliaments and prime ministers .
This seems to be a more efficient - and politically more stable - form of democracy than the unhappy cohabitation that produces such ugly confrontations in Taiwan , South Korea , and the Philippines .
The Philippines ' Sanctuaries of Terror
Like previous host countries , the Philippines is a weak state , at peace with its neighbors and the West .
The terrorist attacks on the United States of September 11 , 2001 , galvanized American interest in the southern Philippines .
In the Philippines , the diagnosis is complicated by the fact that terrorists are embedded in a volatile Muslim insurgency with which the West has no quarrel .
Only in the Philippines do state failure , chronic insurgency , and proliferating ties between local and foreign terrorists come together in a lethal cocktail .
A crucial , if embryonic , mechanism in this campaign is the Ad Hoc Joint Action Group , established by the Philippine government and MILF negotiators to facilitate cooperation against `` lawless elements '' in MILF territory .
What matters is that mechanisms are in place that do make them leave , probably rather too late , and certainly with some pain and unhappiness , but in time for the constitution of liberty to remain intact .
Overcrowded classes in often inadequate physical surroundings without necessary equipment have led to ever longer periods of study , a deterioration in the quality of degrees , and much unhappiness among both students and professors .
The next 95 % would create much more happiness and opportunity if it was divided evenly among US citizens or others than if they were to consume any portion of it .
The American invasions of Iraq and Afghanistan , regardless of their relative merits , have unquestionably poisoned America 's standing among Asia 's 900 million Muslims , from Pakistan to the Philippines and all points in between .
In middle-income countries , prices would more closely reflect a country 's ability to pay -LRB- for example , GSK cut the price of its cervical cancer vaccine , Cervarix , by 60 % in the Philippines and gained a 14-fold increase in volume sales -RRB- .
Sanofi-Aventis recently announced that it would halve the price of its diabetes drug , Lantus , and cancer treatment , Taxotere , in Indonesia and the Philippines .
Venezuela now pines for the fat OPEC years of the 1970s -- which it missed , because it neglected to develop its oil industry .
The site is a pine forest near an old highway , distinguished by the small , regular depressions in the earth that are characteristic of such graves .
Common warriors were , explicitly and famously , the decision makers among Norsemen and in Swiss Alpine cantons in the early Middle Ages .
From the territorial disputes with Vietnam and the Philippines in the South China Sea to tensions with Burma -LRB- Myanmar -RRB- and Thailand , relationships that were sound , if not always friendly , have now soured .
Serbia 's claim to Kosovo is , to Serbs , far stronger than Russia 's claim to Chechnya , China 's to Xinjiang , India 's to Kashmir -LRB- a claim still disputed by Pakistan -RRB- , and the Philippines ' to the island of Mindanao .
The Philippines has effectively lost control of Mindanao , just as Serbia has lost control of Kosovo , yet no one has recognized Mindanao 's unilateral declaration of independence .
What does `` too fat '' mean in terms of individual happiness and health ?
This is not to say that there are no health problems associated with fat , but we have created a moral panic about the impact of increased weight on society , on the family , and on our happiness .
But the motivation for this art is common to every culture : imagine a talented host from any country whose manner is so easy that guests are wrapped in a mood of quiet happiness .
But siphoning the habits of one culture into another during a rebuilding process can trigger societal changes that are almost as damaging as the disaster itself , as happened in a small fishing villages in the Philippines in the late 1970 's .
In 1978 , Typhoon Rita wiped out the fleet of handmade wooden fishing boats in a group of sea-dependant Philippine communities .
A gene for social skills , we are told , has now entered the fast growing Pantheon of genes `` for '' various human behaviors and dispositions -- taking its place alongside genes for risk-taking , happiness , aggression , and sexual orientation , among others .
He is a hero of happiness .
The US has multiple alliance obligations -- with Japan , South Korea , Australia , the Philippines , and Thailand -- which are needed , in part , to deter North Korean aggression .
Just think of the images of recent storms and floods in the Philippines and Vietnam that displaced and killed thousands , and multiply those horrors manifold .
It is in times of crisis that Utopian ideas about ways of guaranteeing human happiness flourish , often claiming some scientific basis .
The empirical study of happiness has produced evidence that the satisfaction from buying objects is short-lived and depends on continued repetition . That is socially , morally , and environmentally wasteful .
Every country that has sent troops to aid America 's efforts in Iraq is under pressure , as the decision by the Philippines to withdraw its small contingent shows .
On the Spratley and Paracel islands -- seized from Vietnam and the Philippines respectively -- China is building port facilities to moor large surface ships and runways large enough to handle long-range bombers .
For this reason , China is attempting to use economic and military aid as leverage to improve relations even with countries with which it has had military confrontations with in the past , most prominently Vietnam and the Philippines .
Moreover , in January 2006 , Korean Defense Minister Yoon agreed with the Philippines to deliver two used patrol boats .
Repayments followed from other large debtors , including Indonesia , the Philippines , Serbia , and Turkey .
Indeed , democratic leaders with dynastic dreams have bedeviled India , the Philippines , Indonesia , Sri Lanka , Haiti , and many other countries .
From the `` People Power '' revolution that toppled Ferdinand Marcos in the Philippines in 1986 to Boris Yeltsin 's defiance of the attempted coup against Mikhail Gorbachev of August 1991 , to the Rose , Orange , and Cedar Revolutions of recent years , dictators have been forced to admit defeat when enough people stand up to them .
And , indeed , these young people laughed and danced not only in harmony but with a joie de vivre that lit up their faces and filled us all with happiness .
And earlier this summer , while hosting US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Vietnam encouraged her to intervene in the growing maritime disputes between China and Malaysia , the Philippines , Japan , and Vietnam itself .
China 's export machine sucks in vast quantities of parts and components for final assembly from across Asia -- Thailand , Malaysia , the Philippines , and Indonesia , as well as richer Singapore , Taiwan , South Korea , and Japan .
These principles matter , because Australia , Japan , South Korea , Thailand , the Philippines , India , Indonesia , Singapore , Malaysia , New Zealand , Vietnam , and even Mongolia all regard America 's military presence in the region as essential to counterbalancing China 's increasing might .
The doubts that many Asians now hold about China 's intentions are well grounded , given the secretive nature of China 's military build-up , and its leaders ' increasingly aggressive tone in territorial disputes with India , Japan , the Philippines , and Vietnam .
Vietnam and the Philippines have been bullied in this way recently , with both pushing back rather than submit to Chinese imposed terms .
Throughout its history , China has sought to treat its neighbors as vassals -- a mindset currently reflected in the way that it has approached negotiations with Vietnam and the Philippines over the South China Sea .
There is a precedent for this : when the US closed Subic Bay Naval Base and Clark Air Force Base in the Philippines , the Chinese military immediately stepped up its activity around the Spratly Islands , which are recognized as Filipino territory but which China is claiming vehemently .
By that definition , China considers the islands -LRB- whose ownership is disputed by Vietnam and the Philippines -RRB- as much a part of the mainland as Tibet and Taiwan , making any outside interference taboo .
Rejecting this , Clinton proposed that the US help establish an international mechanism to mediate the overlapping claims of sovereignty between China , Taiwan , the Philippines , Vietnam , Indonesia , and Malaysia that now exist in the South China Sea .
For China , Clinton 's intervention came as a shock , and , given the warm response she received from her Vietnamese hosts -- despite criticizing Vietnam 's human-rights record -- the US Secretary of State may well have raised the issue at least partly at their urging , and perhaps with additional prompting from Malaysia and the Philippines .
For example , it is fear of spreading turmoil from a collapsing North Korea that has made Chinese policy toward the North so supine .
A Chinese policy of pressure and great-power threats against Vietnam and\/or the Philippines over ownership of the Spratly Islands , or deliberate intimidation of China 's smaller South Asian neighbors , will continue to raise alarms across the Pacific and be seen as proof of the Chinese regime 's hegemonic ambitions .
The ECB 's paltry rate hike in December , together with the supine promise of no plans for further monetary tightening , demonstrates that Trichet is no Duisenberg .
Sensing public unhappiness , Premier Buzek and his ever-changing ministers stopped being activist . Overnight they moved from being a strong government to a weak , even cowardly , one .
He is spineless , devoid of principle , and retreats in the face of responsibility .
Switzerland repatriated $ 684 million of former President Ferdinand Marcos ' money to the Philippines and $ 700 million of General Sani Abacha 's funds to Nigeria , and , with other nations , returned to Peru more than $ 180 million stolen by former government official Vladimiro Montesinos .
Experts pressed for the inclusion of illnesses as questionable as `` chronic undifferentiated unhappiness disorder '' and `` chronic complaint disorder , '' whose traits included moaning about taxes , the weather , and even sports results .
It noted that people increasingly adopted informal means of expressing unhappiness with Hong Kong 's government , because they did not think that formal channels were sufficient .
The Great Organ Bazaar LUND , SWEDEN -- The Web site 88DB . com Philippines is an active online portal that allows service providers and consumers to find and interact with each other .
The costs of the operation , including the fees of the surgeons -- licensed in the United States , Great Britain , or the Philippines -- would be included in the price .
Such clinics can be found in many countries , including Iran , Pakistan , Ukraine , South Africa , and the Philippines .
Indeed , the Philippines is well known as a center of the illegal organ trade and a `` hot spot '' for transplant tourism .
Hector is one of the several hundred cases of kidney vendors documented by social workers in three impoverished towns in the Philippines ' Quezon province .
The vendors ' organs were transplanted to recipients mainly from the Philippines , Israel , Japan , South Korea , and Saudi Arabia .
Singh is one of the best economists in the world . At the same time , he demonstrated that he has a spine of steel when he refused to buckle under to severe pressures to renounce the India-United States nuclear deal .
Japan and South Korea were third in the amount of grid-connected solar photovoltaic panels added in 2008 ; the Philippines was second for total geothermal power and third for total biomass power ; Indonesia was third for total geothermal power .
Hunting after his own ghost -- an obvious sign of inner unhappiness -- Hidalgo searched for a place where dreams , reality , sainthood , love , and justice coexist .
As far as we know , Kundera never was an informer before or after this incident , and we can not ignore that he later freed himself from the compulsory totalitarian happiness that communism propagated .
At that fluid border between old and new people craved most what they had never had : freedom of thought and expression , information , the tools to debate and define their own happiness .
As the religious terrorists of September 11 , 2001 , proved , the human story and mankind 's history go on , as before , through ideas and conflicts , through projects of absolute happiness , through cruelty and disasters , revolutions and revivals .
In this respect , the Association of Southeast Asian Nations -LRB- Brunei Darussalam , Cambodia , Indonesia , Laos , Malaysia , Myanmar , Philippines , Singapore , Thailand , and Vietnam -RRB- constitutes an edifying example .
In the Philippines , 89 % of companies have women in senior management positions .
Thus , despots like Ferdinand Marcos in the Philippines and Chun Doo-hwan in Korea were jettisoned , because the price of supporting their despicable regimes became greater than the benefits .
Judith Rodin , the president of the Rockefeller Foundation , announced last October that her organization will provide funding to the International Rice Research Institute to shepherd Golden Rice through national regulatory approval processes in Bangladesh , India , Indonesia , and the Philippines .
Several ayatollahs opined that such talk about the Mahdi is unbecoming of a president or , worse , indicative of an unstable leader .
Things began to change in the 1980 's with the fall of military dictatorships in Latin America and in such East Asian countries as the Philippines and South Korea , and with the growing number of people engaged in the struggle for human rights in the Soviet empire .
The so-called `` love bug virus , '' launched in the Phillipines in 2000 , is estimated to have cost billions of dollars in damage .
Moreover , because this type of aquaculture is based predominantly in developing countries -LRB- mainly in China , but also in countries such as the Philippines and Bangladesh -RRB- , it supplies cheap animal protein right where it is needed .
The paradoxical finding here is that one great trick to being happy is to forget about being happy and instead try to increase the happiness of others .
Today , China has territorial claims against 11 of its 24 neighbors , including India , Japan , Vietnam , and the Philippines , in addition to Russia .
The broader implication is that we need to look beyond greedy bankers and spineless regulators -LRB- and there were plenty of both -RRB- for the root causes of this crisis .
The Philippine government has proposed that half of all scheduled debt payments be withheld for a specified period , to be invested in reforestation , clean water , housing , food production , primary healthcare , sanitation , basic education , farm-to-market roads , ecologically sound tourism , micro-finance , and related MDG projects .
We will take the harshest of measures in order that all Filipino interests inside and outside the Philippines will be subject to destruction ... Our measures will include assassinating prominent figures , foremost among them the Filipino President -LRB- RAMOS -RRB- ... We also have the ability to use chemicals and poisonous gas against vital institutions , residential populations , and drinking water sources ...
Their experience in guerrilla warfare produced leaders such as the brothers Abdurajak and Khadaffy Janjalani who founded the terrorist Abu Sayyaf Group , which is now wrecking havoc in the Philippines .
Indeed , just last November , a member of the Philippines ' Congress , Wahab Akbar , a Muslim representing Basilan , was killed with five others in front of the House of Representatives by an improvised explosive device of the type used in Pakistan , Afghanistan , and Iraq .
By strategizing `` out of the box '' and finding ways to link Obama 's Asian agenda with that of their own nations , Philippines President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo and other Asian leaders will be able to truly make the Pacific the central focus of the Obama administration 's diplomacy .
From a wider perspective , Ma and I exchanged views on the synergy of an emerging `` Central East Asia Growth Polygon '' -LRB- CEAGPOL -RRB- consisting of the Philippines , Taiwan , Hong Kong , Macau , and the Mainland Chinese provinces of Guangdong and Fujian -- plus , eventually , Hainan , Okinawa , and Guam\/Marianas .
In the tumult of the post-revolutionary period , she presided with surprising even-handedness over the unavoidable rivalries among different sides of the political spectrum . More importantly , Cory sparked the momentum for the Philippines to regain a position of respect , dignity and even admiration in the community of nations .
But the liberation she brought to us was just one battle in the generational struggle the people of the Philippines must wage to secure their liberation from poverty , inequity and injustice .
MANILA -- One of the main sources of tension in Asia nowadays are the Spratly Islands in the South China Sea , where the Philippines , Vietnam , China , and others have conflicting claims .
But the risk posed by these disputes is growing , because China 's relations with both the Philippines and Vietnam are at their lowest point in decades .
Last June , I gave the keynote speech at the celebrations marking the 36th anniversary of the establishment of Philippines-China diplomatic relations and the 10th anniversary of Philippines-China `` Friendship Day '' in the presence of 5,000 of my countrymen and a smattering of Chinese officials .
Now is the time for China , the Philippines , Vietnam , other claimants , and the US to take action to begin to diminish these tensions .
Studies of happiness show that unemployment reduces happiness by as much as the loss of a family member .
Many in Sarkozy 's governing UMP have become increasingly public in expressing their unhappiness with his decision-making method .
Since the first polling companies were created in the US , the UK , and France in the 1930 's , they have asked questions about happiness and attitudes about the future .
Today , they worry about spineless governments unable to take the tough actions needed to deal with the crisis .
Even there , you will find a residue of the intellectual sloppiness that the World Bank has displayed on this issue in the past .
The overwhelming consensus in the policy community is that if only the government had bailed out Lehman , the whole thing would have been a hiccup and not a heart attack . Famous investors and leading policymakers alike have opined that in our ultra-interconnected global economy , a big financial institution like Lehman can never be allowed to fail .
The intellectual father of the euro , Columbia University 's Robert Mundell , once famously opined that the optimal number of currencies in the world is an odd number , preferably less than three .
Sink or Swim in the Philippines MANILA -- The tragedy of the sinking of the Princess of the Stars ferry in the waters off Romblon in the Philippines -- with hundreds of corpses still believed trapped inside -- is proof that the country is prone not only to natural calamities , but to manmade ones as well .
If only Philippine authorities could learn the lessons of past tragedies , this latest one might well have been averted .
Philippine law , like that of most jurisdictions worldwide , classifies the business of transportation as a public convenience . It is undertaken not as an ordinary business under traditional conditions of laissez-faire , but as one vested with the public interest .
In theory , the Philippine authorities should have exercised their regulatory oversight with far more diligence . Instead , Manila port officials and the Philippine coast guard permitted the Princess of the Stars to set sail , despite clear warnings by the weather bureau that the ship was headed for the eye of the typhoon .
Surely , the fact that the Philippines is notorious for being one of the world 's most corrupt countries explains why non-seaworthy vessels with incompetent crews continue to ply their routes .
Part of the problem lies in the fact that Philippine law places a very low value on human life .
Indeed , in Philippine courts , the cost of indemnity for a human life is valued at only $ 2,500 .
Nevertheless , the refusal of Philippine courts to award damages beyond actual damages and nominal moral damages has made loss of life affordable to those who intend to be derelict in their contractual obligations .
But Philippine courts have refused to resort to the use of such damage awards as a tool for controlling behavior , particularly of businessmen .
Simply put , the Philippine courts have not made it sufficiently costly for it to maintain non-seaworthy vessels .
Worse , litigation in the Philippines takes at least five years on average to be concluded .
From the heart of Manhattan and Washington DC , to Baghdad , Kabul , Madrid , Bali , and the Philippines , a call to arms has been sounded , and the outcome of this struggle will determine the nature of our world for decades to come .
In Bhutan , the economic challenge is not growth in gross national product , but in gross national happiness -LRB- GNH -RRB- .
The second was about the individual and the meaning of happiness .
The question of how to guide an economy to produce sustainable happiness -- combining material well-being with human health , environmental conservation , and psychological and cultural resiliency -- is one that needs addressing everywhere .
Bhutan 's Buddhist tradition understands happiness not as attachment to goods and services , but as the result of the serious work of inner reflection and compassion toward others .
The Economics of Happiness
Against this backdrop , the time has come to reconsider the basic sources of happiness in our economic life .
Forty years ago , Bhutan 's fourth king , young and newly installed , made a remarkable choice : Bhutan should pursue `` gross national happiness '' rather than gross national product .
We assembled in the wake of a declaration in July by the United Nations General Assembly calling on countries to examine how national policies can promote happiness in their societies .
All who gathered in Thimphu agreed on the importance of pursuing happiness rather than pursuing national income .
The question we examined is how to achieve happiness in a world that is characterized by rapid urbanization , mass media , global capitalism , and environmental degradation .
Economic development that alleviates poverty is a vital step in boosting happiness .
Second , relentless pursuit of GNP to the exclusion of other goals is also no path to happiness .
In the US , GNP has risen sharply in the past 40 years , but happiness has not .
Third , happiness is achieved through a balanced approach to life by both individuals and societies .
Fourth , global capitalism presents many direct threats to happiness .
Fifth , to promote happiness , we must identify the many factors other than GNP that can raise or lower society 's well-being .
The search for happiness should not be confined to the beautiful mountain kingdom of Bhutan .
Many surveys show that it is almost like an addiction , with a short-term benefit leading to long-term unhappiness and remorse .
My moderate optimism should not disguise my unhappiness at America 's poor economic management .
Poor countries , especially the democracies of the developing world -- Brazil , South Africa , India , Mexico , Ghana , the Philippines -- should say , `` We need to act on the issues that concern us , not just on the issues that concern the US . ''
Indonesia and the Philippines are mired in political and economic instability .
Indonesia and the Philippines are weaker , overwhelmed by policy incoherence and fire-fighting at home , and with insufficient capacity to deal with the WTO 's burgeoning and increasingly complicated agenda .
For example , after China , India , and Pakistan began cracking down on illicit organ markets , many patients turned to the Philippines .
Last spring , after the Philippines banned the sale of kidneys to foreigners , a headline in the Jerusalem Post read , `` Kidney Transplant Candidates in Limbo after Philippines Closes Gates . '' -LRB- Israel has one of the lowest donation rates in the world , so the government pays for transplant surgery performed outside the country . -RRB-
Europeans are buying gemütliche Alpine ski chalets , glamorous condominiums with Mediterranean views in the South of Spain , and , increasingly , villas in picturesque sites in Turkey , Hungary , and Croatia .
If such growth rates continue , we will see relatively poor countries like India , Indonesia , the Philippines , or Nicaragua reach the average levels currently enjoyed by advanced countries in 50 years .
There is also the world financial crisis that attended the oil shocks of 1973 and 1979 , and there are the country-specific financial crises in Spain in 1977 , Chile in 1981 , Norway in 1987 , Finland and Sweden in 1991 , Mexico in 1994 , Indonesia , Korea , Malaysia , the Philippines , and Thailand in 1997 , Colombia in 1998 , and Argentina and Turkey in 2001 .
But research conducted over many years suggests that greater wealth implies greater happiness only at quite low levels of income .
More dramatically , people in Austria , France , Japan , and Germany appear to be no happier than people in much poorer countries , like Brazil , Colombia , and the Philippines .
Americans in the middle-income range today -- that is , a family income of $ 50,000 - $ 90,000 -- have a level of happiness that is almost identical to well-off Americans , with a family income of more than $ 90,000 .
Most surveys of happiness simply ask people how satisfied they are with their lives .
In an article published in Science on June 30 , they report that their data confirm that there is little correlation between income and happiness .
Of course , there is nothing new in the idea that money does not buy happiness .
What , then , does Buffett 's life tell us about the nature of happiness ?
Buffett reminds us that there is more to happiness than being in a good mood .
But , as Professor Richard Layard of the London School of Economics has argued in his recent book Happiness : Lessons from a New Science , promoting friendship is often easy , cheap , and can have big payoffs in making people happier .
Many recent studies show that spending time relaxing with family and friends contributes to how happy people are with their lives , while long working hours , and especially long commuting times , contribute to stress and unhappiness .
Governments ca n't legislate happiness or ban depression , but public policy can play a role in ensuring that people have time to relax with friends , and pleasant places to do it .
In his inauguration speech , American President Barack Obama said , `` The time has come to set aside childish things '' and instead to choose the noble idea that `` all are equal , all are free , and all deserve a chance to pursue their full measure of happiness . ''
Could it help us to appreciate that many things are more central to our happiness than our ability to spend money on fashion , expensive watches , and fine dining ?
In the past , jets flying into ash from volcanoes in the US , Indonesia , the Philippines , and Mexico have temporarily lost engine power , and in one case , dropped thousands of feet , although all managed to land safely .
Dean Karlan , a professor of economics at Yale University , examined ways to help some of the Philippines ' poorest people achieve their goals .
This approach to child-rearing is not unrelated to happiness : there is abundant evidence that those who are generous and kind are more content with their lives than those who are not . But it is also an important goal in its own right .
Can We Increase Gross National Happiness ?
PRINCETON -- The small Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan is known internationally for two things : high visa fees , which reduce the influx of tourists , and its policy of promoting `` gross national happiness '' instead of economic growth .
The two are related : more tourists might boost the economy , but they would damage Bhutan 's environment and culture , and so reduce happiness in the long run .
When I first heard of Bhutan 's goal of maximizing its people 's happiness , I wondered if it really meant anything in practice , or was just another political slogan .
Last month , when I was in the capital , Thimphu , to speak at a conference on `` Economic Development and Happiness , '' organized by Prime Minister Jigme Y. Thinley and co-hosted by Jeffrey Sachs , Director of The Earth Institute at Columbia University and Special Adviser to United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , I learned that it is much more than a slogan .
Instead , his address was a thoughtful review of the key issues involved in promoting happiness as a national policy .
Since ancient times , happiness has been universally seen as a good .
Problems arise when we try to agree on a definition of happiness , and to measure it .
One important question is whether we see happiness as the surplus of pleasure over pain experienced over a lifetime , or as the degree to which we are satisfied with our lives .
So , to measure happiness defined in that way , one would have to sample moments of people 's existence randomly , and try to find out whether they are experiencing positive or negative mental states .
But the question of which of these ways of understanding happiness best captures what we should promote raises fundamental questions of value .
We may agree that our goal ought to be promoting happiness , rather than income or gross domestic product , but , if we have no objective measure of happiness , does this make sense ?
That may be the case with the idea of happiness as the goal of national policy .
Can we learn how to measure happiness ?
Bhutan has a Gross National Happiness Commission , chaired by the prime minister , which screens all new policy proposals put forward by government ministries .
One controversial law that did go ahead recently -- and that indicates how willing the government is to take tough measures that it believes will maximize overall happiness -- is a ban on the sale of tobacco .
Last July , the UN General Assembly passed , without dissent , a Bhutanese-initiated resolution recognizing the pursuit of happiness as a fundamental human goal and noting that this goal is not reflected in GDP .
The resolution invited member states to develop additional measures that better capture the goal of happiness .
The General Assembly also welcomed an offer from Bhutan to convene a panel discussion on the theme of happiness and well-being during its 66th session , which opens this month .
These discussions are part of a growing international movement to re-orient government policies towards well-being and happiness .
We should wish the effort well , and hope that ultimately the goal becomes global , rather than merely national , happiness .
Before and after World War II , many skilled people came from Europe , Germany in particular ; in recent decades , Asian immigrants dominate , with India , Pakistan , and the Philippines occupying the top ranks .
The largely Catholic Philippines , Buddhist Thailand , and Confucian Singapore lag behind Indonesia in providing basic democratic rights to their people .
Neither , evidently , can central bank governors , at least when they opine in areas outside their immediate responsibility .
When unemployment rates in Iraq soared to 60 % , hiring Iraqis would have made sense ; but the contractors preferred to import cheap labor from Nepal , Philippines , and other countries .
Hot money moves out of the sub-prime market into food and other commodities , and suddenly poor city dwellers in the Philippines , Peru , and Cote d'Ivoire are faced with terrible hunger .
Established last November to spur progress on democratization in Burma , parliamentarians from Thailand , Indonesia , Malaysia , the Philippines , Singapore , and Cambodia took the unprecedented step of crossing national and party lines to review critically ASEAN policy on Burma , seek the release of Aung San Suu Kyi , and disqualify Burma from chairing .
This disorder presumes that using sex to relieve unhappiness , and feeling guilty about it , is also diagnosable .
At the recently concluded 11th People 's National Congress , the word heard most often in policy discussions was `` happiness , '' which had suddenly replaced `` economic growth '' as the official mantra .
This change may augur future adjustments in China 's foreign policy as well , for `` happiness '' is a word used more frequently in Chinese traditional political thought than in Marxist political philosophy .
According to early Confucian thinkers , a key task for rulers is to strive to improve a peoples ' happiness , which is itself grounded in a moral way of life .
In February 2010 , at `` Spring Festival '' -- one of China 's biggest holidays , marked by family reunions -- Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said that the government should help people live with dignity and happiness .
Today , it is impossible to tell what impact and how much influence Chinese traditional political thought -- the traditional concern with moral duty , happiness , and honor -- will have on China 's foreign policy .
