Dallaire described in detail how the Hutus were planning `` anti-Tutsi extermination . ''
The attacks were an operation that must have required months of planning : serious weapons were deployed , a small army was mobilized , targets were studied , transport was organized , and weak points identified .
The ESDP takes into account the larger European policy , and aims to provide assistance in planning , training , and logistical support to missions and forces created by African states or groups of states .
As for the structural reforms now underway or in the planning stage , the most important question is not whether the euro , the crisis , or a combination of the two brought them about , but whether they will succeed .
NATO has also finally started engaging in defense planning and other forms of strategic reassurance for its allies in Central and Eastern Europe , which are unsettled by Russia 's new assertiveness .
They have borne the brunt of 40 years of war , and are well aware that international forces are planning their departure .
Anticipatory city planning , based on realistic demographic forecasts , patient registers , and health-information systems , as well as participation in urban health-knowledge networks , needs to be implemented .
Chinese industry had been transformed into subsidiaries of government through nationalization and central planning .
The European Commission and EU member states are therefore planning to increase their assistance , both through the European Development Fund and by developing new sources of financial support .
For example , you are planning to buy a house .
The sad irony is that Abbas is still cooperating with Israel in curtailing Hamas in the West Bank , and is still detaining hundreds of Hamas militants , among them some who were arrested for planning abductions of Israeli soldiers and civilians .
One urgent need is simplification of our operational planning and the manner in which we conduct operations .
That activist had been framed by local authorities after he had denounced abuses by the local family planning authorities .
It is unlikely that this would be possible even under central planning .
This tax has not yet been restored , but the government is planning to introduce a number of new levies on housing , which would ultimately restore the lost revenues .
Indeed , in the Great Depression of the 1930 's , it was common for Western intellectuals to turn to communism and central planning as a hoped-for panacea .
There is , of course , no case for going back to socialism and central planning .
Whatever critics at home and abroad may think , the `` surge '' that President Bush is planning for Iraq is more than a troop increase ; it is a new and high-risk regional strategy .
Sharif is planning a grand entrance .
Bhutto , the leader of a secular party that now enjoys substantial support in Washington , would dominate policy planning in the next government at Musharraf 's expense .
Instead of trying to recover support by pursuing the reforms and privatizations that he promised during the Orange Revolution , Yushchenko is planning to take the few members of `` Our Ukraine '' that he still controls and forge a strategic alliance with the Party of the Regions , the very party that opposed Ukraine 's turn to democracy and an open society .
Marwan Barghouti , the leader of Fatah 's grassroots group on the West Bank , is now in an Israeli prison for organizing the bloody uprising that began in 2000 , and for direct involvement in planning the killings of many Israeli civilians .
Pakistanis fear that , with the US planning to exit , Afghanistan will become their problem .
The Jewish Conspiracy in Asia TOKYO -- A Chinese bestseller , entitled The Currency War , describes how Jews are planning to rule the world by manipulating the international financial system .
Gates might even be planning a television documentary on racial profiling .
To decide whether Mladic acted on Serbia 's account when he was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent him specific `` instructions '' to commit this act of genocide .
We have all been hurt and are convinced that there are people who , having honed their malignant audacity to a sharp point , are now planning to hurt us again .
But , if the government could do that , central planning would be a good deal simpler .
In particular , a country planning to intervene must demonstrate that it has an intimidating stockpile of foreign-exchange reserves , and the readiness to use it .
This requires careful planning , bold and innovative solutions for inducing the Taliban to give up their arms , and a commitment to `` stay the course '' with the right policies , possibly for many years .
What economists three generations later were to call Walras 's Law is the principle that any market in which people are planning to buy more than is for sale must be counterbalanced by a market or markets in which people are planning to buy less .
After all , as a social-resource planning mechanism does , a market tells us which things are valuable and thus gives us the signal to make more of them .
Our current political and economic institutions rest upon the wager that a decentralized market provides a better social-planning , coordination , and capital-allocation mechanism than any other that we have yet been able to devise .
Thus , as social democracy , government guideposts , and centralized planning waxed and waned elsewhere in the economy , social democracy in short-term finance went from strength to strength .
This island of central planning in the midst of the market economy was a strange and puzzling feature -- all the more so because so few remarked how strange it was .
But now it appears that , despite all this , we still have not had enough central planning in finance .
Although North Korea has doggedly stood behind its outmoded model of state control and central planning , Kim 's visits to the boom cities of Dalian and Tianjin reflect his tentative but ongoing interest in alternative ways to achieve `` strength and prosperity '' for his country .
In many industries , neither market forces nor central planning are strong enough to bring about the `` creative destruction '' of inefficient producers .
Because supplies of donated medicines can be unpredictable , they can create chaos in the market by preventing accurate quantification of needs and thus affecting planning .
Where the wider world is concerned , this meant that Mexicans were too often afraid to act ; they opted for stoicism and resignation instead of planning and action .
When the NRC was created in 2002 , it was devised as a mechanism for dialogue , cooperation , and joint decision-making on issues of mutual interest , including non-proliferation and arms control , the fight against terrorism , civil emergency planning , and military-to-military cooperation .
Alternatively , it could have intervened by instituting planning regulations or imposing limits on mortgage loans .
The Information State MOSCOW -- The new American administration of Barack Obama is planning to appoint a chief technology officer , following the lead of most large corporations nowadays .
But with Germany 's Luftwaffe planning heavy cuts to its procurement of Euro-fighters , India may have second thoughts about taking part in the project .
A no-fly zone will be easier to contemplate as the last vulnerable expatriates leave the country , and planning for its application should be rapidly advanced .
While the Fed is planning to pump more money into the US economy , the PBC is trying to reduce the amount of money in circulation in China .
But his final visit to Israel seems to indicate that his objective is different : he seems to be planning , together with Israel , to end the Iranian nuclear program -- and to do so by military , rather than diplomatic , means .
These factors clearly played a role , but , overall , if a body of scientifically inclined people from the inner city had been involved in flood control and evacuation planning , the consequences of hurricane Katrina would certainly have been managed more effectively .
During the early transition years , the lack of an effective monetary-policy framework reflected the challenge of establishing new institutions and regulations , as well as the difficulty of overcoming the legacy of central planning , under which budget and credit financing were indistinguishable .
He believed that the state had an `` ardent obligation '' to engage in economic planning .
French central planning attempted to blaze a new path between Communist centralisation and Vichy corporatism .
Credit Where Credit is Due In the old days , when communist central planning suffocated China 's economy , fixed-asset investment was the regime 's measure of economic progress .
Indeed , the Japan Defense Agency recently outlined three scenarios for a Chinese attack against Japan , and announced that it is planning to redeploy its troops from the north -LRB- where they were originally stationed to defend Japan against the former Soviet Union -RRB- to the south , facing China .
Imagine how the world would react if some government were known to be planning to use or transfer a nuclear device or had already done so .
The United States and the three other members of the Quartet -- the European Union , Russia , and the United Nations -- are planning to convene many of the parties to the Israeli-Arab conflict at a meeting near Washington in November .
The humanitarian challenge has been less burdensome than anticipated , thanks to advance planning by the US and the world community and to the rapid , focused , and discriminate way in which coalition forces fought the war .
Terrorism is a decentralized phenomenon -- in its funding , planning , and execution .
For all of their wealth and planning , the Saudis remain vulnerable to the turmoil surrounding them .
They must demand a voice in planning and implementing the reconstruction effort and , along with international donors , transparency and public auditing of where aid is spent .
A deep understanding of plant science is essential in planning and executing conservation projects .
State-compelled lending has been adopted in the past , and not just in the central planning systems of communist economies .
The strategic vision of a bank shaping the economic fortunes of a country , or the whole world , is as flawed as was the idea of central economic planning .
In addition , succession planning can become complicated by the emergence of `` substitute children '' from the company 's management .
The sterling balances proved to be the starting point of vast and inefficient state planning regimes that did long-term harm to growth prospects in all the countries that took this course .
Some critics dismiss this planning as just `` war games , '' not to be taken seriously .
Yes , there are bubbles here and there , whether it is real estate in Shanghai and Dubai or stocks in Mumbai , but there has also been serious long-range planning that is likely to give these countries a strong position for years to come .
Our knowledge and understanding of the rest of the world continues to deteriorate ; on many counts , we lack any system of foreign policy planning and forecasting .
The Foreign Ministry , home to the state 's best personnel , has been largely cut off from diplomatic planning .
Russia needs a serious discussion , within the elite and among the public , about national strategy , just as it needs to create an effective planning and coordination mechanism for foreign policy .
Spending $ 3.9 billion on family planning and maternal health initiatives , such as provision of emergency contraception in sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia , could avert 1.4 million infant deaths and 142,000 pregnancy-related deaths in women .
Nearly 20 % of women in developing countries report that they would like to stop having more children but are not using any form of contraception or family planning , possibly because reproductive services are not available .
Many countries are now planning to develop their own or alternative sources of rare-earth elements , and to accelerate efforts to develop technologies that are free of them .
Ever since the Fukushima accident , opposition to nuclear power has been growing in China and South Korea , both of which had been planning a massive expansion of their nuclear generating capacity -- and both of which face a change of political leadership next year .
The company is planning to build a new factory in 2011 , with production capacity of 300,000 cars per year for a market expected to reach two million in sales this year .
But , just as Kan is planning only to `` discuss '' raising taxes , the supposedly clean DPJ is planning only to discuss the problem of money in politics by establishing a new non-partisan commission to investigate the problem .
Serbia has lost Kosovo , but it still has not found itself , while Croats are split over joining the EU , with a majority planning to vote against it .
The American negotiators who are planning to play an active role in the indirect talks , and will for the first time sit at the negotiating table if face-to-face talks do take place , have apparently promised the Palestinians that the US will point its finger at the party that dares to derail the negotiations .
The third sub-period , 1950-1980 , marked the heyday of economic planning .
For many nations , that will require developing institutions capable of conducting adequate planning , monitoring , and evaluation .
But a recent symposium at Oxford University concluded that emerging-market cities could improve and maintain urban health by capturing the inherent advantages of concentration , coordinating health policies and programs , adopting successful innovations , reforming health education and training , and developing improved planning processes .
But , for today 's smaller families , whether the children are two boys or two girls influences everything from financial planning to preparations for old age .
This is especially true for those who have lived in Iran , a totally Muslim environment that allows women the freedom to study and work as well as access to adequate healthcare and family planning .
The changes underway in American defense policy reflect planning assumptions .
Grants and planning must be coordinated , and the consent of Afghanistan 's neighboring countries assured .
Political leaders should also seek to stabilize defense budgets by creating separate funds for unforeseen multilateral peacekeeping operations , like the Balkans and Afghanistan , and by putting defense planning on a multi-year rather than an annual cycle .
Such predictable budgets will better enable European leaders to establish defense planning targets that address the priorities of military transformation .
The EU can help by strengthening its defense planning .
The Soviet economy 's decline , meanwhile , reflected the diminished ability of central planning to respond to global economic change .
For example , NATO did not conduct the Gulf War in 1991 or the initial Afghan campaign , but NATO planning and training meant that members could cooperate effectively when called upon to do so .
Russia is no longer hampered by communist ideology and a cumbersome central-planning system , and the likelihood of ethnic fragmentation , though still a threat , has waned .
But it turned out that the rate of economic growth owed less to Hindu culture than to imported British Fabian -LRB- and other -RRB- socialist economic planning .
Children and adults with disabilities , together with their advocates , should be involved in the planning , implementation , and monitoring of policies and services .
After all , over the past two decades , the enduring goals of dismantling communism and central planning , as well as joining the European Union , have served as important driving forces of reform .
Only intervention by US Vice President Dick Cheney two and a half days later secured the release of the soldiers , who were alleged to have been planning clandestine operations within the Kurdish zone .
Toledo assumed the presidency planning to dismantle the corruption that marked Fujimori 's administrations and end the reign of his crooked chief of intelligence , Vladimiro Montesinos .
It is imperative that environmental factors figure in China 's macroeconomic planning in a real way .
This requires that a more rational strategy be mapped out in the planning of major industrial projects and energy-hungry enterprises .
Land planning must be overhauled , with industrial monopolies broken up and development goals set according to population , resource volume , and the capacity to absorb pollution .
The world periodically wakes up to the horrors of life in Gaza , and then goes back to watching the World Cup or planning summer holidays .
Even now , Israel is planning to build a new `` corridor of peace , '' which will comprise the Jordanians , the Palestinians , and us .
One after another , they have appeared on television and radio to denounce `` provokers , '' whom they dare not name , for `` planning the incursion of Russian troops all the way to Tbilisi and the establishment there of a pro-Russian government . ''
As the victims ' relatives point out , in planning his crime , Megrahi showed no compassion .
Where anti-terrorist planning is concerned , however , non-interference has become ASEAN 's biggest handicap .
He has been a consultant to several Iranian ministries on urban planning , and helped the government in major rebuilding projects after the devastating earthquake that destroyed the ancient city of Bam in 2003 .
The policies of central planning , dirigisme , and import substitution , which many newly independent countries adopted in the 1950 's and 1960 's , could be labeled as the ideas of communists , Fabian socialists , and nationalists , not trained economists .
Therefore we know that markets do better than central planning , and that foreign trade is better than autarky .
According to The Wall Street Journal , the US Department of Energy -LRB- DOE -RRB- alone is planning to spend more than $ 40 billion in loans and grants to encourage private firms to develop green technologies , such as electric cars , new batteries , wind turbines , and solar panels .
In a separate but related prosecution , they used fabricated evidence to accuse nearly 200 active and retired military officers of planning a coup in 2003 , during the early days of Erdo?an 's first government .
China moved away from central planning and allowed markets to flourish -- first in agricultural products and , eventually , in industrial goods .
Indeed , it is this planning dialogue that does more than anything else to help stabilize the economy and restore a viable balance of payments .
So how is the US planning to react ?
-LRB- What are the Chinese planning to do with all their ever-growing $ 1.4 trillion in reserves ?
But Kasparov quickly adjusted to exploit the computer 's weakness in long-term strategic planning , where his judgment and intuition seemed to trump the computer 's mechanical counting .
With ever more powerful processors , silicon chess players developed the ability to calculate so far ahead that the distinction between short-term tactical calculations and long-term strategic planning became blurred .
Free governments must make communications planning a central component of every aspect of this struggle .
Presidents must pressure their planning , education , and finance ministers to work with the health ministry and other key stakeholders to create a national plan that focuses the government 's energies .
At the same time , increased educational opportunities for girls and women , and low-cost contraceptives provided by family-planning services , would empower them to marry later and have fewer children .
The Nordic countries are not `` socialist '' economies , based on state ownership and planning , but `` social welfare '' economies , based on private ownership and markets , with public provision of social protection .
Extreme ideologies influence people when they ca n't feed their families , and when lack of access to family planning leads to an unwanted population explosion .
The switchover to new technologies is not mainly a matter of negotiation but of engineering , planning , financing , and incentives .
This is true not only in automobiles , but also in the choice of energy systems , building designs , urban planning , and food systems -LRB- remembering that food production and transport account for around one-sixth of total greenhouse gas emissions -RRB- .
Unless and until widespread family planning and modern contraceptive services are established , expanding populations in the Horn of Africa will crash against a harsher future climate .
The key to meeting the Millennium Development Goals in poor countries is an increase in investment in people -LRB- health , education , nutrition , and family planning -RRB- , the environment -LRB- water and sanitation , soils , forests , and biodiversity -RRB- , and infrastructure -LRB- roads , power , and ports -RRB- .
In addition , we endorsed on several measures to strengthen the link between political agreement to commence operations and the provision of the necessary forces , including through usability targets and changes to NATO 's planning processes .
An alliance like NATO , in contrast to many `` coalitions of the willing , '' has the political consultation structures , proven planning mechanisms , effective command and control , and legitimacy that encourages nations to contribute to an operation .
Indeed , without returning to the illusion of economic planning , these countries need to be able to set conditions for foreign investors that aim to maximize the local impact on employment , technological diffusion , strategic partnerships , and so forth . At the same time , developing countries may need to promote local private sectors and `` infant industries '' through temporary protectionist measures , which would help them to upgrade their output on the road to liberalization .
But the roadmap stipulates that additional measures are to be taken by Palestinian authorities , including arresting individuals planning or carrying out violent attacks and the `` dismantlement of terrorist capabilities and infrastructure , '' including confiscating illegal weapons from armed groups .
Databases are rapidly improving in depth , and are becoming more deeply integrated with personal financial-planning Web sites .
The fundamental difficulty in planning for enhanced longevity is that we do not know whether it will really happen .
Where land today is cheap , it will have great value in the future if only someone takes the dramatic step of planning and creating a whole city there .
Of course , such land may not be in desirable locations today , but desirable locations can be created by urban planning .
The START verification provisions provide crucial information that is essential for the force-planning process .
How best to respond if some states can not or will not take the necessary steps to thwart terrorist planning on their territory ?
How to deal with evidence of terrorist planning gleaned from states suspected of practicing torture ?
Nonetheless , the Lisbon Treaty paves the way for planning and implementing policies needed to tackle crucial contemporary challenges , such as climate change , energy , research , technology , and tourism .
The designer Nathalie Rykiel is reportedly planning to show the new Sonia Rykiel collection in March not in the usual vast rented area , but in the smaller space of her own boutique . `` It 's a desire for intimacy , to go back to values , '' she told the International Herald Tribune .
Remarkably , this came about with no central planning , no governing body , and no overall control , other than a system for allocating the names of Web sites and their addresses .
On our own , our tendency to yield to short-term temptations , and even to addictions , may be too strong for our rational , long-term planning .
In the Nuremberg trial of 1946 , which laid the basis of current international law , the main charge against the Nazi leaders was that of `` planning and waging aggressive war . ''
This will also help national parliaments understand EU objectives and facilitate their legislative planning .
International experience suggests that the balance between planning and markets shifts toward markets as countries becomes richer .
And , thanks to a partnership between the state and Islamic scholars stretching back 40 years , Indonesia has one of the most successful family-planning programs in the developing world .
Former President George W. Bush 's restrictions on funding for health programs that used condoms or other forms of contraception meant that Islamic organizations receiving any funding from the US Agency for International Development were unable to publish material promoting safe-sex and family planning .
In facing and planning for disasters , whether natural or man-made , we must do more than hope and pray for the best .
As an increasing share of China 's population moves to cities , those cities will have to be made livable , which will require careful planning , including public transportation systems and parks .
It is planning to create a fund , backed 70 % by Brazilian financial resources , that will be dedicated to projects such as rehabilitating roads in Uruguay and Paraguay in order to enhance its neighbors ' capacities and correct economic imbalances .
Indeed , Lula 's government is planning ways to ensure that the benefits gained from oil and gas are not limited to São Paulo , Rio de Janeiro , Minas Gerais , Parana , and other regions of the developed coast .
Whereas advocates of abolishing nuclear weapons wanted his administration to employ a zero-based approach to nuclear planning , with the burden of proof on those seeking to retain nuclear weapons to fulfill essential military functions , the NPR presumes the continuation of current nuclear roles and missions unless convincing arguments exist to end them .
The US Defense Department regularly includes such data in its budget and planning documents .
But instead of following Russia 's reform path , Lukashenko worsened matters by reimposing central planning in industry and agriculture .
The new geography requires new relationships and planning strategies .
With this in mind , we used a new planning tool that allows building rights to drift .
We also envisage detailed neighborhood planning aimed at adding more public space .
While both policies must be regarded as successes , over the years the family planning program has contributed to an aging population that may diminish China 's attractiveness as a low-cost , labor-intensive manufacturing hub .
Here is a country that has long cherished its `` exception '' from the normal rules of market economics , a foggy view that rejects both central planning and free markets and claims to offer a well-balanced middle ground .
In barely 15 years , these countries have moved from central planning and economic backwardness to `` normal '' market economies with impressive GDP growth .
But , as the Saudis also want Syria to be included in King Abdullah 's regional peace plan , and with the US planning to hold a regional peace conference in November , they are not looking for an open-ended confrontation with Assad .
