A series of ill-planned military operations in the tribal areas further complicated the situation in the volatile border region .
Indeed , she even persuaded other important political leaders to participate in the planned January 8 election , which she viewed as an opportunity to challenge religious extremist forces in the public square .
Meanwhile , President George W. Bush has said that `` if another September 11-style attack is being planned , it probably is being plotted in Pakistan and not Afghanistan . ''
Some European countries apparently believe that they can maintain an EU consensus in support of Ahtisaari 's plan but allow Russian foot-dragging on the grounds that delay is not unreasonable and something better may turn up with additional negotiations .
If Russia does veto the Ahtisaari plan , the EU 's united facade will likely fracture , with many European countries refusing either to join the US in recognizing an independent Kosovo without the UN 's blessing or to send a supervisory mission there .
So what will Putin do when the United States and most European Union members recognize an independent Kosovo in the coming months without a UN blessing , as they now plan ?
Dispatching additional NATO troops , in addition to the planned EU mission , to supervise Kosovo independence would be helpful .
But Fatah has not accepted defeat , while Hamas is convinced that elements within Fatah agree with Israeli and American plans to topple the Hamas government .
Moreover , Hamas has announced plans to recruit 1,500 additional security personnel for the West Bank , Fatah 's stronghold .
The United States , Israel , and some Arab governments plan to arm and train forces loyal to Abbas , especially his presidential guard . They want to prepare Abbas 's forces in Gaza for a confrontation with Hamas , which they believe is inevitable .
More crude oil will be burned in power plants , more diesel will be burned in private generators , and more gasoline will be burned in SUVs from Riyadh to Kuwait City during blackouts in which the only place to keep cool will be in a moving car .
They intend to export oil embedded in other products , such as petrochemicals , plastic , aluminum , etc. . And they can build such plants in faster than the oil-consuming countries can establish alternatives to oil imports , exacerbating future shortages .
Most recently , Iran 's government announced plans to enrich its uranium to levels that appear incompatible with civilian use and that defy several United Nations Security Council resolutions .
The ongoing dispute between Europe and the US over the choice of the military transport plane - to be used to deploy the new 60,000 strong European Rapid Reaction Force - is symptomatic of Europe 's problems .
Europe is divided : some countries , notably Italy , support the US ; others , notably France and Germany , argue in favor of a European plane built by Airbus in a $ 15 billion publicly funded project .
But diplomatic explanations are not what Argentina needs .
But a plan to close numerous bases passed by an overwhelming majority when the congressional leadership finally agreed to present a single list of bases to be closed ; the list could only be voted up or down , without any possibility of amendments .
Migration is also an important explanation for these differences .
One explanation often mentioned points to a lack of support , such as public childcare , for mothers raising children .
High housing costs and imperfection in lending markets are the more likely explanation behind Europe 's falling fertility rates .
One explanation is that America is a more mobile society where the poor are not trapped and can seemingly get out of poverty if they really try .
The alternative , and much more likely , explanation is that these differing views reflect profound ideological differences that pay little attention to economic reality .
Similar moves are afoot throughout Europe , where the generosity of state-sponsored pension plans has become unsustainable , but reforming the system is almost impossible politically .
In Brazil , the pension plan of private sector workers runs a small surplus , but that of civil servants runs an enormous deficit , equivalent to of 4.5 % of Brazil 's GDP .
One important explanation is the much larger racial heterogeneity to be found in the US relative to the more homogeneous Continental Western Europe .
If Western Europe needs an explanation as to why its rate of economic growth is lagging behind the US , it need look no further .
So there may be something in this `` cultural '' explanation .
But even this is not a sufficient explanation , because studies of how the supply of labor responds to tax changes suggest that something else must explain the enormous gap between US and Europe , especially France and Germany .
This means less control and direct oversight of the bureaucracy , and an increased incentive to spend the day thinking up big plans rather than concentrating on targeted improvements .
There is also a Machiavellian explanation for the replacement of Monti .
As soon as French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy decided to leave the government and start campaigning for the presidency , incumbent President Jacques Chirac abandoned all plans for reforms that might antagonize voters .
German households , on the other hand , according to a recent poll published in the influential daily , Die Welt , are in a more sober mood : most plan on cutting down their vacation travel -- which , obviously , does not mean that they will work more ; they will just spend some of the many weeks of their paid leisure at home -- and postponing large item purchases .
A politically more successful plan would be to adopt the `` big bang '' approach : implement quickly a broad set of reforms that will break the opposition of special interests and leave enough time before the next election for the benefits of reform to be felt by voters .
We plan to store this column carefully . Sadly , we will be able to use it again , with no change , at the next round of Latin American crises .
Worsening the injustice , in at least one case the Court 's decision came too late for the companies involved to go ahead with their plans .
Dallaire described in detail how the Hutus were planning `` anti-Tutsi extermination . ''
Annan maintained his extreme passiveness even after the airplane crash that killed Habyarimana , which signaled the genocide 's start , helped by the indifference of the great powers -LRB- America not least -RRB- .
Now we see -- though the lifting of the Union 's arms embargo may now be delayed thanks to US pressure and Chinese aggressiveness -- that the European Union has become merely a tool for corruption when France and China draw up joint action plans .
The United States ' planned withdrawal of troops from Asia , which President George W. Bush announced on August 16 , need not harm peace and stability in the region and particularly in Korea .
The withdrawal plan is causing countless worries .
But the impact of America 's planned troop withdrawals is felt most keenly in South Korea .
In June , the Bush administration revealed its plan to withdraw some 12,500 of the 37,000 US soldiers stationed in South Korea by the end of 2005 .
But the unilateral nature of the announcement , and the abrupt timing of the plan , has incited alarm in South Korea , and perhaps in Japan , that withdrawal could pose serious risks to the vital role that US forces have performed in deterring another war in Korea .
South Koreans genuinely fear that the plan may weaken deterrence by sending North Korea - which is demanding a US military withdrawal while refusing to abandon its nuclear weapons ambitions - the message that intransigence pays .
Moreover , the manner in which the Bush administration unveiled its withdrawal plan has weakened the credibility of the US-Korean alliance .
The Bush administration tries to rebut these charges by saying that the plan will not weaken the deterrence capabilities of American forces , for America 's far more powerful air and naval presence in the area will be maintained .
Moreover , the US plans to strengthen South Korea 's own forces by supplying some $ 11 billion worth of high-technology equipment over the next five years .
Securing a peaceful and nuclear-free Korean peninsula , a place where the interests of China , Japan , Russia , and America directly intersect , is one of the most important security goals anywhere on the planet .
The attacks were an operation that must have required months of planning : serious weapons were deployed , a small army was mobilized , targets were studied , transport was organized , and weak points identified .
A plan of attack that involved hundreds of people was put in motion , and yet the massive infrastructure of India 's government discovered nothing .
Thus , a new social contract is needed , especially as a new , post-Soviet generation of Russians has entered political life -- a generation that has not been poisoned by the fear that decades of state terror in the USSR implanted in their forebears .
Britain , France , and Spain are working on an opposing plan that will consolidate EU executive powers among the biggest EU states .
But lower oil prices , coupled with expectations of a decline in demand , would in turn put pressure on oil-producing countries to reduce planned investments in production capacity or even to mothball major projects , as they have done in the past , leading to a decline in oil supplies .
In spite of these possibilities , let 's assume that plans for energy independence succeed , and that several European countries , the United States , Japan , China , and India become self-sufficient .
Its supporters in Iraq might cripple Iraqi oil exports from Basra , which would damage US plans in Iraq while boosting Iran 's oil revenues , or limit the availability of fuel to the US Army by attacking roads and bridges , especially the Kuwait City-Baghdad highway .
The ESDP takes into account the larger European policy , and aims to provide assistance in planning , training , and logistical support to missions and forces created by African states or groups of states .
Nevertheless , European military capabilities are limited , requiring that European planners look for `` minimal '' options , with the drawback that smaller commitments generally require a long-term perspective .
This must now be followed by closer budgetary monitoring , particularly given that fiscal stimulus measures , the economic downturn , and bank rescue plans will take a toll on public finances .
Reforms of the labor market , the pension system , and those underway or planned in many sectors and professions -- all of which generate huge reserves for enhanced growth and , therefore , hope -- reflect a profound change in the public 's perception of the country 's long-term needs .
As for the structural reforms now underway or in the planning stage , the most important question is not whether the euro , the crisis , or a combination of the two brought them about , but whether they will succeed .
Arab elites have been engaged in a false embrace of economic reforms for decades , with countless ministerial shuffles , five-year plans , and elaborate World Bank and International Monetary Fund programs .
· Establishing a Monitoring Group of force planners , based within the Council of Ministers secretariat , to co ordinate the peer group pressure that should encourage governments to improve their military capabilities .
Workers are demanding higher compensation to match the fast-rising cost of living in China 's cities , as manifested in an ongoing and high-profile labor strike at a Honda plant based in Guangdong .
For local planners , the export shock was a wake-up call for change .
Leveraging a mixture of administrative guidance and monetary incentives , the city government plans to reduce the share of garments in the output of textiles products by 25 % in three years and to increase the industrial applications of chemical fibers , which promise much higher returns than apparel production . Already , according to local officials , the city 's factories have acquired the ability to mass-produce super-thin fibers first designed in Japan .
We planned to spend the Christmas and New Year holidays in Freetown before returning to Nigeria early in 1999 .
Then our plans went awry .
In short , no nation on this changing , shrinking planet can truly address its own problems in isolation .
Russia 's best special forces were sent to Beslan , but they were not given ammunition , body armor , battle plans , or operative command .
The two biggest issues in Bucharest will be whether to invite Albania , Croatia , and Macedonia to join NATO , and whether to offer applications to Ukraine and Georgia to start so-called `` membership action plans . ''
Then , on August 8 , Putin launched the second act of this Russian tragedy , his long-planned attack on Georgia .
Finally , the EU insists that Russia abolish planned prohibitive export tariffs on lumber .
The apparent explanation for the IMF 's extraordinary gamble is that the managing director who made the decision to support Greece so heavily hailed from the eurozone and , at the time , was barely disguising his ambitions to run for the French presidency -- that is , before his arrest in New York on charges of rape .
NATO has also finally started engaging in defense planning and other forms of strategic reassurance for its allies in Central and Eastern Europe , which are unsettled by Russia 's new assertiveness .
Furthermore , in the last few years , when Israeli planes struck targets in Syria , there was no answer from the regime -- and still none when Israeli planes flew over the presidential palace .
Other elements of Lee 's plan include construction of eco-friendly transportation networks , such as high-speed railways and hundreds of kilometers of bicycle tracks , and generating energy using waste methane from landfills . The package also counts on investments in hybrid vehicle technologies .
The country spends roughly $ 60 million annually fighting invasive alien plants that threaten native wildlife , water supplies , important tourism destinations , and farmland .
This work is set to expand as more than 40 million tons of invasive alien plants are harvested for power-station fuel .
Meanwhile , many of these gases need to be curbed because of their wider environmental impact on public health , agriculture , and the planet 's multi-trillion dollar ecosystems , including forests .
Moreover , an international action plan for sharks , including a ceiling on catches , should be created .
Calderón is trying to check the gangs ' capacity for violence and diminish their economic resources , but he still has not been able to implement a plan that is both successful and minimizes the cost in lives .
It is worth keeping in mind what advocates of a Palestinian right of return now prefer to forget : Palestinian Arabs and four Arab members of the UN went to war in 1948 not only against Israel , but against international legitimacy and the UN plan for a two-state solution .
What British imperial planners did was to stitch together three disparate provinces of the old Ottoman Empire and put at their head a prince from Hedjaz -LRB- now a part of Saudi Arabia -RRB- .
One reason Greek Cypriots rejected last April UN Secretary General Kofi Annan 's plan for the reunification of Cyprus was that an overwhelming majority of them felt it did not do justice to the claims of refugees displaced during the 1974 Turkish invasion .
Equally commendable has been the Greek Cypriot strategic decision to follow a Gandhi-like policy of non-violence : while there is deep bitterness about the Turkish occupation , and the fact that Turkish settlers were implanted in the North , the Greek Cypriot community decided not to use violence against the occupation .
Perhaps a time bomb has been planted under the thrones of Arab potentates - kings , emirs and presidents .
In 1947 , they refused the UN partition plan , which called for the establishments of two states in British Palestine .
The current crisis is obviously the first serious test for Olmert and his plans for further withdrawal from Israeli-occupied territories .
The third failure -- even more tragic -- occurred in 1947-48 , when Palestinian Arabs rejected the United Nations partition plan , which envisaged separate Arab and Jewish states after the departure of the British .
But what sometimes gets lost in this narrative is that , while practically all sectors of Palestinian Arab society rejected the UN plan , Palestinians were unable to devise coherent political institutions and a unified military command with which to confront the much smaller Jewish community .
The Palestinians contest not just the post-1967 occupation of the West Bank ; since the United Nations partition plan of 1947 -- which called for the establishment of two states , one Jewish and one Arab -- Palestinians have refused to recognize Israel 's right to exist , and most Israelis are not convinced that they have totally abandoned that stance .
Instead , they prefer to fall back on military-dominated plans for strengthening the capacity of the Afghan army and police , while heeding domestic pressure to demonstrate that Afghanistan will not be an endless conflict .
They have borne the brunt of 40 years of war , and are well aware that international forces are planning their departure .
The current reintegration plan , like two previous attempts at disarmament , falls short of credibly demobilizing armed groups and regulating the arms trade .
Anticipatory city planning , based on realistic demographic forecasts , patient registers , and health-information systems , as well as participation in urban health-knowledge networks , needs to be implemented .
The rapid growth of China , India , and other emerging countries should come with increased influence , to be implemented through the planned quota increase in 2011 .
This explanation seems dubious elsewhere , too .
If ITER could really solve the planet 's energy problem , ¤ 10 billion would be a negligible investment -- less than the net profit of the oil company TOTAL -LRB- ¤ 13 billion in 2006 -RRB- and equivalent to ten days of waging the war in Iraq .
This debate is important not only for implanting meaning in the constitution , but will also determine the vitality and energy of the EU itself .
The desire to claim one 's rightful place under the sun -- to share the planet equally -- is a driving force throughout the region , from Southeast Asia to Korea and China .
It is our turn now to ruin the planet , and no one should try to stop us .
Whether it is through low-energy housing , planting trees , teaching children to respect the environment , boycotting incandescent lightbulbs , or wrapping gifts in old newspapers , we have the opportunity to lead by example .
Chinese industry had been transformed into subsidiaries of government through nationalization and central planning .
This would give countries confidence that they can count on reliable supplies of fuel to run their nuclear power plants , and therefore do not need to develop their own uranium-enrichment or plutonium-reprocessing capability .
This could help to avoid a repeat of Iran 's experiences after its 1979 revolution , when contracts for fuel and technology for its planned nuclear power program were not honored .
On March 28 , Tibetans in Lhasa had to celebrate `` Serf Emancipation Day '' to endorse China 's explanation for its take-over 50 years ago .
He did not even receive a trial , but was given a 21-month sentence by local officials for the same offense as Rinchen -- endangering state security by unofficially organizing litter-collection , tree-planting , and nature patrols to stop the hunting of endangered species .
UN Secretary Ban Ki-moon has created a working group to define a common plan of action , and France 's President Nicolas Sarkozy has proposed a global partnership for food .
The European Commission and EU member states are therefore planning to increase their assistance , both through the European Development Fund and by developing new sources of financial support .
How can it be that in the twenty-first century , when we have taken men to the Moon and back , we still can not feed everyone on this planet ?
This allowed us to make concrete progress on implementation of the EU 's six-point ceasefire plan between Russia and Georgia .
This allowed us to make concrete progress on implementation of the EU 's six-point ceasefire plan between Russia and Georgia .
Indeed , there is a worrying aspect to the new plans : they must tread a narrow path between reckless freedom for financial institutions , which contributed to the recent global financial crisis , and over-caution , which can suffocate innovation and create inefficiencies .
For example , you are planning to buy a house .
Examples from the last two centuries include such transformative products and innovations as railroads , automobiles , and airplanes ; telegraph , telephones , radio , and television ; air conditioning ; and , as just noted , the various technologies responsible for the IT revolution , including both mainframe and personal computers , routers and other hardware devices , and much of the software that operates them .
The Obama administration came out with a plan to spend up to $ 1 trillion dollars to buy banks ' toxic assets , but the plan has been put on hold .
CAMBRIDGE -- Goldman Sachs announced this month plans to provide bonuses at record levels , and there are widespread expectations that bonuses and pay in many other firms will rise substantially this year .
For example , regulatory standards could require equity-based plans to preclude managers from cashing out awarded shares and options during a certain minimum period after vesting .
Alternatively , an executive wishing to unload equity could be permitted to sell the shares in the market , but only gradually , according to a pre-specified , automatic plan that would be self-executing -LRB- say , one-sixth of the number of shares the executive seeks to sell on the first trading day of each of the subsequent six months -RRB- .
Furthermore , the market price would incorporate inferences made from the executive 's notice of the planned sale .
China plans to double its hydropower capacity to over 120 GW by 2010 and to build more hydropower-projects for at least another 20 years .
Northwestern Yunnan is one of the world 's most biologically diverse areas , home to half of China 's animal species and a quarter of its plant species .
In early 2005 , three years after a new law on environmental impact assessments -LRB- EIA 's -RRB- was passed , the State Environmental Protection Bureau -LRB- SEPA -RRB- , ordered the halt of 30 large projects , including 26 hydropower plants that had failed to submit proper EIA 's .
From now on , our options will be a violent and unilateral disengagement , such as the one that ushered in the current war in Gaza , and a comprehensive peace plan that will have to be annexed to the road map and validated by an international peace conference .
On her recent trip to Israel , Rice had to listen to four different peace plans from the prime minister , the foreign minister , the minister for strategic threats , and the defense minister .
But there is no need to reinvent the wheel , because the solution to the Arab-Israeli conflict is embodied in the main peace plans that are already on the table : the Clinton peace parameters , and the all-Arab peace initiative .
The participation of Under Secretary of State William Burns in the European dialogue with Iran , together with plans to station American diplomats in Teheran for the first time since the 1979 Islamic Revolution , represents a momentous shift in America 's policy , and also an indication to Israel to refrain from a military strike .
Obama 's Middle East JERUSALEM -- President-elect Barack Obama 's plans for the Middle East , the region where his predecessor 's policies shattered America 's standing around the world as a benign superpower , represent a welcome departure from President Bush 's grand design to redress the region 's ills through `` constructive chaos . ''
In fact , Israel 's top leaders have already approved the army 's plans for an invasion of Gaza , with the timing and the nature of the casus belli left open .
A second factor pushing secession forward is the SPLA 's lack of commitment to the New Sudan ideology of its founder , John Garang , who had negotiated the CPA and died in a plane crash in 2005 .
Obama also pushed the `` reset button '' with Russia , and suggested that he might freeze Bush 's plan to deploy a missile defense system in the Czech Republic and Poland .
In fact , there is no single , exclusive explanation for America 's persistent vindication of its commitment to Israel , and for the uniquely vigorous resonance that Israel 's cause has had in the United States .
The obstinate battle cry of the Bush administration in Iraq has now won out in Obama 's planned surge of an additional 30,000 troops in Afghanistan .
China is also engaged in constructing a $ 500 million electric plant and railway link between Tajikistan and Pakistan .
It was a major contribution , they said , to the development of a planned NATO missile shield for Europe .
His health-care reform plan , as the Massachusetts vote demonstrated , is perceived as a personal obsession and an entirely unnecessary distraction from much more urgent and vital concerns , such as the financial crisis and unemployment .
The assassinations -- allegedly by Israel -- of Imad Mughniyah , Hezbollah 's military chief and Iran 's closest ally in the organization , two years ago , and more recently of Mahmoud al-Mahbouh , Hamas 's liaison officer with the Al-Quds force of Iran 's Revolutionary Guards , suggest that an unplanned chain of events could trigger a real war .
What Israel planned as a preemptive attack on Iran might then be presented as an act of self-defense .
Neither the planned sanctions nor the recently published US Nuclear Posture Review , a far less revolutionary document than expected , will curb Iran 's nuclear appetite .
With peace plans and envoys coming and going , Israelis and Palestinians alike have finally become blasé about the chances of a final settlement .
The fact that Omar al-Bashir , Sudan 's president , is not especially keen to agree to the United Nations ' plan to beef up its peacekeeping force in the country ahead of the referendum raises concern about his intentions .
Abbas is thus right to opt for a new peace paradigm , but his plan for a unilateral declaration of Palestinian independence might be the wrong choice .
Already feeling the heat of a major diplomatic debacle , Israel might soon pre-empt the Palestinian diplomatic offensive with a `` peace plan '' of its own .
But a US peace plan aimed at bridging the gaps between the parties stands a chance only if it is built around a solid international alliance for an Israeli-Palestinian peace .
Even then , such a plan would require especially laborious and complex diplomatic engineering .
Yet , no matter how enamored of the `` international community '' they may be , the Palestinians might not be happy with a plan that comes from a US-led international alliance .
A plan that almost certainly would have to satisfy Israel 's security concerns and lean toward acknowledging its Jewishness -- in a way that might entirely neutralize the Palestinian ethos of return -- would be especially unpalatable to them .
In an era of ballistic missiles and other weapons of mass destruction , and in which the planned Palestinian state is supposed to be demilitarized , why is it so vital for Israel to see its army `` sit along the Jordan River '' ?
Let us not avert our eyes lest our arms weaken ... This is the fate of our generation , this is our life choice , to be prepared and armed , strong and determined , lest the sword be stricken from our fist and our lives cut down ... We are a generation of settlers , and , without the steel helmet and the cannon 's fire , we will not be able to plant a tree and build a home . ''
The sad irony is that Abbas is still cooperating with Israel in curtailing Hamas in the West Bank , and is still detaining hundreds of Hamas militants , among them some who were arrested for planning abductions of Israeli soldiers and civilians .
Simultaneously , the international community must help make the unity government work by recognizing Hamas ' right to govern in exchange for a performance-based stability plan .
Bush also came as close as he could to endorsing former President Bill Clinton 's peace plan by affirming that `` the borders of the past , the realities of the present , and agreed changes '' will define his two-state solution .
For these `` moderate '' American allies , peace is about Israeli concessions , not about pulling Israel 's chestnuts out of the fire , certainly as long as it refuses to endorse the Arab peace plan .
One urgent need is simplification of our operational planning and the manner in which we conduct operations .
That activist had been framed by local authorities after he had denounced abuses by the local family planning authorities .
Such appeals were heard again at the G-20 meeting in Pittsburgh , and the European Union has just responded , unveiling a plan for a new pan-European watchdog .
Everyone should see it ; not only for its dramatization of the past , but for insights into current events , especially the controversy surrounding America 's plans to establish National Missile Defense and the various regional disputes -- India and Pakistan , Taiwan and China , North and South Korea -- that may one day escalate into nuclear conflict .
Around 180,000 US troops were prepared to invade ; plans existed for a bombing blitz bigger than that over Kosovo thirty six years later .
For Khrushchev 's control over the Soviet military in Cuba was limited ; U2 planes flying over Cuba were shot at despite Khrushchev 's explicit orders to the contrary .
He insisted on being consulted by the Bush administration on US plans , and when some in Washington thought aloud about taking on Iraq after Afghanistan , the Prime Minister registered a clear veto .
There are explanations for this .
Yet , for most of the allies , this new approach is merely tactical , a sign of Yankee pragmatism when the situation demands it , not of a change of heart on the part of the Bush administration to rebuild NATO as the central plank of the transatlantic partnership .
If an international force simply allows Ehud Olmert 's government to pursue its plans further , the countries that provide troops for the international force will not only be seen as rubberstamping Israeli policy , but will also be dragged into its failure .
And the Kremlin is aggressively portraying the planned establishment of a modest US missile defense installation in Poland and the Czech Republic as a threat to Russia 's vital security interests .
Cohen and Zysman argued that manufactures were related to services like `` the crop duster to the cotton fields , the ketchup maker to the tomato patch , '' and that if you '' -LRB- o -RRB- ffshore the tomato farm ... you close or offshore the ketchup plant ... No two ways about it . ''
My reaction was : '' -LRB- A -RRB- s I read the profound assertion about the tomato farm and the ketchup plant , I was eating my favorite Crabtree & Evelyn vintage marmalade .
This makes it harder for companies to get governmental support to hire skilled immigrants with H1 -LRB- b -RRB- visas : they must first show that they have not laid off or plan to lay off American workers in similar occupations .
Airplanes , for instance , did n't reduce demand for automobiles : people fly when they would not otherwise have driven .
There are several possible explanations for the negative effect of antioxidant supplements .
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission in the United States generally separates unplanned nuclear `` events '' into two classes , `` incidents '' and `` accidents . ''
Incidents are unforeseen events and technical failures that occur during normal plant operation and result in no off-site releases of radiation or severe damage to equipment .
Accidents refer to either off-site releases of radiation or severe damage to plant equipment .
And yet another documented more than 30,000 mishaps at US nuclear-power plants alone , many with the potential to have caused serious meltdowns , between the 1979 accident at Three Mile Island in Pennsylvania and 2009 .
Accidents at the Savannah River reprocessing plant released ten times as much radioiodine as the accident at Three Mile Island , and a fire at the Gulf United facility in New York in 1972 scattered an undisclosed amount of plutonium , forcing the plant to shut down permanently .
A successful attack or accident at the Indian Point power plant near New York City , apparently part of Al Qaeda 's original plan for September 11 , 2001 , would have resulted in 43,700 immediate fatalities and 518,000 cancer deaths , with cleanup costs reaching $ 2 trillion .
India has put forward its own action plan . Europe has set a goal of cutting emissions by 30 % below 1990 levels by 2020 if there is an ambitious global agreement .
Smart grid systems can enable big savings in emissions , but require a plan for putting them into effect .
One of the most devastating global health challenges on the planet is malaria , which claims more than 800,000 lives annually , primarily among young African children .
Not only have they revised their spending plans , but , in many cases , they have delayed purchases , waiting for the uncertainty to clear . The result has been a sharp drop in output and employment , reinforcing fears about the future , and further decreasing spending .
They should put in place as soon as possible credible consolidation plans that are specific in terms of not only goals , but also the tools to achieve them .
Public discussion of new ways to finance retirement pension plans , or of introducing a negative income tax , sounds sweet to economists of all stripes , but it does not exactly mobilize public opinion .
But this is the time for strong contingency plans .
It is unlikely that this would be possible even under central planning .
Similarly , the Paper proposes that the self-employed should be admitted after an evaluation of their business plans .
Who will examine their business plans ?
And all the qualitative targets , added later in the process , have been used mainly to feed national bureaucracies preparing plans within the so-called `` open coordination method . ''
A possible explanation for the government 's inaction over the past two and half years is that the measures agreed upon within the coalition that won the 2008 elections were not tailored to a country entering a major recession .
This tax has not yet been restored , but the government is planning to introduce a number of new levies on housing , which would ultimately restore the lost revenues .
Here is a man who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet he retained the presence and discretion of a silent next-door neighbor .
As a political tactician , she has also been innovative , organizing her campaign on the Internet with a plan to write her program from the responses of users .
No less remarkable than the latest discoveries was the timing of their announcement , which came on the eve of a vote in the United States Congress to expand federal funding for research on embryonic stem cells created during in vitro fertilization -LRB- but never implanted in a womb -RRB- .
Scientists generally agree that research should be done within that period -- and always allowed on spare embryos that will never be implanted .
It would also provide Afghan peasants , who have been growing poppy despite forced eradication of the plant and incentives to change crops , with an option that is regulated by law and that , in time , could have an impact on the heroin trade .
In proposing the creation of NAPU , we envision a specific plan to create a larger market by fostering an alliance between the three economies .
It was the final icing on the cake of the plan by many post-World War II leaders , driven by the memory of two horrible world wars originating in and consuming Europe in the previous half-century , to forge closer economic and political ties .
Indeed , in the Great Depression of the 1930 's , it was common for Western intellectuals to turn to communism and central planning as a hoped-for panacea .
There is , of course , no case for going back to socialism and central planning .
The foreclosure relief plan is off to an even slower start , and is likely to run into numerous problems concerning how to rework delinquent mortgages without inducing a lot more delinquencies .
I support Geithner 's plan to cooperate with private investors in dealing with the banks ' toxic assets , because they make better business decisions than government bureaucrats .
In addition to bailouts and toxic asset plans , governments worldwide want central banks to monitor macroeconomic and overall financial-sector risk -LRB- as opposed to focusing on individual firms -RRB- .
These concerns require that fiscal exit strategies be planned , announced , and implemented soon , before the stimulus programs become permanently entrenched , develop powerful dependent constituencies , and greatly increase the risk of rising interest rates , inflation , and taxation .
For example , French President Nicholas Sarkozy plans to borrow 52 billion euros to promote what his government guesses or hopes will be `` growth industries . ''
Does it plan to swallow Ukraine , Belarus , and the Caucasus ?
At the EU-China Summit , we discussed the Chinese government 's plans for ratification of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights .
Activists with grievances over Tibet , Taiwan , Burma , Darfur , and dozens of other political , environmental , and human-rights issues are already making plans .
President Mwai Kibaki , whom international observers accuse of rigging the vote , has hinted at a plan to share power in a unity government , but opposition leader Raila Odinga has heard these promises before .
Attacks on pipelines have recently intensified ahead of a planned summit meeting between the government and various militia leaders , as small groups of militants stage attacks on oil infrastructure in the Delta to establish their relevance and win a potentially lucrative seat at the negotiating table .
Not to worry , said Premier Wen Jiabao : the Chinese government has `` adequate ammunition '' to add to its $ 586 billion stimulus package , a plan meant to create millions of jobs via enormous government investment in transportation , energy infrastructure , housing , and other large-scale projects .
Some within the Chinese Communist Party leadership will support plans to engineer a shift from export-led growth to a model based on domestic consumption . Others will try to direct state funding toward their personal investment projects .
As a result , the smiling presidents and prime ministers could afford to be more diplomatic than Czech Prime Minister Mirek Topolanek , who , in his role as acting president of the European Union , had warned that Obama 's economic plan would lead others down a `` road to hell . ''
As a result , the uncertainty surrounding Obasanjo 's plans is increasing sectional tensions .
Whatever critics at home and abroad may think , the `` surge '' that President Bush is planning for Iraq is more than a troop increase ; it is a new and high-risk regional strategy .
True , Bush 's plan will prove far too little and comes far too late to stabilize Iraq .
Sharif is planning a grand entrance .
His recent flirtation with a plan to bypass Bhutto and declare emergency rule provoked pointed Bush administration criticism .
That is the strategy the military adopted in 1988 , following the mysterious plane crash that killed former President -LRB- and General -RRB- Mohammed Zia ul-Haq . The army leadership ordered elections , permitted the formation of a civilian government , and then stage-managed the political process from the wings .
Bhutto , the leader of a secular party that now enjoys substantial support in Washington , would dominate policy planning in the next government at Musharraf 's expense .
For example , Mendel could not say that there was a gene for tallness in a plant species until he discovered dwarf mutants of the same species .
The plan was not to trace genes directly to behavior , but to separate the problem into two questions : a developmental question -LRB- `` how do genes build nervous systems ? '' -RRB- , and a physiological question -LRB- `` how do nervous systems or brains generate behavior ? '' -RRB- .
In Colombia , seven new joint military installations are planned , and support for US private contractors who have cornered the market in crop fumigation presumably will not be interrupted .
So he is cagey about plans to confront the oligarchs .
Instead of trying to recover support by pursuing the reforms and privatizations that he promised during the Orange Revolution , Yushchenko is planning to take the few members of `` Our Ukraine '' that he still controls and forge a strategic alliance with the Party of the Regions , the very party that opposed Ukraine 's turn to democracy and an open society .
The Palestinian plan already has resulted in an unprecedented diplomatic frenzy .
Confronted with the prospect of a US veto , an increasing number of international observers flatly oppose the Palestinian plan , on the grounds that it is unlikely to generate concrete political gains and would merely deflect attention from the main requirement of Middle East peace-making : a return to the negotiating table .
More than 50 % of the species on this planet are parasites of some form , including pathogens affecting humans , livestock , crops , and wildlife .
Marwan Barghouti , the leader of Fatah 's grassroots group on the West Bank , is now in an Israeli prison for organizing the bloody uprising that began in 2000 , and for direct involvement in planning the killings of many Israeli civilians .
So how do we begin to tackle the massive challenge of retooling our global economy , preserving the planet , and lifting billions out of poverty ?
Some passionately discussed economic reform , others talked about developing culture , while still others planned to reform education and the scientific establishment or assure the defense of the environment .
The choice of his economic team is crucial , because he plans to replace the respected finance minister , Pedro Malan , and the governor of the Central Bank , Arminio Fraga .
There was considerable public anger in Pakistan at the way British Prime Minister David Cameron handled such suspicions , some of which was directed at President Asif Ali Zardari , who decided to proceed with a planned official visit to London despite Cameron 's harsh language .
Lt. Gen. Ahmad Shuja Pasha , the head of the ISI , canceled his planned visit to London , where he was to discuss intelligence matters , while the civilian leadership seemed to dither .
Even before Pakistan 's ruling elite was shaken by the killings in Pakistan 's streets and the turmoil in Tunisia and Egypt , it had begun to plan measures aimed at mollifying an increasingly restive citizenry .
Officials are also aware that a change in the cabinet will be seen as mere window dressing unless people are shown that the government has a plan to rescue the economy from collapse and alleviate the burdens faced by ordinary people .
Pakistanis fear that , with the US planning to exit , Afghanistan will become their problem .
The Jewish Conspiracy in Asia TOKYO -- A Chinese bestseller , entitled The Currency War , describes how Jews are planning to rule the world by manipulating the international financial system .
NEW YORK -- Bishop Richard Williamson has some very peculiar , and frankly odious , views : that no Jews were murdered in gas chambers during World War II ; that the Twin Towers were brought down by American explosives , not by airplanes , on September 11 , 2001 ; and that Jews are fighting to dominate the world `` to prepare the anti-Christ 's throne in Jerusalem . ''
Meanwhile , consider the case of another unappealing man , the Dutch politician Geert Wilders , who was banned last month from entering the United Kingdom , where he had planned to show his short film , entitled Fitna , which describes Islam as a terrorist faith .
Gates might even be planning a television documentary on racial profiling .
The explanation of this mysterious trust may lie elsewhere .
This latest surge of American populism is financed by some extremely wealthy men , including a couple of oil billionaires named David and Charles Koch , who favor cutting taxes for the super-rich and abolishing government subsidies for the poor , such as Social Security and President Barack Obama 's health-care plan .
One possible explanation is that China is a little drunk on its new great-power status .
But this may not be the best explanation for China 's behavior .
Sometimes it looked very much as if the Japanese government itself was kept in the dark by officials from the Tokyo Electric Power Company -LRB- TEPCO -RRB- , owners of the nuclear power plants that are leaking radiation into land , sea , and sky .
In the case of Japan 's official response to the earthquake and tsunami-related disasters , however , cultural exoticism is not an adequate explanation .
As a non-believer , I am bound to treat such claims with skepticism . But the moral power of religious faith does not need a supernatural explanation .
Even though mass killings are not rare in history , Hitler 's extermination plan was , if not unique , certainly highly unusual .
Solutions for all of these problems will probably require a complete reinvention of airplane technology .
So-called flying HumVee 's -LRB- high mobility multipurpose wheeled vehicles -RRB- would create a superb transportation system for areas lacking intercity roads , and eventually would supplement -- or perhaps supplant -- automobiles .
On the other hand , emissions of carbon dioxide can be reduced simply by using biofuels , made from plants whose carbon dioxide `` price '' was paid via uptake of the very same gas from the atmosphere during their growth .
The most common explanation for all of these changes is that Kim is circling the wagons around himself and the Young General .
A disciplined succession plan is needed because Kim is 68 and in bad health -LRB- and thus unlikely to still be holding power in 2012 , the year he targeted for North Korea to become a `` Strong and Prosperous Country '' -RRB- .
European plans for a Common Foreign and Security Policy and for closer defense cooperation seemed brutally discredited .
To begin with , they reject all academic conventions , such as footnotes , graphics , or judicious explanations in favor of agreeable journalistic narratives pitched to a mass audience .
Similarly , the government cut the department governors ' revenue in order to finance an expanded pension plan and weaken them politically and economically .
Only one out of every ten Venezuelan companies polled states any intention of making middle or long term investments such as renovating existing industrial plants or building new ones .
These resources feed armed insurgents , criminal bands and , increasingly , provide the lifeblood for many small peasants , who cultivate some 130 thousand hectares of coca plants .
With the current presidential term lurching to such a calamitous close that the incumbent is probably worried about being remembered as George Herbert Hoover Walker Bush , the correlation between presidential party and economic outcome demands some kind of explanation .
Perhaps the best explanation has to do with attitudes , not ideology .
As before there were expressions of `` deep regret , '' a promise of `` immediate investigation '' and the explanation that dropped leaflets had warned families in the region to leave their homes .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Opposition to plans to build a mosque near `` Ground Zero , '' the spot where the World Trade Center 's twin towers fell on September 11 , 2001 , comes in various shades .
To decide whether Mladic acted on Serbia 's account when he was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent him specific `` instructions '' to commit this act of genocide .
Second , Moreno-Ocampo has inexplicably decided to indict only Sudan 's president and not also the other members of the political and military leadership that together with him have planned , ordered , and organized the massive crimes in Darfur .
Whether such plans materialize remains to be seen .
The hope is that this new grouping will eventually supplant the Organization of American States .
Another impressive cable was sent on November 17 , 2009 , by Charles H. Rivkin , US Ambassador to France , regarding the competition between French companies and Boeing for a contract worth tens of billions of dollars to provide advanced fighter planes to Brazil .
Cables from Managua between 2006 and 2009 rehash old stories about Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega 's ties to drug traffickers like Colombian cocaine kingpin Pablo Escobar , including mention of a video purportedly showing Sandinistas off-loading cocaine from planes in 1984 , and dwell on Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez 's off-the-books financial backing for Ortega .
Brazil has stated that it intends to vote in the Security Council in favor of recommending Palestine 's admission to the General Assembly ; Colombia has said that it plans to abstain .
But there is another explanation for Lula 's tragedy .
Although science disproved these explanations decades ago , they still prevail in Mexican popular culture because they all fit into that culture 's rigid , polarized definitions of masculinity and femininity .
But the European economic recovery plan that was recently reaffirmed by the European Council of Ministers is mainly focused on national measures to support domestic demand .
In implementing this plan , governments must refrain from the temptation to turn national measures into narrow protectionist schemes .
The only plausible explanation is the need to clear the way for his re-election as president , whatever the cost .
Finally , Hong Kong represents a test of the `` one country , two systems '' model proclaimed in 1997 , and thus of the feasibility of China 's applying the same scheme to its reunification plans for Taiwan .
We have all been hurt and are convinced that there are people who , having honed their malignant audacity to a sharp point , are now planning to hurt us again .
How is it that people with little or no medical explanation for a persistent pain become partially or totally disabled by it , even with extensive and resourceful treatment ?
But pain resists explanation as a simple sensation , just as music resists explanation as simple tones .
Why seemingly healthy body areas can hurt persistently , and thereby disable a person , still eludes explanation .
It was n't like another world or another planet ; it was like another galaxy . ''
NEW DELHI -- The agreement at the NATO summit meeting in Lisbon on a transition plan to help end the war in Afghanistan within the next four years raises troubling questions about regional security and the global fight against transnational terrorism .
The 2014 withdrawal plan , however , comes as no surprise , given US President Barack Obama 's expressed desire to end combat operations in Afghanistan .
The transition plan cements that strategic shift .
Indeed , NATO 's withdrawal plan is likely to lead to a realignment of ethnic forces , and thus to greater volatility .
While his supporters have staged protests against the police raid and interrogation of their leader , Indian officials have expressed apprehension that China may be funding Ogyen Trinley Dorje as part of a plan to influence the Karmapa 's Kagyu sect , which controls important monasteries along the militarized Indo-Tibetan border .
NEW DELHI -- The troubles of the Fukushima nuclear-power plant -- and other reactors -- in northeast Japan have dealt a severe blow to the global nuclear industry , a powerful cartel of less than a dozen major state-owned or state-guided firms that have been trumpeting a nuclear-power renaissance .
Many nuclear-power plants are located along coastlines , because they are highly water-intensive .
For example , many nuclear-power plants located along the British coast are just a few meters above sea level .
In 1992 , Hurricane Andrew caused significant damage at the Turkey Point nuclear-power plant on Biscayne Bay , Florida , but , fortunately , not to any critical systems .
All energy generators , including coal - and gas-fired plants , make major demands on water resources .
Because reactors located inland put serious strain on local freshwater resources -- including greater damage to plant life and fish -- water-stressed countries that are not landlocked try to find suitable seashore sites .
Similarly , although the 2006 European heat wave was less intense , water and heat problems forced Germany , Spain , and France to take some nuclear power plants offline and reduce operations at others .
Highlighting the vulnerability of nuclear power to environmental change or extreme-weather patterns , in 2006 plant operators in Western Europe also secured exemptions from regulations that would have prevented them from discharging overheated water into natural ecosystems , affecting fisheries .
Nuclear plants located by the sea do not face similar problems in hot conditions , because ocean waters do not heat up anywhere near as rapidly as rivers or lakes .
But , as Japan 's reactors have shown , coastal nuclear-power plants confront more serious dangers .
When the Indian Ocean tsunami struck , the Madras reactor 's core could be kept in safe shutdown condition because the electrical systems had been ingeniously installed on higher ground than the plant itself .
Fukushima is likely to stunt the appeal of nuclear power in a way similar to the accident at the Three Mile Island plant in Pennsylvania in 1979 , not to mention the far more severe meltdown of the Chernobyl reactor in 1986 .
In order to deflect attention from the real plan , the state-run media reported plans to turn the Varyag into a `` floating casino '' near Macau .
Subterfuge is also apparent in China 's plans at Gwadar , where a Chinese-built but still-underused commercial port opened in 2007 .
After Pakistan revealed the plans for a naval base , China responded with equivocation , saying that `` this issue was not touched upon '' during the visit .
The insurrection against Pakistani rule in the mineral-rich southern province of Baluchistan may impede China 's plan to turn Gwadar into an energy transshipment hub to transport Gulf and African oil to western China by pipeline .
Indeed , to get into the Great Power maritime game , China needs Gwadar to redress its main weakness -- the absence of a naval anchor in the Indian Ocean region , where it plans to have an important military presence .
Before Afghanistan becomes a Vietnam-style quagmire , Obama must rethink his plan for another troop surge .
China , the world 's biggest dam builder -- with slightly more than half of the approximately 50,000 large dams on the planet -- is rapidly accumulating leverage against its neighbors by undertaking massive hydro-engineering projects on transnational rivers .
Those disputes are bound to worsen , given China 's new focus on erecting mega-dams , best symbolized by its latest addition on the Mekong -- the 4,200-megawatt Xiaowan Dam , which dwarfs Paris 's Eiffel Tower in height -- and a 38,000-megawatt dam planned on the Brahmaputra at Metog , close to the disputed border with India .
In addition , China has planned the `` Great Western Route , '' the proposed third leg of the Great South-North Water Diversion Project -- the most ambitious inter-river and inter-basin transfer program ever conceived -- whose first two legs , involving internal rivers in China 's ethnic Han heartland , are scheduled to be completed within three years .
And , like ocean piracy and airplane hijacking , cyber-crime can not be allowed to go unpunished if we are to safeguard our common assets and collective interests .
China 's Construction Fetish NEW HAVEN -- As we digest the implications of China 's $ 586 billion stimulus plan , it is intriguing to ponder why China chooses infrastructure , buildings , and big projects every time growth needs a boost .
Indeed , while China 's new stimulus plan overwhelmingly emphasizes infrastructure , it gives short shrift to social programs , such as health care and education , even though they can reduce household saving pressure and increase private consumption .
Might it hold the key to a way to better preserve scarce organs needed for transplants ?
In 2010 , the United Nations International Year of Biodiversity , governments are supposed to reduce substantially the rate of loss of the world 's rich array of animals , plants , and other organisms .
The inherently erratic behavior of the major renewable energy technologies presents serious problems for power system planners .
The engineering solution is to keep a large amount of reliable base-load power as a major component of the generating mix and supplement this with `` peaking plants '' that can be brought on-line when needs arise .
In some countries , nuclear power has been seen as an answer , but deposits of high-grade nuclear fuel worldwide appear to be limited , and the long-term costs of waste storage and plant decommissioning are high .
Earth is an extraordinarily hot planet .
Six thousand kilometers below the surface , the planet 's core is as hot as the surface of the sun .
Brain-machine interfaces are already clinically well established -- for example , in restoring hearing through cochlear implants .
Current experiments on neural prosthetics point to the enormous future potential of similar interventions , whether retinal or brain-stem implants for the blind or brain-recording devices for controlling prostheses .
Animal research and some human studies suggest that full control of artificial limbs in real time could further offer the paralyzed an opportunity to grasp or even to stand and walk on brain-controlled , artificial legs , albeit likely through invasive means , with electrodes implanted directly in the brain .
For example , many in the deaf community have rejected cochlear implants , because they do not regard deafness as a disability that needs to be corrected , but as a part of their life and cultural identity .
To them , cochlear implants are an enhancement beyond normal functioning .
From this perspective , cochlear implants seem ethically unproblematic .
Mere weeks after the planes hit , Pentagon planners negotiated a return of American troops to Mindanao for the first time since the colonial era .
The Koizumi government plans to add two new 13,500-ton warships , both capable of carrying helicopters and of being converted to take jump jets to strike enemy territory .
Women who plan to postpone marriage while building their careers are far more likely to want to ensure that they can avoid or end an unintended pregnancy .
Then Bucharest 's mayor , Traian Basescu , proposes a plan to control the dogs : the city government will put to sleep any dog without an owner .
Even before the Bardot visit , demonstrators besieged City Hall in opposition to the plan .
When an economy is operating efficiently , expectations are largely fulfilled ; desires , resources , and production technology are well matched ; and people are reasonably satisfied with their plans , relations , and contracts .
But if the world evolves in a markedly unanticipated direction , people 's existing plans , relations , and contracts require revision .
Awaiting that restructuring , financial institutions could not perform as usual , which impeded financial intermediation and called into question plans , relations , and contracts -- such as corporate and residential investment or refinancing .
Meanwhile , consumers who held a substantial fraction of their wealth in housing were forced to revise their consumption plans in the face of declining values .
This affected all the producers , distributors , and retailers whose plans and contracts were based on now-obsolete expectations .
The current recession is as deep as the misalignment of specialized plans , relations , and contracts is extensive .
Automobile companies can not adjust immediately to a change in consumer preferences regarding what type of cars they want to purchase , or how frequently . Would-be financiers can not adjust to these plans overnight .
But , if the government could do that , central planning would be a good deal simpler .
To appreciate the malaise of a country like Guinea Bissau , imagine that you are a policeman there and are tipped off about a drug shipment coming in by plane .
A third are damaged beyond repair , another third are hopelessly unprofitable , and the rest are a mismanaged assortment of plants , a few of which could potentially produce something of value , but only with proper management and incentives .
Suicide bombers and death squads are not seeking shorter working hours , higher salaries , or better pension plans .
Supporters of the insurgency are happy to plant a roadside bomb in exchange for extra cash .
As a result , 30 -- 50 % of the planet 's land surface is now exploited by humans .
In those months , the seeds of my conversion to all things British were planted , which flowered decades later in my becoming a British citizen .
I have often wondered why Karl Popper ended the dramatic peroration of the first volume of his Open Society and Its Enemies with the sentence : `` We must go on into the unknown , the uncertain and insecure , using what reason we have to plan for both security and freedom . ''
Such examples serve to show that the most disquieting aspect of today 's insecurity may well be the diversity of its sources , and that there are no clear explanations and simple solutions .
Will the planned elections in Iraq be regarded as legitimate internally as well as externally ?
This is in part the explanation for the failure of the `` Greys , '' that is , of political groups catering to the interests of the elderly .
What we call `` terrorism '' has many causes , and one must beware of facile explanations .
Consider the old metaphysical puzzle : is a wooden boat whose planks are gradually replaced as they decay the same boat after all the planks have been changed ?
`` Systems '' biology is biology that recognizes that what remains the same is the design of the boat -- that which determines the relationships between the planks .
It may not be wrong , but the authors should provide a credible explanation of why their pre-war CDR is nearly half that of the UN Population Division .
With America 's planned defense budget increases , the trans-Atlantic gap in military capability will become a chasm .
Neutrals , like Finland and Austria , are opposed to plans for closer defense cooperation .
The British government tried to wriggle out of taking sides on the implications of the French and Dutch votes by saying that it would suspend its own plans for a referendum , but not cancel it outright .
But is this a good enough explanation ? As rewards went up , why did new competitors , prepared to undercut , fail to come into the market ?
In its proposed reforms of the regulatory system , the Obama administration plans to give the Fed more of these powers . That has inevitably strengthened the hands of those who argue that more power requires more accountability .
If he proceeds with plans to give it more functions , they will persist .
Indeed , the Basel Committee plans to require more capital in the future , though the new requirements will be delayed , owing to concerns about the cost and availability of credit to sustain the recovery .
In particular , a country planning to intervene must demonstrate that it has an intimidating stockpile of foreign-exchange reserves , and the readiness to use it .
Scientific Capitalism PRINCETON -- To understand how we got ourselves into our current economic mess , complicated explanations about derivatives , regulatory failure , and so on are beside the point .
A final science of man has no room for the unplanned and unpredictable recovery that is the only kind a capitalist economy can have after a crisis of this size .
Like Bacon , we value utility because it seems to lend credibility to the claims that science makes about the nature of the world -- science is true because it works . But , at the same time , we wo n't allow science to be reduced to practical utility , because that would destroy its intellectual status , as well as the intellectual status of scientists themselves , and would prevent science from giving explanations .
A third potential explanation is that intelligence is about good decision-making .
A fourth type of explanation is that people with higher intelligence in childhood tend to attain better educational qualifications , work in more professional jobs , have higher incomes , and live in more affluent areas .
The problem is that this `` explanation '' is statistical .
As we have come across these specific findings , we have realized that each link might need a different explanation .
Last year , negotiators developed a better understanding of what they want from the different aspects of the action plan they agreed in Bali , and they gathered ideas and proposals .
However , the Bali action plan addresses the need for developing countries to adopt nationally appropriate mitigation actions .
Avoid overly optimistic projections that lead to unworkable plans and unreasonable expectations , which the government will not be able to fulfill , as happened in Guatemala , for example , when its civil war ended .
Sixth , establish well-planned and synchronized programs for demobilization , disarmament , and reintegration , which are sine qua non for making the transition from war to peace irreversible .
Before these `` pledges '' become `` commitments , '' donors should carefully examine Georgia 's economic development strategy and assess its plans for humanitarian and reconstruction aid .
This requires careful planning , bold and innovative solutions for inducing the Taliban to give up their arms , and a commitment to `` stay the course '' with the right policies , possibly for many years .
What economists three generations later were to call Walras 's Law is the principle that any market in which people are planning to buy more than is for sale must be counterbalanced by a market or markets in which people are planning to buy less .
After all , as a social-resource planning mechanism does , a market tells us which things are valuable and thus gives us the signal to make more of them .
But we would also expect to see manufacturing plants running at double shifts -- the money not spent on construction has to go somewhere , and , remember , the problem is not a lack of aggregate demand .
We would expect to see manufacturers holding job fairs , and when not enough workers showed up , we would expect to see manufacturers offering higher wages to attract workers into their plants , and then raising prices to cover their higher costs .
The coexistence of high unemployment with falling inflation and no bottleneck-driven price or wage spikes tells us that `` structural '' supply-side explanations of America 's current high unemployment are vastly overblown .
Even though the British government 's credit is still solid gold , Prime Minister David Cameron 's administration is about to embark on what may be the largest sustained fiscal contraction ever : a plan to shrink the government budget deficit by 9 % of GDP over the next four years .
Add steep tariffs on imported manufactured goods -- rammed through over the angry protests of farmers and southern planters -- and you have the policies that intelligently designed much of nineteenth - and early twentieth-century America .
American governments will continue to plan and design the development of the economy , as they always have in the past .
Our current political and economic institutions rest upon the wager that a decentralized market provides a better social-planning , coordination , and capital-allocation mechanism than any other that we have yet been able to devise .
But the post-industrial core 's economy as a whole will continue to be like an airplane with only one working engine .
At this point , I as a pundit am supposed to come up with my magic plan , my clever scheme for fixing things and putting the world to rights .
Give people the incentives to plan for their future , ownership-society advocates argue , and they will .
He will have to praise Health Security Accounts -- and argue that people wo n't stop going to the doctor for preventive care even if their HSA-tied insurance plan does n't pick up any of the bills .
Economists have proposed three explanations for why macroeconomic catastrophes have not caused more human suffering and deranged long-run economic growth over the past generation .
The final explanation is that financial markets have calmed down .
Looking further out , US fiscal policy 's long-run problems will become increasingly visible and urgent : there is not even a hint of a plan for reconciling the long-term costs of the social insurance state with American taxpayers ' limited patience with high taxes .
At such a time , central banks must step in and set the price of liquidity at a reasonable level -- make it a centrally-planned and administered price -- rather than let it swing free in response to private-sector supply and demand .
Thus , as social democracy , government guideposts , and centralized planning waxed and waned elsewhere in the economy , social democracy in short-term finance went from strength to strength .
This island of central planning in the midst of the market economy was a strange and puzzling feature -- all the more so because so few remarked how strange it was .
But now it appears that , despite all this , we still have not had enough central planning in finance .
There is no doubt that had John McCain won the presidential election last November , a very similar deficit-spending stimulus package to the Obama plan -- perhaps with more tax cuts and fewer spending increases -- would have moved through Congress with unanimous Republican support .
I can understand -LRB- though I disagree with -RRB- opponents of the stimulus plan who believe that the situation is not that dire ; that the government spending will be slow and wasteful -LRB- whereas properly targeted tax cuts would provide a more effective stimulus -RRB- ; and thus that it would have been better to defeat Obama 's stimulus bill and try again in a couple of months .
I can also understand -LRB- though I disagree with -RRB- opponents who believe that the short-run stimulus effect of the plan will be small , while America 's weak fiscal position implies a large long-run drag on the economy from the costs of servicing the resulting debt .
It is this point that brings us to US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner 's plan to take about $ 465 billion of government money , combine it with $ 35 billion of private-sector money , and use it to buy up risky financial assets .
It is like describing how one could bake a delicious wedding cake using only honey , bicarbonate of soda , and raw eggplant .
Such a plan can get off the ground only if 50 Democratic senators are willing to rely on the budget reconciliation process -- used to combine the bills adopted by the House of Representatives and the Senate -- and are willing to accelerate that process and complete it within a month .
Another compelling explanation comes from a venture capitalist who credits Chinese society with copious reserves of entrepreneurial energy that derives , he believes , from the fact that Chinese culture attaches very little shame to failing in a business enterprise .
NEW YORK -- In their efforts to pass a bailout plan for America 's financial system , Bush administration officials invoked the specter of the Great Depression of the 1930 's .
Deng temporarily withdrew , letting the central planners around Party elder Chen Yun slow down marketization and weather the PRC 's international isolation in Tiananmen 's wake .
Having begrudgingly purged the reformers in 1989 , Deng in 1992 seized the opportunity to sideline the central planners , bringing in China 's neo-liberal hero , Zhu Rongji , to re-fire the engines of the economy .
So the best the world can currently hope for is revived dialogue , an agreement to freeze the North 's Yongbyon nuclear plant , and perhaps a moratorium on further missile and nuclear tests .
The best hope for most North Koreans is the subterranean market economy that fills the gaps in the state 's planned economy and public distribution system .
Although North Korea has doggedly stood behind its outmoded model of state control and central planning , Kim 's visits to the boom cities of Dalian and Tianjin reflect his tentative but ongoing interest in alternative ways to achieve `` strength and prosperity '' for his country .
The final misconception is that Hu might have demanded an explanation from Kim as to the causes of the fatal sinking of a South Korean vessel in late March .
During his first term , Brazil 's President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva implemented a `` Zero Hunger '' plan targeting the most vulnerable people in Brazilian society .
In Venezuela , Hugo Chávez took a further radical turn and launched a widespread plan of land reform .
In a time of political and economic transition -- for example , the shift from authoritarianism to democracy and from a centrally planned to a free market economy -- many jobs are on the line .
This is not to say that educational development is a field where foreign assistance is inappropriate . But because there are limits to what foreign assistance can achieve , it needs to be planned carefully .
It has been several years since private investors and states began buying and leasing millions of hectares of farmland worldwide in order to secure their domestic supply of food , raw commodities , and biofuels , or to get subsidies for carbon storage through plantations .
In South Asia , many populations are currently being driven off their ancestral land to make room for large palm-oil plantations , special economic zones , or re-forestation projects .
There is also a clear tension between ceding land to investors for the creation of large plantations , and the objective of redistributing land and ensuring more equitable access to it .
They are often very productive by hectare , since they maximize the use of the soil , and achieve the best complementary use of plants and animals .
But science is not a competition between scientists ; it is a contest of ideas -- namely , explanations of what is out there in reality , how it behaves , and why .
These explanations are initially tested not by experiment but by criteria of reason , logic , applicability , and uniqueness at solving the mysteries of nature that they address .
Predictions are used to test only the tiny minority of explanations that survive these criteria .
They are tightly constrained by the explanatory substance of Einstein 's theory , which holds that gravity is due to the curvature of spacetime , that light has the same speed for all observers , and so on .
But Einstein realized that it is possible to add one particular term -- the cosmological term -- and adjust its magnitude to predict a static universe , without spoiling any other explanation .
They merely made it a bad explanation .
But Einstein insisted that physical phenomena have explanations in terms of what he called `` elements of reality . ''
So , while most accounts say that Bohr won the debate , my view is that Einstein , as usual , was seeking an explanation of reality , while his rivals were advocating nonsense .
As the yen appreciated , Japan responded not by exporting less but by improving productivity and quality control through plant and equipment investment and innovations in factory management , making possible rapid growth in exports of high-value-added products .
China 's Excess-Capacity Nightmare SHANGHAI -- Back in 1958 , the year of China 's ill-fated `` Great Leap Forward , '' Chairman Mao had big plans for the steel industry .
For Beijing 's central planners , however , the size of China 's industrial base has become a cause for alarm rather than celebration .
These have been obsolete in most of the rest of the world for over a century , and accounted for less than 3 % of production even in 1957 , when most of China 's cement plants were imports from Eastern Europe .
In 2006 , for example , the NDRC produced a list of plants that were required to cease operations by the end of the following year .
Some expected to expand their plants so that they would no longer be counted as inefficient -- a stratagem explicitly prohibited by the regulations .
In many industries , neither market forces nor central planning are strong enough to bring about the `` creative destruction '' of inefficient producers .
Because supplies of donated medicines can be unpredictable , they can create chaos in the market by preventing accurate quantification of needs and thus affecting planning .
The chief executive of GlaxoSmithKline -LRB- GSK -RRB- unveiled a four-point plan that included a commitment to cap prices for patented medicines in LDCs at 25 % of the price in the developed world .
Plastic surgery , the implantation of biochips , piercings -- all emblazon the belief that our bodies are our unique property .
External substitutes for organic structures can be surgically implanted , breaking down the barrier between the body and the outside world .
Burma 's rulers have said that the vote will be delayed in the areas hardest hit by the cyclone until May 24 , but the referendum will still go ahead as planned in other parts of the country .
In July 2010 , a total of 439 nuclear power plants with a net installed capacity of 373.038 GW -LRB- e -RRB- were connected to various national electricity grids , about 1.2 GW -LRB- e -RRB- more than at the beginning of 2006 .
During 2009 , for example , nuclear power plants provided 2,560 TWh -LRB- e -RRB- -LRB- 2,560 billion kWh -RRB- of electric energy , about 1.6 % lower than during 2008 and almost 4 % lower than during the record year of 2006 , when 2,658 TWh -LRB- e -RRB- were produced .
The supply from these sources will drop by roughly 10,000 tons at the end of 2013 , when the Megatons to Megawatt Program between Russia and the United States -- which recycles highly-enriched uranium from Russian nuclear warheads into low-enriched uranium for nuclear power plants -- comes to an end .
Current projections indicate that uranium shortages in the coming years can be avoided only if existing and new uranium mines operate according to plan .
The view that the amount of energy derived from nuclear power worldwide will continue its slow decrease during the coming years is further supported by the 2008 annual report of the Euratom Supply Agency , which coordinates the long-term uranium needs of nuclear power plants within the European Union .
One can also expect that the current worldwide economic crisis will not help to accelerate the construction of nuclear power plants and new uranium mines .
Of course , neoconservative critics of the high court will see in this explanation the confirmation of their worst fears .
An innovative fundraising mechanism called Voluntary Solidarity Contribution will allow air travelers and others to make a voluntary micro-donation to UNITAID simply by checking a box when buying , say , a plane ticket , and adding $ 2 to the total cost .
Where the wider world is concerned , this meant that Mexicans were too often afraid to act ; they opted for stoicism and resignation instead of planning and action .
As Paz warned : `` We live , as the rest of the planet , a decisive and mortal moment , orphans of the past and with a future to invent . ''
But the fundamental explanation lies in a crony capitalist system with too many vested interests to maintain .
When the NRC was created in 2002 , it was devised as a mechanism for dialogue , cooperation , and joint decision-making on issues of mutual interest , including non-proliferation and arms control , the fight against terrorism , civil emergency planning , and military-to-military cooperation .
The United States plans to establish part of its global missile defense system in the Czech Republic and Poland .
Alternatively , it could have intervened by instituting planning regulations or imposing limits on mortgage loans .
Likewise , it develops five-year plans -- and in many cases , such as in science and technology , plans that exceed 15 years .
So there are plans afoot to develop and distribute tools to analyze information , discover correlations -LRB- data-mining -RRB- , and display the results as graphs and charts .
It has built a genome-sequencing factory and plans to build several more over the next few years .
In the United States , the Federal Trade Commission has announced plans to require bloggers and celebrity endorsers to disclose gifts or payments from vendors and others seeking the bloggers ' positive comments online .
The Information State MOSCOW -- The new American administration of Barack Obama is planning to appoint a chief technology officer , following the lead of most large corporations nowadays .
Information has been so scarce in Russia that Web sites such as tutu . ru -LRB- train and plane schedules -RRB- and banki . ru -LRB- bank information for consumers -RRB- seem like miracles .
Part of the explanation for the higher esteem in which the IMF is now held is its recent display of intellectual flexibility -- a rare virtue for a big , lumbering bureaucracy .
Governments will be required to let the Commission vet their budgetary plans in advance .
Others strongly disagree , noting the continued low level of interest rates , and that even under the previous government 's plan , net borrowing costs were already scheduled to fall by nearly two-thirds between 2010-11 and 2014-15 .
Here , with input from South Korea , it is developing plans for a Precautionary Credit Line -LRB- PCL -RRB- .
One popular explanation is a culture that denigrated industry and entrepreneurship .
In fact , this supposed explanation for British decline has not stood the test of time .
A second popular explanation for British decline focuses on the educational system .
A final explanation for Britain 's failure to keep up makes economic policy the culprit .
Herein lies the most convincing explanation for British decline .
Two of my Northern California neighbors , Peter Allen and Gary Evans -- both veterans of the Brady Plan -- have explained how a similar plan could be implemented today .
While there is a plan to raise and then eliminate the 20 % threshold , this is left to some future , unspecified date .
Already , the European Commission has stated that various European governments ' forecasts for GDP growth , put forward in their plans for budget austerity in the coming years , are overly optimistic .
It has to move forward fast enough to exceed critical physical thresholds , which are significantly higher than those for most of Boeing 's other -LRB- smaller -RRB- planes .
They will hope for a short winter for the global economy , but they will plan and position for a long one .
A United Nations plan for unification was accepted by the Turkish part . But the Greek Cypriots voted against the plan because their leaders did not live up to the implicit deal with the EU to support it .
Russia is also flexing its muscles over the question of Kosovo 's future , raising objections in the United Nations Security Council to the UN 's plan for independence and openly supporting Serbia 's quest to maintain its supremacy over Kosovo .
But the value of the new `` Paris-London Entente '' will be limited if both countries cut their defense expenditures so much that their combined strength remains at best unchanged . That Britain plans to fund construction of a new aircraft carrier , but not the planes to fly off of it , suggests that resources for the new entente will be sorely lacking .
But with Germany 's Luftwaffe planning heavy cuts to its procurement of Euro-fighters , India may have second thoughts about taking part in the project .
Many of us would resist such a world -- not because such a world would be unjust , or because it would lead to more pain and suffering , but because of the extent to which it has been planned and engineered .
Future archaeologists would do well not to seek an explanation of this variation in terms of visible differences in our skeletal biology !
This is Putin 's plan .
And there is the disconcerting prospect that new civil nuclear-energy players will insist on building uranium-enrichment or plutonium-reprocessing plants of their own , rightly described as `` bomb starter kits . ''
The messages must be stark : nuclear weapons are not only the most indiscriminately inhumane weapons ever invented , but the only ones capable of destroying life on this planet as we know it .
A no-fly zone will be easier to contemplate as the last vulnerable expatriates leave the country , and planning for its application should be rapidly advanced .
A Europe built around such a core corresponds to what I call a `` Saturn model , '' with a huge planet in the middle , surrounded by rings , converging sooner or later in the center .
After all , although modern market economics provides a sound framework for policymaking -- as Chinese bureaucrats are eagerly learning -- the idea of a planned economy emerged in the nineteenth century as a counter-orthodoxy to address market failures .
Indeed , the type of central government inherited from the old planned economy , with its over-stretched growth plans , causes fluctuations , and contributed significantly to instability in the early 1980 's .
The target set by the new five-year plan is thus also a policy manifesto to battle these social disparities , which are now a burning issue for the country .
In the next five years , more efforts in that direction are planned .
The best a government plan can do is to prevent the worst .
While the Fed is planning to pump more money into the US economy , the PBC is trying to reduce the amount of money in circulation in China .
China 's new five-year plan for economic and social development , to be implemented starting in 2011 , may address the issue in a meaningful way , by aiming for the establishment of a national , universal , and portable social-security system .
The plan may also require city governments to increase the provision of public goods -- including education , health care , and a minimum level of income protection -- to non-hukou regular residents .
We 're talking about significant changes in the pattern of investment across the supply and demand chains , as well as huge additional spending on new capital stock , especially in power plants and in more energy-efficient equipment and appliances .
Today , much of the developed world 's agriculture is a large-scale enterprise : mechanized , computer-controlled , and based on sophisticated use of chemistry and knowledge of plant and soil physiology .
Twentieth-century plant breeders learned to accelerate genetic changes in plants with chemicals and radiation -- a rather shotgun approach to the genetic improvement of plants .
Herbicide-tolerant plants have decreased herbicide use and encouraged the widespread adoption of no-till farming , markedly reducing topsoil loss and promoting soil fertility .
Insect-resistant GM corn , for example , shows much lower levels of mycotoxin contamination than conventionally or organically grown corn because the plants are resistant to the insect larvae that bore holes through which fungi enter plants .
But the use of molecular techniques to improve crop plants continues to be rejected emphatically by many countries in Europe , by Japan , and -- most tragically -- by many African countries .
A human population approaching seven billion is straining the limits of the planet 's ecological support systems .
The amount of arable land on the planet has not changed substantially in more than half a century .
Developing an environmentally friendly agriculture for a hot and crowded planet will require the most advanced agricultural methods available , including GM techniques .
If either country adhered to the thinking embodied in the Bush administration 's new nuclear policy , there would be little reason for each not to seek to integrate nuclear weapons even more deeply into their own contingency plans -- and possibly use them .
The plan working its way through the United States Congress -LRB- the Waxman-Markey bill -RRB- would initially give away 85 % of the permits , impose a complex set of regulatory policies , and allow companies to buy CO2 offsets -LRB- e.g. , by paying for the planting of trees -RRB- instead of reducing their emissions or buying permits .
Such large fiscal deficits would mean that the government must borrow funds that would otherwise be available for private businesses to finance investment in productivity-enhancing plant and equipment .
The centerpiece of his domestic agenda is a health-care plan that will cost more than a trillion dollars over the next decade , and that he proposes to finance by reducing waste in the existing government health programs -LRB- Medicare and Medicaid -RRB- without reducing the quantity and quality of services .
Several competing plans emerged from the different Congressional committees that have jurisdiction over the issue .
There is also no clear plan to slow the growth of health-care costs .
The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office -LRB- CBO -RRB- estimates that the Senate Finance Committee plan would cost about $ 800 billion between now and 2019 .
If the cost and financing estimates are accurate , and if Congress does not change any of these provisions in the future , the CBO 's calculations imply that the Senate Finance Committee plan would reduce fiscal deficits between now and 2019 by $ 49 billion , less than 1 % of the projected deficits of more than $ 7 trillion .
So every planned euro of deficit reduction delivers less than a euro of actual deficit reduction .
That means that planned tax increases and cuts in basic government spending would have to be even larger than 10 % of GDP in order to achieve a 3 % - of-GDP budget deficit .
The general shift from defined-benefit pension plans to defined-contribution plans meant that employees felt the effect of rising share prices directly in their own personal accounts .
Corporate retained earnings have averaged about 3 % of GDP after allowing for depreciation of existing plant and equipment .
Such a low national saving rate would not be sufficient to finance the level of new investment in plant , equipment , and housing that the country needs .
This need not mean outright default ; a plan to repay principal and interest with low-interest securities rather than cash -- or to withhold income tax on interest earned from government bonds , crediting those taxes against the obligations of American taxpayers -- would achieve the same result .
The same negative effect on the current account could occur if the corporate sector increases its rate of investment in plant and equipment or reduces corporate saving by paying higher wages or dividends .
The effect of quantitative easing on exchange rates between the dollar and the floating-rate currencies is a predictable result of the Fed 's plan to increase the supply of dollars .
It is significant that this policy was adopted before Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke 's speech in August , in which he announced his tentative plans for quantitative easing .
A stronger renminbi would help to reduce rising inflationary pressure in China by reducing the cost of imports , which would also increase Chinese households ' real incomes -- a key goal of China 's new five-year plan .
CAMBRIDGE -- China 's new five-year plan will have important implications for the global economy .
China now plans to raise the relative growth rate of real wages and to encourage increased consumer spending .
This will be even more important in the future as China carries out its plan to increase domestic spending , especially spending by Chinese households .
The current plan to reduce the present value of privately held bonds by 20 % is just a first small step toward this outcome .
Although I support the need for a large fiscal package , I disagree with many of the specific features of the plans now under consideration .
But old right-wing planks formed much of his platform .
Little will be genuinely free in a future crafted by these populists : `` liberalism '' behind barricades ; `` welfare '' that denies the most needy ; `` tolerance '' that allows some to be targets ; the un-liberating leader-cults of `` noisy little men , '' their nationalisms and their narrow-mindedness , their police priorities and procrustean plans for `` integrating '' minorities .
What is now required is the will to adopt and implement Ahtisaari 's plan .
After an apparent lull in aerial bombardments , the planes soon returned , and the Janjaweed resumed their campaign of murder and destruction .
But his final visit to Israel seems to indicate that his objective is different : he seems to be planning , together with Israel , to end the Iranian nuclear program -- and to do so by military , rather than diplomatic , means .
But Europeans , while having launched national recovery plans , remain unwilling to take on a similar debt risk .
As for the economic crisis , bailouts and stimulus packages on the order of billions of dollars , euros , yen , or yuan have been planned or implemented to stem the further slide of the global economy .
In 1929 , there were slightly more than two billion people living on the planet ; today , there are 6.7 billion , and in 2050 there will be nine billion .
Where this will lead the world can be seen even today : China already has the world 's most ambitious scheme for expanding nuclear energy , and every year it builds coal-fired power plants whose electricity output is roughly equivalent to the capacity of the entire British power grid !
Indeed , there is no strategy or master plan whatsoever for a return to nationalism .
What is happening , however , is precisely the opposite , and for this there is only one explanation : the election was rigged .
The majority of humanity has sought since November 9 , 1989 , to achieve Western living standards at all costs , overstretching our planet 's climate and ecosystems .
Turkish Northern Cyprus accepted UN Secretary General Kofi Annan 's plan -LRB- massively supported by the EU -RRB- to resolve the long-standing conflict .
Many new developments have been set in motion in that entire region by the global economic crisis , and a new player , China -LRB- a long-term planner -RRB- , has entered the geopolitical stage .
Nuclear power is saddled with three major unresolved risks : plant safety , nuclear waste , and , most menacing of all , the risk of military proliferation .
If you apply this new plan to Iraq alone , two things immediately catch the eye : almost all the proposals of the Baker-Hamilton report have been ignored , and the plan itself -- in the face of the chaos in Iraq -- is quite simplistic .
If you add to this the seizure , on President Bush 's orders , of Iranian `` diplomats '' by US forces in the northern Iraqi town of Erbil , a completely new picture of the President 's plan comes to the fore : the `` new strategy '' does not follow the advice of the Baker-Hamilton report , but harks back to the disastrous strategy of the neo-cons .
Equally important is research into the most effective measures to combat cross-border animal and plant diseases . Agriculture , after all , must be viewed in the context of the wider eco-system , which also means developing improved methods for conserving resources such as soil , forests , and fisheries .
In total , the recovery plans of European Union members came to only 1.6 % of GDP compared with 5.6 % in the US .
When a group of dissident Jews conspired in 1970 to highjack an airplane , they were charged with attempted treason .
If the requirements of reciprocity and publicity are applied to the current plans to invade Iraq , the implications are clear .
Conspiracy , by contrast , is suited to a legal system that emphasizes early police intervention , before criminal plans are carried out .
Philosophers of science have traditionally approached questions concerning what counts as knowledge , explanation , and theory as if they could be answered universally .
Like Rashevsky , he had been steeped in mathematical and physical scientists ' belief that an imaginary construction making no pretense to literal truth can nonetheless capture the `` features of greatest importance '' and hence serve a useful explanatory function .
More broadly , the best explanations of how biological systems solve particular problems come from experimental genetics , not mathematics and logic .
A second possible explanation for the explosion in autism is that previously missed cases are now being more accurately diagnosed .
This does n't entirely disprove an environmental vector , but it does make the odds quite remote -- especially since there is a far more plausible explanation .
South Korea in the G-20 Spotlight CAMBRIDGE -- South Korea has an historic opportunity when it chairs the G-20 meeting in Seoul on November 11-12 , for this will be the first time that a non-G-7 country has hosted the G-20 since the larger body supplanted the G-7 as the steering committee of the world economy .
Overall , we anticipate that many of these CNVs will provide explanations to how we adapt and interact with our ever-changing environment .
A more development-minded Libya could help dampen tensions in these vital regions . Indeed , Gaddafi 's emphatic call for Libya to embrace the market economy could have a sort of revolutionary domino effect among North Africa 's `` dirigiste '' economies , improving the chances for a revitalization of plans to open and integrate the Maghreb Union economies .
In Iraq alone , the administration misestimated the threat of WMD , failed to plan adequately for the occupation , and then proved unable to adjust quickly when things went wrong .
Indeed , krill form the largest known aggregation of marine life , with a biomass perhaps greater than any other multi-cellular animal organism on the planet .
Instead of spending money on armaments , as Chávez has done , Rosales plans to redistribute 20 % of Venezuela 's national oil revenue directly to citizens in the lowest income groups .
In the aftermath of the French and Dutch referenda , the European Commission and the European Parliament have sketched plans for a Europe-wide debate on these issues .
An implantable cardioverter defibrillator can jolt the heart back to normal if an irregular , life-threatening rhythm develops in patients who have had a heart attack .
Of course , Russia 's generals readily believe the most paranoid explanations of American motives -LRB- particularly now , when American foreign policy seems so arrogant -RRB- .
In 2002 , after terrorists took 800 theatergoers hostage , Putin ordered that an anti-terrorist component be added to Russia 's military strategic plan .
They plan when and where to strike .
After the Beslan tragedy , Putin offered an exotic explanation of terrorism : the terrorists , he claimed , are instruments in the hands of those who still fear Russia as a nuclear power .
Sometimes the transplant works well enough , but it does not address the central problem : What is the nature of the information conveyed between each level , and how is it conveyed ?
Most of the group is banking on the `` transplant '' strategy , in which the basic science of one layer is placed in another , tweaked and supplemented in order to be functional .
The group identified the gaps that need explanation .
These factors clearly played a role , but , overall , if a body of scientifically inclined people from the inner city had been involved in flood control and evacuation planning , the consequences of hurricane Katrina would certainly have been managed more effectively .
By contrast , the inappropriateness of transplanting troops from Iraq into an emergency rescue operation is obvious .
According to one story , possibly apocryphal , in the 1970 's , the Islamic insurgency in Iran was initially planned using material delivered through porn-related channels because the mosques were so tightly controlled .
Airliners and fighter planes operate in `` controlled '' air close to the ground , while nationality is supposed to matter less the higher you go .
As light pollution covers more of the planet , we are losing one of our oldest connections to nature : the ancient ability to gaze at the stars .
These three qualities should be put to work if our planet is to be spared major water wars .
Today , another planetary threat has emerged .
People used to joke that we will struggle for peace until there is nothing left on the planet ; the threat of climate change makes this prophesy more literal than ever .
In addition , it might be necessary to have a review conference in 2015 to adjust our targets and plans to the new realities .
In 1985 during the height of the Cold War , when negotiations were bogged down at the US -- Soviet Union Geneva Summit , the negotiators were instructed by their leaders annoyed by lack of progress , `` we do not want your explanations why this ca n't be done .
By failing to propose a compelling plan for nuclear disarmament , the US , Russia , and the remaining nuclear powers are promoting through inaction a future in which nuclear weapons will inevitably be used .
During the early transition years , the lack of an effective monetary-policy framework reflected the challenge of establishing new institutions and regulations , as well as the difficulty of overcoming the legacy of central planning , under which budget and credit financing were indistinguishable .
He believed that the state had an `` ardent obligation '' to engage in economic planning .
French central planning attempted to blaze a new path between Communist centralisation and Vichy corporatism .
The more immediate explanation for the lack of reforms derives from the paradox of the strength of the French economy .
Congress has pared $ 100 billion from the Bush administration 's 10-year $ 726 billion tax cut plan , and the US 's projected 10-year $ 2 trillion budget deficit will grow as the Iraq war 's costs mount , with President Bush submitting a supplemental request for $ 80bn -LRB- 0.8 % of GDP -RRB- in extra military spending this year .
Yet , even on the assumption that Putin has no plans to nationalize key natural resource companies , he clearly desires strong state control over these `` commanding heights '' of the economy .
Credit Where Credit is Due In the old days , when communist central planning suffocated China 's economy , fixed-asset investment was the regime 's measure of economic progress .
Whether describing genes for the color of flowers in pea plants or the shape of the fruit fly 's wings , geneticists at the beginning of the last century believed that each gene governed one unique characteristic .
Indeed , the Japan Defense Agency recently outlined three scenarios for a Chinese attack against Japan , and announced that it is planning to redeploy its troops from the north -LRB- where they were originally stationed to defend Japan against the former Soviet Union -RRB- to the south , facing China .
The explanation is simple : the problems that underlie the crisis -LRB- the precarious state of Greek public finances and that of the Spanish real estate sector -RRB- have not been solved , though they should actually be easily manageable in a pan-European context .
They constitute a small but well organized group that wields immense lobbying power to block efforts to limit CO2 emissions by putting a price on them , as the planned US cap-and-trade system would have done .
A planet composed of nation-states that in turn are dominated by special interest groups does not seem capable of solving this problem .
Moreover , it implies that the crisis is fully under European control , and that the European authorities have elaborated a comprehensive plan that will resolve all of Greece 's fiscal and structural problems .
Hence the official -- let 's say `` Southern '' -- refrain : `` The IMF\/EU plan will succeed .
Hyper-presidentialism , inbred politics , and a plan to keep power indefinitely through a legal technicality : all this could put the Kirchners on the same level with the `` caudillos for life '' that Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez has brought back to the Latin American scene .
More recently , Cristina 's foreign minister presided over the requisitioning of a US military plane on Argentinean soil .
Suggestions that characterized the vote as revealing the government 's true `` Islamic '' character ignore the fact that the only opposition party in parliament , the Republican People 's Party -- founded by Atatürk and still fully `` secularist '' -- voted against the plan .
Their silence on Iraq reflected their apprehension about unwanted alternatives : either support the US plan and risk encouraging Kurdish moves toward an independent state , or oppose the Americans and jeopardize a critical strategic relationship .
They chose to defer to the civilian leadership and to parliament , which , in voting down the US plan , reflected overwhelming public sentiment against the war .
In view of this experience , Nigeria now plans to abolish the naira in favor of joining a monetary union with four or five other West African countries -LRB- The Gambia , Ghana , Guinea , Sierra Leone , and perhaps Liberia -RRB- .
But that planned monetary union , until recently envisaged to be launched in 2009 , has now been put on ice .
Imagine how the world would react if some government were known to be planning to use or transfer a nuclear device or had already done so .
Terrorism and Counter-Terrorism Reconsidered The arrests in London of 21 terrorists who appear to have planned to blow up a number of airplanes over the Atlantic reminds us , if any reminder is needed , of the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington of September 11 , 2001 .
And as the recent arrests in London suggest , it is also possible that the desire of some terrorists to accomplish something more dramatic than the 9\/11 attacks may have complicated their ability to implement their plans and increased the prospect that they will be detected .
Terrorism can now be carried out with boxcutters and airplanes as easily as with explosives .
The United States and the three other members of the Quartet -- the European Union , Russia , and the United Nations -- are planning to convene many of the parties to the Israeli-Arab conflict at a meeting near Washington in November .
Greater sharing of existing cleaner-coal technologies is needed , as is continued development of next-generation clean-coal plants .
The humanitarian challenge has been less burdensome than anticipated , thanks to advance planning by the US and the world community and to the rapid , focused , and discriminate way in which coalition forces fought the war .
What little chance there was of the US backing any global plan to limit or tax carbon emissions has disappeared .
But averting such a crisis requires that the White House and Congress , Democrats and Republicans , agree on a plan for moving the US budget toward balance .
In the case of Egypt , there are several reasons : more than 30 years of one-man rule ; Hosni Mubarak 's plans to pass the presidency on to his son ; widespread corruption , patronage , and nepotism ; and economic reform that did not benefit most Egyptians , but that nonetheless contrasted sharply with the almost complete absence of political change .
Terrorism is a decentralized phenomenon -- in its funding , planning , and execution .
NEW YORK -- It was a decade ago that 19 terrorists took control of four planes , flew two into the twin towers of the World Trade Center , hit the Pentagon with a third , and crashed the fourth in a field in Pennsylvania after passengers resisted and made it impossible for the terrorists to complete their malevolent mission .
But this can not be the whole explanation , because a similar radicalization is occurring within German 's left , where the alliance of the post-communist PDS -- still powerful in the Länder of what was East Germany -- and SPD dissidents led by Oskar Lafontaine promotes equally radical proposals .
The number-one component of any fertilizer is nitrogen , and the first of the two German researchers , Fritz Haber , discovered how to work the dangerous , complex chemistry needed to pull nitrogen out of the atmosphere -- where it is abundant but useless for fertilizer -- and turn it into a substance that can grow plants .
Today , jaw-droppingly huge Haber-Bosch plants , much refined and improved , are humming around the world , pumping out the hundreds of thousands of tons of fertilizers that enrich the fields that grow the crops that become the sugars and oils and cattle that are cooked into the noodles and chips , pizza , burritos , and snack cakes that make us fat .
Chinese officials have said that the crisis that began in the United States will not slow down long-planned reforms in China 's financial markets .
They insist that China will go ahead with plans to introduce margin trading , short selling , and futures contracts on share prices .
The government also announced plans earlier this month to increase infrastructure spending by $ 586 billion during 2009 and 2010 .
Restart the Talks on Cyprus LONDON &#45; &#45; Ever since Greek Cypriots rejected the United Nations plan to reunite Cyprus in 2004 , antagonism has grown between the Greek majority and the Turks in the north of the island .
The Turkish government , unwisely , became embroiled with the EU over its plan to extend the customs union to include all new member states , including Cyprus .
Moreover , there seems little doubt that the final , rejected version of the UN 's 2003-04 reunification plan will have to be changed , although earlier versions might contain ideas worth re-visiting .
Greek Cypriots were worried , for instance , about the tax bill for the last proposed settlement ; an agreement by the EU and other international players to subsidize the plan would cut the potential cost without affecting the Turkish community at all .
This will help to avoid the kind of fears that surfaced in 2004 about implementation of the previous UN plan .
But an alternative explanation , consistent with the facts of biology and geology , is that over millions of years we have evolved a moral faculty that generates intuitions about right and wrong .
When asked to justify why some cases are permissible and others forbidden , subjects are either clueless or offer explanations that can not account for the relevant differences .
All humanity is faced by this crucial dilemma : to silently watch a suicidal self-propulsion of our civilization ; or to become active participants in the maintenance of global public assets , including the most precious one of all -- our planet and its biosphere -- of which we are a part .
All of the world 's regions have problems -- Russia with its self-understanding ; Africa with its poverty , famine and tribal wars ; and the West with the dilemma of whether it will allow the civilization that it gave , and sometimes imposed on , this planet to destroy itself or to find in the depths of its knowledge and conscience sources of a renewed sense of responsibility for the world .
On the island , such planned harassments are called `` actos de repudio '' -- `` acts of rejection . ''
For all of their wealth and planning , the Saudis remain vulnerable to the turmoil surrounding them .
The coalition partners party institutions may exert massive influence over planned reforms , even to the point of stopping them .
Most modern explanations treat the illusion as a static phenomenon , in which a stationary observer views a fixed illuminated object over a ground .
Since observation contradicts the hypothesis , modern explanations of the Moon Illusion have proposed a variety of changes to the SDIH .
Other explanations exclude perceived distance .
Official Chinese policy in recent years has been to make GDP growth greener . But not at the expense of growth itself -- and China plans to grow pretty fast .
Climate change negotiations are arguably the most important of our lifetime , because their outcome will determine the fate of our planet .
Things are not turning out as planned .
In the skies of Serbia and Kosovo , NATO warplanes attacked target after target , not to support the liberation of territory or in furtherance of a strategic bombing campaign , but rather to change Milosevic 's mind .
Meanwhile , NATO planners desperately sought to identify targets that would either deny him the means of ethnic cleansing , or , more often , encourage him to reconsider his position .
Indeed , such major carmakers as Toyota , Honda , Daimler , General Motors , and Hyundai\/Kia are deep into plans for commercial production of cars powered by hydrogen fuel cells .
Honda showed a prototype fuel cell car assembly line last year ; Daimler already launched one this year ; Hyundai\/Kia plans to have one by 2012 , and Toyota , probably the biggest player , by 2015 , with small outputs initially , by the thousands later , and increasing steeply after that .
President Bush 's comparison of the capture of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed -LRB- reputed to have planned the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon -RRB- to the liberation of Paris in 1944 was certainly hyperbolic , but the arrest was a political blessing for the US President all the same .
America 's plan to liberate Iraq with cruise missiles betrays not only crude ignorance , but also a lack of will to try and deal with the causes of terrorism .
The dispute over Kashmir had occupied the minds of military planners throughout Pakistan 's history , and war had been the raison d'etre for maintaining the world 's eighth-largest standing army .
The military owns airlines and freight companies , petrochemical factories , power generation plants , sugar mills , cement and fertilizer plants , construction firms , banks and insurance companies , advertising agencies , and more .
If there is a plan to clear the concrete rubble in and around the town , nobody seems to have any clue .
None seem to have an explanation for why God 's wrath was especially directed to mosques , madrassas , and schools -- all of which collapsed in huge numbers .
They must demand a voice in planning and implementing the reconstruction effort and , along with international donors , transparency and public auditing of where aid is spent .
Our lives , and those of all other creatures on this planet , are both part of and dependent on biodiversity .
This partnership of more than 100 institutions in over 50 countries has already conserved 10 % of the world 's wild plant species , and is working towards conserving 25 % , focusing on those that are rare , endangered , and useful .
Kew 's leading work in understanding and conserving plants around the world is hence a key pillar in the fight against biodiversity loss .
Its collections contain some of the largest and most comprehensive records of plant diversity in the world , and are a global point of reference for research .
A deep understanding of plant science is essential in planning and executing conservation projects .
Kew 's recent work with the International Union for Conservation of Nature , London 's Natural History Museum , and the Zoological Society of London to create the Sample Red List Index -LRB- SRLI -RRB- for plants has revealed for the first time that one in five of the world 's plant species is threatened with extinction .
As a result , we now have a baseline from which to measure progress in plant conservation around the world .
Committing the political will , and a small fraction of the world 's financial resources , to biodiversity conservation -- and the scientific research that underpins it -- would bring indispensable long-term benefits , including a healthy planet for our children .
A plane with the UN envoy for human rights was denied landing rights in Baidoa -LRB- seat of the Somali parliament -RRB- not long ago , and pilots sometimes refuse to fly foreigners to Mogadishu , because it is too dangerous .
Moreover , epidemiological studies indicated that BSE was likely to have been transmitted to cattle -LRB- and other species -RRB- by meat-and-bone-meal animal feed produced by UK rendering plants and exported to many countries .
Certainly , monetary analysis is no easy task , though this is true for all relevant economic explanations .
Indeed , the Democratic plan -LRB- if it can be called one -RRB- ignores Iran 's ongoing subversion of Iraq 's state institutions , which will continue unless and until they become strong enough to resist such machinations .
Indeed , this summer it injected itself into the US elections by seeming to endorse Obama 's plan for early withdrawal .
For , instead of infrastructure plans , commercial or environmental treaties , or even multilateral action against such common problems as violence and poverty , the issue that dominated both press accounts and the speeches at the gathering was the new US-Colombian military agreement , announced less than a month before the summit .
Natural selection has provided scientific explanations of traits as diverse as the mammalian eye , the bird 's wing , and the ability of plants to transform light into sugars .
Gal Raz and one of us -LRB- EJ -RRB- recently went through the scientific literature and found 101 cases of epigenetic inheritance between generations of bacteria , fungi , protozoa , plants , and animals , and we are sure that this is just the tip of a very large iceberg .
One of them calculates that the costs would be prohibitive across their hundreds of plants .
The region 's abundant gas resources should also be used to power desalination plants to meet the Maghreb 's enormous water needs .
But , after Zhao and other parents protested that the government 's compensation plan was inadequate to cover the cost of their children 's ongoing medical care , they began to receive threats from local police .
In Europe 's case , two contrasting explanations exist .
The modern version of this explanation holds that the world is changing so quickly that national security and , indeed , national identity , are under threat .
There was widespread fear that dependence on computers would produce a millennial catastrophe , as hospitals , airplanes , power grids , and communications would all grind to a halt when 1999 became 2000 .
Advanced automobile plants are now largely composed of robots .
State-compelled lending has been adopted in the past , and not just in the central planning systems of communist economies .
In today 's circumstances , the financial system would have been better off if some version of US Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson 's original plan to purchase toxic assets and take them off banks ' balance sheets had been realized .
But , even for the US , the notion of a world held together by Citigroup 's business plan is simply too costly .
The strategic vision of a bank shaping the economic fortunes of a country , or the whole world , is as flawed as was the idea of central economic planning .
In contrast to a steam engine or an old-fashioned automobile , whose operations were easily comprehensible , modern automobiles or airplanes are so complicated that their operators have no idea how the technology they are using actually works .
And even if the pilot is completely non-corrupt , the crowd on the ground will always assume that there is some hidden and partisan plan .
But what a difference ! Then there was a powerful communist party , closely aligned with the interests and policies of the Soviet Union . Now the party of protest is unambiguously the party of historical losers : in the East , of Germans who are nostalgic for the planned economy and society of state socialism ; in the West , of critics of the SPD who lost a power struggle with Gerhard Schroeder .
The explanation of why the obvious lessons of the crisis are being not drawn lies in the curious character of financial activity .
The French argued for European economic governance alongside the monetary union , but that looked to others as imposing too much French planisme .
The Europeans advanced their plans for regional monetary and economic integration .
During the immediate postwar occupation , US military planners had to impose new currency regimes and central banking institutions .
Brady 's plan looked like a great success .
Calling for a European Brady plan today does not guarantee the necessary conditions for such a plan to succeed .
Without the preconditions that made the Brady Plan work , simply transplanting a debt write-off would only augment uncertainty and fuel the political revulsion that already threatens to undermine European integration .
In addition , succession planning can become complicated by the emergence of `` substitute children '' from the company 's management .
In the first half of the 1990 's , many observers of the alleged Asian economic miracle emphasized trust and families ' capacity to cooperate with political authorities in order to realize long-term growth plans .
The sterling balances proved to be the starting point of vast and inefficient state planning regimes that did long-term harm to growth prospects in all the countries that took this course .
Recent research for the Copenhagen Consensus identifies six highly cost-effective options that would tackle some of the planet 's most urgent health problems .
The popular explanation for lack of action in Russia and Ukraine is that their governments view IDUs as criminals , rather than people with a disease , and adopt an informal let-them-rot policy .
Halogenated fire retardants are added to the fuel tanks of combat airplanes , causing massive damage to the stratospheric ozone layer .
Similarly , large-scale bombings of Iraqi industry , power plants , and infrastructure in 1991 resulted in substantial chemical spills into the Tigris and Euphrates rivers .
In the first Gulf war it was also found that the Iraqis ' Soviet-built tanks and artillery had PCBs -LRB- poly-chlorinated biphenyls -RRB- in their hydraulic systems for the same reason that combat airplanes use halons .
Thus , Soviet-built tanks and artillery use PCB 's in their hydraulic systems , airplanes in combat mission add ozone destroying halons to their fuel , and marine units use organic-tin compounds in the paint used on their hulls ; Effects of the weapons themselves . Ordinary bullets often consist of lead , tank-buster missiles contain uranium , and explosives are organic nitrogen compounds , sometimes containing mercury .
Among the explanations are the combinations of pesticide fogging military camps , the treatment with a bromide compound , the use of insect repellents , vaccinations and exposure to depleted uranium .
Paradoxically , while wars are environmentally destructive , former military zones , both within and between countries , often become wildlife refuges where endangered plant and animal species thrive .
Farmers were left with a pink grain that they were told not to eat , only to plant .
At the same time , the material brought back from land to sea include nutrients and trace elements that cause a boom among plankton , which in turn feed other marine biota .
Ships and airplanes have been used for transport in this black-market trade .
Pemex tried to put a device called a `` sombrero '' over the Ixtoc leak to collect the oil at the ocean floor , but the plan failed because the structure could not be kept in place .
Another obvious step to consider is to phase out the tax exclusion for employer-sponsored health plans , which would not only increase revenue , but also end the distorting effects of employer subsidization of health care .
The IMF , which should be standing up to this dangerous bargain , instead plans to open the spigots -LRB- with Chinese , American , and other countries ' funds -RRB- even more widely to insolvent nations .
As Chancellor Angela Merkel and her colleagues promote their well-defined plan -- which comes in addition to a plan for bridge financing while in default -- the cost of default falls .
Given the vulnerability of so many eurozone countries , it appears that Merkel does not understand the immediate implications of her plan .
The policy plans announced by China , the euro area , Japan , Saudi Arabia , and the US in the spring of 2007 -- in the context of the IMF 's Multilateral Consultation on global imbalances -- represent the international community 's response to the rising risks .
Knowing what to do in this increasingly complex and volatile situation is the easy part : look at the Multilateral Consultation policy plans and `` just do it . ''
As the US Treasury 's recent semiannual report to America 's Congress noted , for China these plans are to `` rebalance its economy : boosting domestic demand and consumption-led growth ; reforming its financial system ; and achieving greater flexibility in its exchange-rate regime .
The government is running budget deficits of 10 % of GDP , despite having cut public-sector wages , and now plans further cuts to service failed banks ' debt .
So what is the problem with the policies of 2007-2009 , and why ca n't we just plan on doing something similar in the future if we ever face a crisis of this nature again ?
It is all the more irrational in view of the rather modest effects early retirement plans have on unemployment in general , and on youth unemployment in particular .
I felt that the request was a test -- one that I was prepared to take , as I had carried maps with me in the forward air-control planes .
One possible explanation is that Johnson was thoroughly frightened by America 's right wing .
Obama saluted in slow motion , in unison with four uniformed soldiers , then walked in step with them past the van that had just received the remains from the cargo plane that had brought them home .
Thus , Beck falsely charges that Soros has instigated coups abroad while implying that he plans to carry one out in the US .
The TTP 's stated objectives include jihad against the Pakistani army , enforcement of sharia law across the country , and a plan to unite with the Afghan Taliban to fight the NATO forces in that country .
Electrification for the rural poor has improved in South Africa and Ghana through the creation of independent agencies in charge of implementing rural electrification plans .
As part of the work on regional infrastructure , the Bank has developed a short-term action plan .
Projects and programs identified in the short-term action plan are estimated to cost $ 7 billion .
In addition , work has also started in preparing a medium to long-term action plan in close collaboration with the regional economic communities and in cooperation with the World Bank and the European Union .
Turkey 's Coup that Failed ANKARA -- The exposure of the plan hatched by senior military officials -- called `` Operation Sledgehammer '' -- to destabilize Turkey 's government , and the subsequent arrest of high-ranking officers , demonstrates the growing strength of Turkey 's democracy .
According to the Turkish daily newspaper Taraf , to which the plot was leaked , a 5,000-page plan was drafted to create chaos in Turkey by burning mosques , downing Greek military aircraft , and carrying out mass arrests of those who opposed the military .
Some critics dismiss this planning as just `` war games , '' not to be taken seriously .
Eight months later , a military committee investigating the case concluded that the plan was , indeed , drafted to damage and discredit the AKP and government .
Moreover , although the current assistants ' authority is limited , Abe plans to submit legislation aimed at strengthening the prime minister 's office , including an amendment of the cabinet law .
Japan 's government and National Security Council plan to revise the country 's National Defense Program Outline -LRB- NDPO -RRB- by the end of this year .
Moreover , the National Security Council has indicated the need to introduce a new plan for multi-functional flexible defense forces .
In this age of uncertainty , when even the nature of the threats that nations face is uncertain , Japan 's strategic and military planners must continue to seek ways to adapt the SDF to today 's myriad current threats .
In nearby Thailand , China has invested $ 20 billion in a plan to build a canal across the Kra Isthmus to connect the Indian Ocean and the Gulf of Siam , thereby providing an alternate oil import route that avoids the Strait of Malacca .
Moreover , China plans to improve and expand its capabilities for assault landing and joint logistical support , both of which used to be weak points .
Moreover , the court has given no explanation of why it is allowing him to be tried on the same embezzlement charge that of which he was acquitted in 2003 .
Yes , there are bubbles here and there , whether it is real estate in Shanghai and Dubai or stocks in Mumbai , but there has also been serious long-range planning that is likely to give these countries a strong position for years to come .
Our knowledge and understanding of the rest of the world continues to deteriorate ; on many counts , we lack any system of foreign policy planning and forecasting .
The Foreign Ministry , home to the state 's best personnel , has been largely cut off from diplomatic planning .
As a result , even good decisions are incompletely planned . So the risk of error is rising .
This approach accounts for the failure of Dmitri Kozak 's plan for resolving the situation in Moldova 's breakaway Trans-Dniester region , as well as for the ludicrous state of affairs that has arisen in Georgia 's separatist Abkhazia region .
As our failures mount , we snarl and blame others , or construct imaginary plans for countering the great powers .
Russia needs a serious discussion , within the elite and among the public , about national strategy , just as it needs to create an effective planning and coordination mechanism for foreign policy .
Indeed , the unprecedented decline in GRA lending , the IMF 's main source of income , forced the Fund to announce a $ 100 million cost-cutting plan in April 2008 .
Or we can simply provide them with a concise but meaty expert explanation .
Instead , we have a special deficit with regard to our explanatory understandings .
But we seem to have a specific `` illusion of explanatory depth '' -- the belief that we possess a more profound causal understanding than we really do .
When Leon Rozenblit and I uncovered the illusion and its specificity , we ran an extensive series of studies exploring why explanatory understanding is so vulnerable to a false sense of knowing .
One important factor underlying the illusion of explanatory depth arises from the richly hierarchical nature of most complex systems , which means that they can be understood at several levels of analysis .
The illusion of explanatory depth may stop us at just about the right level of understanding , one that enables us to know how to get more information from others when we really need it without being overwhelmed .
It would perhaps be better if we recognized the limits our own explanatory ability , but there may be some adaptive value of those limits as well .
The leadership of the second East Turkestan Republic was presumably murdered on Stalin 's orders , when the plane carrying it to Beijing for talks allegedly crashed in Soviet airspace .
'' -LRB- military and intelligence -RRB- operations outside the country are taking place without the government 's knowledge or orders ... Only after an airplane is hijacked are we made aware of it .
For that plan to work , Ahmadinejad needs to survive through the next parliamentary election in March 2012 and the presidential election in June 2013 , despite Khamenei 's determination to marginalize him .
If there are elements powerful enough to plan such a plot -- even an unsuccessful one -- they could do it again in the future .
Chubais 's plan is similar to the GOELRO one , but instead of national socialization , it calls for obligatory national marketization .
-LRB- Zhukov was suspected of plotting to seize power , and , before forcing a decorated World War II general to resign , my father and his colleagues enlisted the support of other high-ranking generals , who all agreed with Khrushchev 's plan . -RRB-
The plan was to launch it with the R-7 , an intercontinental ballistic missile in development since 1954 .
Soviet scientists believed that the Americans would keep their plans secret until after they had succeeded in launching a satellite , so all our efforts were put into beating the Americans to the launch .
After all , we -- not the Americans -- had opened the world 's first nuclear power plant .
At several crucial moments , he established himself as the only person who could rise to the challenges of transforming Russia from a dictatorship into a democracy , from a planned economy into a free market , and from an empire into a medium-ranked power .
The problem is that we have heard it all before from Putin -- another trained lawyer -- at the start of his presidency , when he promised a `` dictatorship of law , '' military reform , land reform , and , consequently , a return of Russia 's agriculture dream , ruined by the post-1917 planned economy .
Indeed , by choosing Albert Speer Jr. , the son of Hitler 's favorite architect and the designer of the 1936 Berlin Olympics , to design the master plan for the Beijing Games , China 's government has itself alluded to the radical politicization of aesthetics that was a hallmark of twentieth-century totalitarianism .
Speer Jr. 's commission was to lay out a master plan for the access to the Olympic complex in Beijing .
His father 's plan for `` Germania , '' the name Hitler selected for the Berlin that he planned to construct after World War II , also relied on such a mighty central axis .
While designing the master plan for the Beijing Games , Speer Jr. , an acclaimed architect and town planner , also sought , like his father , to create a futuristic global metropolis .
Of course , the language that he used to sell his scheme to the Chinese was very different from the words his father used to present his plans to Hitler .
The Bush administration 's incoherent foreign policy included a plan to build a missile defense shield in Poland and the Czech Republic , which allowed Putin to revive the Old Europe\/New Europe divisions that began with the Iraq war , with this split appearing to enhance Russian influence on the continent .
Its investment plans are overextended outside of Russia -- part of the imperial policy -- while domestic exploration for new sources is declining , as foreign companies have been forced to surrender stakes in projects such as the huge gas development on Sakhalin Island .
A tragedy that defies any logical explanation confirms only one thing : the cruelty of chance .
What if the plane was not a 20-year-old , Russian-made Tupolev-154 , but a newer and safer model ?
What if the Polish pilot had obeyed the Russian air traffic controller who tried to divert the plane to Moscow or Minsk ?
When the pilot of the presidential plane -LRB- ironically , again , Soviet made -RRB- was advised not to land in the thick fog , either he , or perhaps even the president himself , may have mistrusted the Russians ' willingness to give honest advice .
The problem , though , is that Medvedev , like Luzhkov , was also mostly invisible during the summer 's disastrous heat wave , whereas Putin was everywhere , even piloting fire-fighting airplanes over burning forests .
Officially , I was there to inaugurate a reconstruction plan for buildings that had fallen into disrepair in the old buffer zone .
Last month , the UN launched a joint action plan with governments , businesses , foundations , and civil-society organizations to advance this vital cause .
In Washington recently , the United Nations rolled out an action plan that should dramatically accelerate progress on maternal and child health , including HIV .
NEW YORK -- Late next month , a child will be born -- the 7th billion citizen of planet Earth . We will never know the circumstances into which he or she was born .
Fostering economic growth , realizing the Millennium Development Goals , and combating climate change will all depend on creating a new energy system for the twenty-first century and extending it to every person on the planet .
By using high-yield seeds , better soil management , and proper row planting , the community has more than tripled its crop production , and villagers who previously were hungry grain buyers are now food-secure grain sellers .
Put aside the familiar arguments -- that the science is clear , that climate change represents an indisputable existential threat to the planet , and that every day we do not act the problem grows worse .
Thus , this week the UN Environment Program will launch a plan for reviving the global economy while dealing simultaneously with the defining challenge of our era -- climate change .
The plan urges world business and political leaders , including a new US president , to help redirect resources away from the speculative financial engineering at the root of today 's market crisis and into more productive , growth-generating , and job-creating investments for the future .
Mexico already employs 1.5 million people to plant and manage the country 's forests .
We took an important step in early December in Poznan , Poland , where climate ministers and experts met to hammer out a work plan toward the future .
I say we can not afford not to . The future of the planet is at stake .
Major economies have responded to the current crisis with ambitious fiscal and monetary rescue plans .
The United States under President Barack Obama plans to do the same .
Aid programs for developing nations should be considered a part of any global stimulus and long-term economic recovery plan .
My own five-point plan to achieve this goal begins with a call for the NPT Parties to pursue negotiations in good faith -- as required by the treaty -- on nuclear disarmament , either through a new convention or through a series of mutually reinforcing instruments backed by a credible system of verification . Disarmament must be reliably verified .
Spending $ 3.9 billion on family planning and maternal health initiatives , such as provision of emergency contraception in sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia , could avert 1.4 million infant deaths and 142,000 pregnancy-related deaths in women .
Nearly 20 % of women in developing countries report that they would like to stop having more children but are not using any form of contraception or family planning , possibly because reproductive services are not available .
Then UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan and his team drafted a plan , which Turkey 's government took very significant political risks in supporting . The government convinced the Turkish Cypriots to make a leap of faith and vote in favor of the Annan plan in order to reunite the island .
Regrettably , the Greek Cypriot leadership at that time actively campaigned against the UN plan . Consequently , whereas 65 % of Turkish Cypriots voted in favor of the plan when it was put to a vote on the island , 76 % of Greek Cypriots rejected it .
Worse yet , Greek Cyprus joined the EU literally days after it spurned the will of the international community , while the EU reneged on its promises to end the Turkish community 's isolation if it supported Annan 's plan .
Today , many people might think that all of this is water under the bridge . But the fate of the Annan plan remains very much a part of Turkish thinking on the Cyprus issue .
Either the island will reunite under a UN plan accepted by both sides or the status quo will need to change by some other means .
None of the new EU member-states have concrete plans or financing mechanisms to develop networks of community-based alternatives on a national scale .
Elsewhere , BHP Billiton announced the discovery of an estimated 60 million tons of manganese in southeastern Gabon , while France 's AREVA is drawing up plans to build a large mine in the Central African Republic to exploit uranium deposits .
Ali Ben Bongo 's accession in Gabon showed that even sizeable challenges posed by a largely unplanned transition can be overcome , but in Cameroon the succession is likely to be less smooth .
Hatoyama 's administration , however , is attempting to reverse the current plan , which the LDP administration and the US had agreed upon after long and intense discussions .
The problem is that Hatoyama , in backing away from the agreed plan , has no viable alternative to offer .
Many countries are now planning to develop their own or alternative sources of rare-earth elements , and to accelerate efforts to develop technologies that are free of them .
The most unforeseen event occurred at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant .
The facility 's robust design is similar to that of the Kashiwazaki-Kariwa nuclear power plant , the world 's largest , in Niigata , which was unscathed by the Ch?etsu offshore earthquake -LRB- measuring 6.8 on the Richter scale -RRB- in July 2007 .
Fukushima Daiichi withstood the earthquake , but no one considered the possibility of ten-meter-high tsunami waves hitting a nuclear plant .
As a result , the Fukushima Daiichi plant 's problems have brought the worldwide rush toward nuclear-power generation to a screeching halt .
There are currently 443 nuclear power plants worldwide -- a number that was set to double in the next 15 years .
It is Japan 's responsibility , particularly of political leaders like me , to ensure that our experiences are reflected in the creation of safe building codes and standards for such plants worldwide .
Furthermore , Japan must find a way to compensate for the ten-million-kilowatt shortfall that the loss of the Fukushima plant implies .
Ever since the Fukushima accident , opposition to nuclear power has been growing in China and South Korea , both of which had been planning a massive expansion of their nuclear generating capacity -- and both of which face a change of political leadership next year .
Taiwan has three nuclear power plants , and , like the plant at Fukushima , they directly face the ocean .
Construction of a fourth nuclear power plant , which began in 1999 , was suspended by DPP President Chen Shui-bian the following year .
Although Chen 's government , under pressure from the opposition Kuomintang , later restarted work on the plant , design revisions have repeatedly delayed its completion .
The company is planning to build a new factory in 2011 , with production capacity of 300,000 cars per year for a market expected to reach two million in sales this year .
But , just as Kan is planning only to `` discuss '' raising taxes , the supposedly clean DPJ is planning only to discuss the problem of money in politics by establishing a new non-partisan commission to investigate the problem .
But Kim Kyong-hui may have other plans , such as becoming Kim Jong-il 's successor herself .
Development of nuclear technology has stagnated , with nuclear power plants still using technology developed a half-century ago .
Today 's power plants use as a fuel a special kind of Uranium , U-235 , which is burned in a chain process whereby the neutrons from one nuclear decay induce the next decay .
Despite many hundreds of well-functioning nuclear power plants , our understanding of nuclear forces is only empirical , and empirical knowledge is always imperfect .
But if we want to be partners in the development of modern defensive systems , we must negotiate in good faith , not bargain hard just to walk away in a pre-planned way at the end .
Serbia has lost Kosovo , but it still has not found itself , while Croats are split over joining the EU , with a majority planning to vote against it .
Barescu plans to align Romania with Anglo Saxon liberal economic policies , and wants a special relationship with Great Britain and the United States to improve security in the Black Sea region .
More recently , Chirac 's foreign minister , Michel Barnier , chastised the Romanian President Traian Barescu for lacking a `` European reflex , '' because Barescu plans to align Romania with Anglo-Saxon liberal economic policies , and wants a special relationship with the US and UK to improve security in the Black Sea region .
The ECB 's paltry rate hike in December , together with the supine promise of no plans for further monetary tightening , demonstrates that Trichet is no Duisenberg .
ECB President Jean-Claude Trichet indicated at his July press conference that the bank plans to raise interest rates by 25 basis points on August 3 , not August 31 , as expected . This implies an interval of two months between interest-rate moves instead of the three-month interval that has become standard ECB practice in the current interest-rate cycle .
On issues like the Iraq war and American plans to install missile defenses in Poland and the Czech Republic , Europeans appear to find it difficult to speak with a single voice .
The conventional explanation -- a reduced appetite for risk -- is not convincing .
But the ECB has made it clear not only that interest rate cuts are not on the table -- it is merely postponing , not abandoning , the interest rate increase originally planned for September .
The longer the ECB maintains its inflationary bias , the steeper the consequent economic decline as the economy crumbles under the weight of the skyrocketing euro and interest rates that are too high for current economic realities -LRB- though lower than where the ECB hawks had planned to go before the current financial crisis hit -RRB- .
Indeed , one explanation I have often heard for the political turmoil in France in May 1968 is that the French people were bored with the successes of General de Gaulle 's presidency and so took to the streets around the Sorbonne for fun .
Closer to home , the recent spat between Croatia and Slovenia over their maritime border almost scuppered Croatia 's accession plans .
Development 's New Donors MOSCOW -- In 2006 , when Russia 's government hosted a G-8 meeting on cooperation with emerging development donors , it planted a seed that had great growth potential .
Instead , they need to be part of a convincing overall plan that combines responsible state intervention with relief of the financial burdens of individual citizens , as well as savings in public budgets .
I shall not pass judgment on his plans for the world economy as reported so far .
This time , Palestinian negotiators insist that they do not plan to engage in substantive negotiations .
Backed by a reasonable Arab peace plan , they will insist that there is already a worldwide consensus on restoring the 1967 borders -LRB- with mutual adjustments of equal size and quality -RRB- , the need for a fair agreement on dealing with refugees , and a formula to share Jerusalem .
The Palestinian Arab state envisioned by the United Nations ' 1947 partition plan , which was to include Gaza , was never established .
Since then , we have had UN resolutions 194 , 242 , and 338 , the Rogers Plan , the Mitchell Plan , the Tenet Plan , Camp David , Taba , the Saudi plan , the `` road map , '' the Geneva Initiative , the People 's Choice , and the Arab Peace Initiative .
During Obama 's first meeting with a Middle East leader , a simple and courageous Arab plan was outlined .
Empowered by Arab leaders , Jordan 's King Abdullah II officially presented the peace plan devised by the Arab League and the Organization of Islamic States .
The plan also calls for a `` fair '' and `` agreed upon '' resolution of the Palestinian refugee problem .
Last summer , when he was shown a poster with 57 flags representing the Arab and Islamic countries that will normalize relations with Israel , then candidate Obama told Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas that the Israelis would be `` crazy '' to reject that plan .
The US has also opposed Israel 's unilateral annexation of East Jerusalem , and -- along with every country on the planet -- refused to recognize the application of Israeli law to residents of East Jerusalem .
But this plan has been put to the test lately by right-wing Israelis ' forcible takeover of Palestinian properties in the heart of East Jerusalem 's Sheikh Jarah neighborhood .
Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad has been active in executing a strategic plan that is expected to lead to a de facto Palestinian state within a year and a half .
The American negotiators who are planning to play an active role in the indirect talks , and will for the first time sit at the negotiating table if face-to-face talks do take place , have apparently promised the Palestinians that the US will point its finger at the party that dares to derail the negotiations .
A US peace plan that is fair and reasonable would certainly have many ordinary Israelis and Palestinians cheering .
Hiding behind that anti-Islamic façade , the Israelis have found it easy to stonewall all reasonable peace efforts , including the 2002 Arab peace plan , according to which Arab states and Muslim-majority countries agreed to normalize relations with Israel if it withdrew from areas occupied in 1967 .
The plan also gave Israel a role equal to that of the Palestinians in resolving the refugee issue .
One group of respected Israelis and Palestinians , the Geneva Group , even drew up a peace plan that tackles every possible negotiating point honestly and fairly .
Prime Minister Salam Fayyad 's latest chapter in his two-year plan -- the `` home stretch to freedom '' -- will be complete in August 2011 .
What is clear is that Hamas and the Palestinians want an end to the 38-year Israeli occupation , and that selling Palestinians the same plans that were sold to the PLO will not work .
That does not mean that the planet should ignore climate change .
So , as world leaders convene at the G-20 and other forums in the coming weeks to discuss the economic crisis , stimulus plans , financial regulation , and development , the fight against corruption should remain a full part of the multilateral agenda .
Advanced countries need credible medium-term plans to stabilize and reduce public debt .
The third sub-period , 1950-1980 , marked the heyday of economic planning .
Any plans to `` defend '' Yanukovich and the eastern part of Ukraine by military force must be confronted .
By the time a revised task force added dislike of public speaking in 1987 , the disorder seemed sufficiently elastic to include virtually everyone on the planet .
Rather than enhancing European security , the Bush administration 's plan to deploy elements of a missile defense system in Poland and the Czech Republic threatens to increase strains with Russia and deepen divisions with America 's European allies , particularly those in Eastern Europe , where support for US polices has been strongest .
The growing opposition to the US missile defense deployment is rooted in the way in which America has managed -- or rather mismanaged -- the presentation of its deployment plans .
But America failed to develop a coherent public rationale for its planned deployment of a system designed to destroy a missile fired by a rogue regime .
Unlike the Iraq operation , the planned missile defense deployment will almost certainly require approval by the Polish parliament . This approval can not be taken for granted .
But Turkey 's historical experience and political evolution differ in important ways from Arab countries ' . As a result , its model can not easily be transplanted .
Blaming the Spanish conquerors or the economic empires of the twentieth century can not hide the fact that huge amounts of money financed corrupt governments , inefficient bureaucracies , big and useless `` development '' projects such as industrial plants or mineral mills , or a wide variety of subsidies to buy off powerful interest groups .
Morales was born into a peasant household on the Andean altiplano and later established himself in Chapare at the beginning of the coca boom .
His plan to exploit and industrialize the country 's gas fields remains just a promise .
The failure of state plans and projects is overlooked because of the small but expanding internal market , which is invigorated by de facto economic liberalism involving the growth of smuggling and drug traffic .
Efforts to eradicate coca plantations have achieved the bare minimum , and increasingly frequent seizures of cocaine and coca paste originating in Peru indicate that trafficking activities are relocating to Bolivia , thus bringing more illicit money and more organized -- and violent -- criminal groups .
In January 2009 , church officials in the town of Luleå canceled a planned torch-light procession for Holocaust Memorial Day , with a spokesman saying that they were `` preoccupied '' and `` grief-stricken '' by Israel 's Operation Cast Lead in Gaza .
Essentially all phenomena in chemistry find explanations in the quantum atom , while chemistry and physics undergird molecular biology , which , since the discovery of DNA in the 1950s , dominates modern biology .
Classroom experiments make use of simple laboratory devices : inclined planes , pulleys , springs , simple pendulums , but the rules that are revealed have validity out in the real world .
Indeed , we can study , on a convenient classroom scale , the same forces that move atoms and planets .
The evolution of European attitudes toward genetically modified foods and plants reflects just such a dual concern with health and identity .
Americans , including farmers , are more accustomed to paying for innovative technologies and products -- a disposition reflected in a recent US Supreme Court decision that extended the scope of patents on plants .
The proposed defense treaty was also to be buttressed by plans for a European political community whose main features were to be defined by a constitutional commission made up of members of national parliaments .
It was to have both diplomatic and military powers , as well as a legislative assembly much like today 's European Parliament -- just as the 2005 EU constitutional plan would have extended the European Parliament 's powers and created a European minister of foreign affairs .
In 2004 , Smicor promised to establish the higher-value diamond-cutting business that the government craves , and has since recruited and trained 400 workers in a new plant in the capital , Windhoek .
The government has announced plans to privatize state-owned companies , improve conditions for small firms , and continue increasing individual freedom of choice in the case of human services .
There was never any public explanation for this message , either , just rumors - that `` Roma '' was Roman Abramovich -LRB- this was long before the tycoon bought the Chelsea football team , becoming a world celebrity -RRB- , and that he had close ties with then President Boris Yeltsin 's inner circle , known as `` the Family . ''
And , unlike in the late 1980 's and 1990 's , Russia is not indebted to foreign banks or international organizations , though it plans to resume foreign borrowing next year .
But she had only 58 words to say about her career as a Red Guard leader -- no details or explanation of how she joined , which activities she participated in , and whether she was involved in `` physical struggles '' or persecuted others .
Pollution from Hong Kong 's own power generation plants , growing number of vehicles , and burgeoning shipping industry can certainly be reduced .
In fact , development plans in China may be heading in the opposite direction .
Furthermore , new coal-fired power plants may no longer be allowed on either side of the border , necessitating greater use of natural gas and renewable energy sources .
This can be done by refitting households with high-efficiency light bulbs and other technological improvements , and by retrofitting industrial plants with energy-saving technologies .
As a result , more than 10,000 species are threatened with extinction -- two-thirds of all endangered species on the planet .
A famous project saw Merck Pharmaceutical provide $ 1 million to Costa Rica in exchange for 1,000 plants collected from its forest .
For many nations , that will require developing institutions capable of conducting adequate planning , monitoring , and evaluation .
Furnace Cities COPENHAGEN &#45; &#45; It 's possible to see , right now , what global warming will eventually do to the planet .
If we plant trees and build water features , we wo n't just beautify our surroundings , but we 'll also cool things down -- by upwards of 8 ° C , according to climate models .
Re-roofing most of the city 's five million homes in lighter colors , painting a quarter of the roads and planting 11 million trees would have a one-time cost of about $ 1 billion .
A plan to reduce poverty in Latin America and the Caribbean should go far beyond conditional cash transfers and early childhood interventions in nutrition and education .
Likewise , Gore agonizes over the accelerated melting of ice in Greenland and what it means for the planet , but overlooks the IPCC 's conclusion that , if sustained , the current rate of melting would add just three inches to the sea level rise by the end of the century .
Our blinkered focus on it -- to the detriment of other planetary challenges -- will only be heightened by the attention generated by Gore 's Nobel Peace Prize .
While we worry about the far-off effects of climate change , we do nothing to deal with issues facing the planet today .
Doing the best things first would be a great investment in the planet 's future .
More recently we worried that the planet might freeze , and then that technology would grind to a halt because of a computer bug that was supposed to be unleashed at the turn of the millennium .
Unfortunately , however , we tend to focus on just some of the planet 's biggest issues , and we get a distorted view of the world as a result .
The biggest concern about our planet right now is , of course , climate change .
They do n't do enough to discourage people from living in foolhardy locations , and response plans are often poor .
Like the rest of us , governments tend to focus their attention on a small number of planetary problems .
There is no harm in worrying about the planet . But we should be sure to look at the full picture , so that we know what to worry about first .
It could easily provide clean drinking water , sanitation , education , and health care to every human being on the planet , while increasing CO2-reducing R&D ten-fold .
It remains far from clear , however , whether the shift in rhetoric and policy will move the planet any closer to embracing the best response .
If elected , Obama plans to count on former vice president and passionate campaigner Al Gore to help `` lead the fight '' against warming .
Obama 's plan would reduce emissions by 80 % below 1990 levels by 2050 , while McCain aims to ensure that emissions are 60 % lower by then .
The US could provide leadership by committing to spending 0.05 % of its GDP exploring non-carbon-emitting energy technologies -- wind , wave , or solar power -- or capturing CO2 emissions from power plants .
Little wonder that fellow environmentalist Bill McKibben states that `` we are engaging in a reckless drive-by drowning of much of the rest of the planet and much of the rest of creation . ''
Hansen described them as part of a `` brighter future for the planet . '' But using bio-fuels to combat climate change must rate as one of the poorest global `` solutions '' to any great challenge in recent times .
Recently , the Copenhagen Consensus project gathered some of the world 's leading economists to decide how to do the most good for the planet in a world of finite resources .
The panel -- including five Nobel laureates -- found that one of the single best actions the planet could take would be completing the Doha negotiations .
Global fear about free trade leaves the planet at risk of missing out on the extraordinary benefits that it offers .
The most obvious point about global warming is that the planet is heating up .
But most serious scientists also allow that global warming is only part of the explanation .
But , more importantly for most of the planet 's citizens , global warming simply exacerbates existing problems -- problems that we do not take seriously today .
Hansen condemns coal-fired power plants as `` death factories , '' and his belief that coal is evil is widely shared . It is also obviously wrong .
Coal accounts for almost half of the planet 's electricity supply , including half the power consumed in the United States .
It is little wonder , then , that US Energy Secretary Steven Chu , who two years ago described the expansion of coal-fired power plants as his `` worst nightmare , '' now calls coal a `` great natural resource . ''
Although science has demonstrated that CO2 from fossil fuels is heating the planet , politicians are unwilling to follow his advice and stop building coal-fired power plants .
He argues that we need `` more people chaining themselves to coal plants , '' a point repeated by Gore .
After the narrow passage of the Waxman-Markey climate-change bill in the United States House of Representatives , Krugman said that there was no justification for a vote against it . He called virtually all of the members who voted against it , `` climate deniers '' who were committing `` treason against the planet . ''
Gore and Hansen want a moratorium on coal-fired power plants , but neglect the fact that the hundreds of new power plants that will be opened in China and India in the coming years could lift a billion people out of poverty .
Is it really treason against the planet to express some skepticism about whether this is the right way forward ?
Should they continue with plans to make carbon-cutting promises that are unlikely to be fulfilled ?
What could be achieved by planting more trees , cutting methane , or reducing black soot emissions ?
All else being equal , higher concentrations will warm the planet .
For every dollar that the world spends on this grand plan , the avoided climate damage would only be worth two cents .
This would have a significant cooling impact on the planet , and would save 200,000 lives from pollution .
This seems wrong -- even immoral -- if we could do more for people and the planet through adaptation .
To arrive at an informed answer , we need to work out how the planet will look in 2100 if we invest different amounts in adaptation and carbon cuts .
How much of the planet can we help by dealing with rising sea levels ?
Farmers will choose plants that thrive in heat .
For every dollar spent on adaptation , we would achieve about $ 1.70 worth of positive changes for the planet .
If we continue implementing policies to reduce emissions in the short term without any focus on developing the technology to achieve this , there is only one possible outcome : virtually no climate impact , but a significant dent in global economic growth , with more people in poverty , and the planet in a worse place than it could be .
We will then make virtually no impact on climate change in the future , while in the shorter term there will be significant damage to economic growth , leaving more people in poverty and the planet in a much darker place than it could be .
The plan was to convene world leaders in Copenhagen and renew vows to cut carbon while committing to even more ambitious targets .
But it is obvious that even a last-minute scramble to salvage some form of agreement will fare no better in actually helping the planet .
Their research looked at how much we could help the planet by setting different levels of carbon taxes , planting more trees , cutting methane , reducing black soot emissions , adapting to global warming , or focusing on a technological solution to climate change .
Unlike the Bush administration , caught downplaying the science , the IPCC squarely tells us that mankind is largely responsible for the planet 's recent warming .
With the world in a fury about cutting greenhouse gasses , it is easy to forget that there are other and better ways to do some good for the planet .
Indeed , the World Health Organization -LRB- WHO -RRB- has estimated that about 10 % of organ transplants around the world stem from purely commercial transactions .
In my research on organ trafficking , I have entered some of these shadow markets , where body parts from the poor , war victims , and prisoners are commodities , bought or stolen for transplant into affluent ill people .
On the demand side are people who are in danger of dying unless they receive an organ transplant .
Indeed , the Philippines is well known as a center of the illegal organ trade and a `` hot spot '' for transplant tourism .
From the 1990 's until 2008 -LRB- when a new policy was adopted -RRB- , the number of transplantations involving organ sales by Filipinos to foreign recipients increased steadily .
Many organ sellers from Israel , for example , were , together with their buyers , brought to Manila for the transplants .
The vendors ' organs were transplanted to recipients mainly from the Philippines , Israel , Japan , South Korea , and Saudi Arabia .
It is within this conceptual climate -- the dream of the regenerative body -- that transplantation technology develops and demand for biological replacement parts grows .
A man I interviewed recently for a study of Swedes who had been on the waiting list , but who decided to purchase kidneys abroad , described to me his trip to Pakistan for the transplant : `` I 'm not the kind of man who uses other people , but I had to .
In an era of transplants on demand , there is no way around this dilemma .
The biological imperatives that guide the priority system of transplant waiting lists are easily transformed into economic values .
But the possibility of attack was of course anticipated , and military planners determined that the only possible response was to counterattack as heavily and for as long as might be needed , until Palestinian attacks would stop , whether from exhaustion or agreement .
So Israel is blocking Lebanon 's ports from the sea , has breached the runways of all three jet-capable airfields , including Beirut 's international airport , and remains ready to destroy generating plants and other high-value targets , if necessary , to generate sufficient political pressure on Hezbollah .
The Egyptians had an excellent war plan and fought well , and Syrian tanks advanced boldly , attacking in wave after wave for three days and nights .
What is true is that the Israelis lacked a coherent war plan , so that even their most purposeful bombing came off as brutally destructive -LRB- though with a deterrence payoff , as Syria 's immobility showed -RRB- .
A fully developed contingency plan -- a sophisticated blend of amphibious , airborne , and ground penetrations to reach swiftly and deeply behind the front , before rolling back and destroying Hezbollah positions one by one from the rear , all the way to the Israeli border -- was never implemented .
The contingency plan remained on the shelf because of the lack of casualties among Israeli civilians .
China 's Slave Power When a government-run brick plant in Hongdong County of Shanxi Province was revealed to be using slave labor , a famous episode from a Beijing opera flashed through my mind .
As a result of the slave-labor brick plants , as well as reports of an eight-year-old child worker being buried alive and migrant workers killed , Hongdong 's name has become infamous .
Yet despite the scandal , migrant workers and children in school uniforms are still being abducted from other provinces and pushed into monstrous brick plants and coalmines .
For slavery is not confined to Hongdong 's brick plants .
And the grimmest statistic of all is that many child slaves who are rescued are resold by officials to another slave-labor plant .
Seven years ago , a lawmaker from Hunan province went to Shanxi province to rescue slave workers from brick plants .
There are more than 1,000 brick plants and coalmines around China , and most are under the protection of corrupt officials .
It is one of the richest continents on the planet , endowed with oil , precious stones , forests , water , wildlife , soil , land , agricultural products , and millions of women and men .
Indeed , the decisions to be made by Asia on energy production and use will determine the fate of our planet 's environment .
But a recent symposium at Oxford University concluded that emerging-market cities could improve and maintain urban health by capturing the inherent advantages of concentration , coordinating health policies and programs , adopting successful innovations , reforming health education and training , and developing improved planning processes .
Some of them have grown back of course , or have been replanted , but it is thought that we now have only half of the amount of forest land we once had on this planet .
Trees were also cut to clear cropland , provide heat , and the fledgling nation was using up its forests to build its own ironworks and railroads as well .
The simplest explanation for this may be found in Flaubert 's words about Don Quixote : `` I found my origins in this book , which I knew by heart before I learned how to read . ''
In the Bronx or in Soho , in Washington Square or Times Square , in front of the New York Public Library or near a hot dog stand , across all the planets ' races , the banal vies with the exceptional for one 's attention .
But , for today 's smaller families , whether the children are two boys or two girls influences everything from financial planning to preparations for old age .
This is especially true for those who have lived in Iran , a totally Muslim environment that allows women the freedom to study and work as well as access to adequate healthcare and family planning .
Unmanaged climate change would so transform the planet that by the end of this century hundreds of millions of people would need to move , probably leading to severe and extended conflict .
In this respect , the recent Basel III preliminary agreement and the establishment of new European financial supervisory structures might be more important for correcting and preventing external imbalances than recent plans by the EU to extend economic surveillance of member countries -- and even to impose sanctions to enforce non-fiscal macroeconomic targets .
The aim of these entrenched mandarins is to block Abe 's plans for extensive civil-service reforms intended to inhibit them from parachuting into lucrative post-retirement jobs in the public corporations and private firms that they once regulated .
The maverick Koizumi had the personal attractiveness and ideological appeal needed to galvanize a majority behind his plans for a `` fair '' distribution of the pain of reform .
As a result , the DPJ has announced plans to revoke the LDP 's guidelines for a ceiling on budget requests so as to formulate its own budget from scratch . It will also revise the supplementary budget as well .
To gain control of the mandarins , the DPJ plans to place 100 lawmakers in the ministries ' top leadership , as well as three dozen political appointees to policy staffs in the office of the prime minister .
Last but not least , Hatoyama is postponing implementation of a bilateral agreement with the US to relocate a Marine Corps base on the island of Okinawa , from Futenma to Henoko , thereby causing confusion for America 's plan to relocate part of its forces on Okinawa to Guam .
Moreover , Kan 's approach to the base relocation issue revived the old LDP plan , which the DPJ had previously denounced .
Only by equivocating about the relocation plan could Kan appease both the governor and US President Barack Obama , who is scheduled to meet Kan in Tokyo the same month .
There is thus a real need in the Franc Zone for a financing institution that would convert migrant remittances into productive investments , thereby generating jobs and wealth , and that would broaden access to banking services , mortgages , insurance products , pension plans , and technical assistance .
Nigeria plans to demutualize its stock exchange in order to establish it among the prime destinations for frontier investors .
Senegal under Wade has succeeded in irrigating only 15 % of a planned 250,000 hectares , and now imports some 80 % of the rice that it consumes .
Unfortunately , because the companies and African politicians have every reason to avoid transparency , the EITI plans were rendered meaningless when they were not made compulsory .
None of the youths I talked to could give any clear explanation for their actions , except to say that an Islamic schoolteacher known as Ustadz So had recruited them into a shadowy militant movement .
The G-7 action plan aims to restore the flow of credit by securing interbank lending , and coordinated central bank actions have provided unprecedented levels of liquidity to the market .
In 1959 , officials at the United States National Aeronautics and Space Administration -LRB- NASA -RRB- adopted most of these steps as part of their long-range plan .
True to the plan , humans built scientific satellites , communication satellites , reconnaissance or `` spy '' satellites , space stations , and reusable space shuttles .
They sent robotic spacecraft to the moon , Venus , Mars , and other planets , and humans to the moon .
The human space effort , nonetheless , departed from the plan in unexpected ways .
Early planners viewed the space station as an assembly point for expeditions to the moon and planets .
Larger capabilities were part of the original space station plan , approved in 1984 , but subsequently disappeared as the cost of the facility grew .
Early plans for military reconnaissance stations assumed that soldiers would be stationed on board .
Kubrick suggested that people -- accompanied by a computer -- would pilot spacecraft to explore planets like Jupiter and Saturn .
Advances in robotics will continue to occur , with automated spacecraft that can dig and swim , and telescopes that can look for earth-like planets around nearby stars .
Initially , Khrushchev did n't plan to keep his denunciation of Stalin a secret .
Few events in history have generated so many concepts and theories for their explanation and assessment -- or so many falsifications , both crude and sophisticated .
The companies plan to add hundreds of thousands of jobs worldwide this year alone .
It may indeed be part of the explanation .
A more important explanation for Germany 's current economic success may be the substantial government support that German industries receive on a structural basis , especially the car industry .
If EU environmental directives , for instance , call for the closure of a heavily polluting plant in Britain , the Constitution would give labor unions the right to judicial appeals against the resulting redundancies .
The law 's most onerous provisions are those regulating the terms of employment contracts , for they condemn employers who decide to close a plant to a marathon of legal proceedings of uncertain duration and unpredictable outcome .
The logical complement of such freedom would be to make employers pay for the social costs of plant closings , by levying a tax on layoffs , which would increase with seniority .
The Organ Crisis LONDON -- Organ transplantation is one of the most impressive achievements of modern medicine .
Struggling to contain costs , health-care payers are also among its beneficiaries . Kidney transplantation , for example , has proved to be less costly than dialysis .
Yet , since its inception , transplant medicine has been grappling with a rapidly increasing gap between the supply of organs and demand for them .
On the one hand , it has given rise to some exceptionally corrupt practices , such as organ trafficking , transplant tourism , and many other ugly phenomena associated with a black market in organs .
On the other hand , it has put transplant ethics under severe strain .
Indeed , transplant ethics has been on a slippery slope almost since transplants began .
For example , the new Israeli transplant law provides incentives for people to sign a donor card by giving them and their relatives priority on transplant waiting lists .
Moreover , the Israeli National Transplant and Organ Donation Center now openly encourages providers , insurance companies , and the Donor Card Institution , to pay families who consent to donate the organs of their deceased relative .
Organ transplantation , like mosquito repellent , should be used sparingly , and only when there is no other choice .
No wider plan for encouraging Arab countries to embrace democracy was mooted , still less one that would make EU economic cooperation conditional on political reform .
But it is certainly not too late to set out a determined new plan for Euro-Arab cooperation .
It has only sketchy economic policies toward Russia ; ambitions , but no game plan , to become a player in the Middle East ; and , despite its original leadership on the Kyoto Protocol , no successor program on climate change .
Then there are rising tensions over plans by the United States to based a missile defense system in Poland and the Czech Republic , as well as the growing likelihood that further NATO enlargement will include Georgia , the increasingly prosperous neighbor with which Russia has fractious relations .
Some sort of plan is needed .
With anxiety mounting across Europe that industrial lay-offs will mean major plant closures and cascading job losses in thousands of smaller companies , national governments find themselves on a collision course with the EU , though they know that their best chance of salvation lies in concerted European action .
The Davignon Plan imposed Europe-wide production and price controls , monitored and coordinated national governments ' state aids , organized the closures of outdated plants , encouraged mergers , and awarded EU funding to retraining schemes for redundant steel workers .
The plan 's author , Vicomte Etienne Davignon , recently commented in the Belgian press that he ca n't understand why the Commission is not doing something similar today .
Industry commissioner Gunther Verheugen recently reacted to calls by both General Motors and Renault for a more `` proactive '' EU role in coordinating bailouts by saying : `` There will be no sector-specific plans whatsoever . ''
The Commission rightly says that in this age of globalization there is no longer such a thing as a national carmaker , but there are still national plants and national payrolls that politicians facing elections will be desperate to defend .
It recently refused to purchase the full number of Airbus troop transport planes that it had promised to buy .
Despite the announcement of plans to create a European army along with France , Belgium , and Luxembourg , Germany is less relevant in both European and world politics than it was before the Iraq war .
But , despite flourishing rhetoric about promoting democracy , promoting it is still not backed with concrete plans of action .
Unfortunately , however , government leaders have apparently learned nothing from the lessons of the failed Lisbon Agenda . Indeed , the current plans seem doomed to fail for two reasons .
In many ways , the Iraq insurgency is analogous to urban street gangs : each component shares behavioral and organizational similarities but pursues its own aggrandizement and undertakes autonomous operations within its `` turf '' rather than pursuing a master plan or strategy .
The changes underway in American defense policy reflect planning assumptions .
Despite the US Congress 's appropriate calls to establish benchmarks for American progress in Afghanistan , too few people are calling for the Afghan government to articulate its goals for improving governance and accountability , and how it plans to meet them .
The United States plans to construct a veritable `` Mexican Wall '' to keep poor people from crossing into Texas or California .
Examples include a five-year-long moratorium on approvals of GM plants throughout Europe , and the rejection of badly needed food aid by several African countries -- only because it contains the same GM varieties of grain consumed routinely in North America .
But the unscientific standards and regulations that she defends in the name of the global public actually harm the environment and public health , stifling the development of environmentally friendly innovations that can increase agricultural productivity , help clean up toxic wastes , conserve water , and supplant agricultural chemicals .
UN experts themselves warn that the greatest single threat to the planet 's environment comes from the world 's burgeoning population and its demand that ever more land be devoted to food production .
Scientists worldwide agree that GM is merely a refinement , or improvement , over less precise and predictable genetic techniques that have been used for centuries , but this exquisite new means to develop plants with higher yields and innovative traits will be blocked by the disincentive of unnecessary regulations .
In effect , the rice plants ' inputs are carbon dioxide , water , soil , and the sun 's energy , and its output is a rice kernel containing large amounts of the proteins .
Although the use of big-ticket equipment , expensive chemotherapy drugs , and sophisticated and complex procedures such as bone marrow transplantation would not be wise , this is not to say that we should give up entirely on cancer treatment in developing countries .
Genetic engineering can be dated from man 's recognition that animals and crop plants can be selected and bred to enhance desired characteristics .
Put another way , `` nature '' did n't give us seedless grapes , the tangelo -LRB- a tangerine-grapefruit hybrid -RRB- , and fungus-resistant strawberries : farmers and plant breeders did .
All crop plants have relatives somewhere , and some gene flow commonly occurs if the two populations are grown close together .
Gene flow from wild relatives to crop plants may even be encouraged by subsistence farmers to maintain the broad genetic base of the varieties that they plant using seed harvested from an earlier crop .
The worst-case scenario would be gene transfer from plants engineered for enhanced resistance to certain herbicides .
A good example is Canola -- the genetically improved rapeseed developed by Canadian plant breeders a half-century ago .
After conventional plant breeding led to the development of rapeseed varieties with low concentrations of erucic acid , canola oil became the most commonly consumed oil in Canada .
So the high - and low-erucic acid varieties of rapeseed plants must be carefully segregated in the field and thereafter .
Gene-spliced plants have for several years been grown worldwide on more than 100 million acres annually .
Although rice plants do not normally synthesize beta-carotene in the endosperm -LRB- seeds -RRB- , they do make it in the green portions of the plant .
-LRB- Therefore -RRB- no conceptual distinction exists between genetic modification of plants and microorganisms by classical methods or by molecular techniques that modify DNA and transfer genes . ''
Put another way , government regulation of field research with plants should focus on the traits that may be related to risk -- invasiveness , weediness , toxicity , and so forth -- rather than on whether one or another technique of genetic manipulation was used .
By contrast , plants constructed with less precise techniques such as hybridization or mutagenesis generally are subject to no government scrutiny or requirements -LRB- or opposition from activists -RRB- at all .
In an April editorial in the journal Science , Nina Fedoroff , an eminent plant geneticist who serves as senior scientific advisor to US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , wrote : `` A new Green Revolution demands a global commitment to creating a modern agricultural infrastructure everywhere , adequate investment in training and modern laboratory facilities , and progress toward simplified regulatory approaches that are responsive to accumulating evidence of safety .
Achieving this goal could offer scientists unprecedented opportunities for innovation , and better enable them to craft bespoke microorganisms and plants that produce pharmaceuticals , clean up toxic wastes , and obtain -LRB- or `` fix '' -RRB- nitrogen from the air -LRB- obviating the need for chemical fertilizers -RRB- .
Addressing them successfully would allow the country to generate the savings needed to meet its huge looming public-investment requirements : expansion of productive infrastructure -LRB- roads , ports , and airports -RRB- in order to remove severe bottlenecks to faster non-inflationary growth ; unprecedentedly large planned investment in oil exploration and electricity generation ; and forthcoming international sporting events -LRB- the World Cup and the Olympic Games -RRB- that Brazil will host in the next few years .
Less than 20 years ago , the Czech Republic and Poland were part of their sphere of influence , so Russians understandably can not accept the US unilaterally implanting its security system there .
Thus , the Chinese people , the world 's athletes , and a planet hungry for `` bread and circuses '' will not be deprived , and China 's rulers will not `` get away with murder '' in their contempt for human rights and international public opinion .
The lack of a clear plan -- is the goal to defeat Al Qaeda or to create democracy ? -- remains problematic , but less so in the short term than the lack of adequate resources .
Paradoxically , too , the `` greening '' of America -- an America that discovers late but with passion its responsibility for the planet 's survival -- may lead to a competitive transatlantic race for first prize in ecological good behavior .
This perspective is not simply rooted in economics , even if today a large proportion of older Americans are rushing back to work as the downturn wrecks their retirement plans .
PARIS -- In 2003 , France , under President Jacques Chirac , took the lead in opposing America 's planned invasion of Saddam Hussein 's Iraq .
The terrorist attacks on Western targets that he ordered include not only the Pan Am tragedy in Lockerbie , Scotland , but also a French UTA plane blown up over Africa .
But he or she will face an uphill struggle to prove to the world that America can be a force for good , a democratic beacon that cares for the planet and that lives up to the standards that it sets for others .
But is it possible to create the appropriate conditions -- to filter ideas and execute plans , and thus to facilitate creativity -- under which innovation may flourish ?
But , while political leaders drew up such rosy plans , eight of Turkey 's largest investors in Iran were withdrawing from the country .
For the first time , the OECD became directly involved with non-member countries in the Middle East , and in 2009 Syria was included in its development cooperation master plan .
While welcoming the anti-crisis action plan of the government at that time , the Fund held no illusion that it would be up to the task .
But the success of the planned reforms depends heavily on cooperation between Lebanon 's main political groups , the Sunni and the Shia , and there has been little of that so far .
The Web site of its Ministry of Economy and Trade does not even mention such a plan -LRB- but does quote the Arab League 's anti-Israel Central Boycott Office -RRB- .
The first surprise I encountered while working for CCTV as a program planner was how minimal this system is .
On the surface , writers , directors , and performers seem free to plan and produce their shows with little or no supervision or monitoring .
Analysts kept waiting for Chinese officials to salvage capitalism by spelling out a plan to save its economy first .
Premier Wen Jiabao confirmed that a major effort was being made to extend and implement the previously announced four-trillion-yuan plan , and that more funds were available if conditions worsened .
Still , it is not what we do n't know about the stimulus plan that is troublesome .
There is worse news elsewhere in the new plan .
But key steps can and should be taken : restoration of fiscal balance in well-communicated plans , commitment to central bank autonomy and low inflation , and striking a thoughtful balance between under - and over-regulation of the financial sector .
In foreign policy , Germany has no real global game plan : witness its blunders over Libya , and its clumsy attempts to gain a permanent seat on the United Nations Security Council .
Moreover , even if the plan for EU sovereign debt never takes off , fiscally prudent euro-zone countries will face higher borrowing costs .
Grants and planning must be coordinated , and the consent of Afghanistan 's neighboring countries assured .
A regional plan approved in August 2003 in Dar-Es-Salaam , Tanzania 's capital , by the SADC focuses on promoting trade , economic liberalization , and development as a means of facilitating the establishment of an SADC Common Market .
The SADC 's regional plan establishes a timeframe for policy implementation over the next fifteen years that takes these constraints into account , focusing on macroeconomic policies , debt problems , and establishing a stable and secure investment climate .
Removing all trade barriers , as called for by SADC 's plan , would enable them to take full advantage of the region 's abundant natural resources and point the way toward deeper global integration for all of Africa .
Political leaders should also seek to stabilize defense budgets by creating separate funds for unforeseen multilateral peacekeeping operations , like the Balkans and Afghanistan , and by putting defense planning on a multi-year rather than an annual cycle .
Such predictable budgets will better enable European leaders to establish defense planning targets that address the priorities of military transformation .
The EU can help by strengthening its defense planning .
The US plan for war crimes trials covers violations committed before the current conflict began .
Whether denunciations of the detentions at Guantanamo and the planned military tribunals are driven by genuine concerns about human rights or by glee at pointing out American hypocrisy , the effect is the same .
Up to now , criticism from the rest of the world has had no effect on the Bush administration 's plans .
Developing countries need substantial help and support from rich nations in order to implement their plans for low-carbon economic growth , and to adapt to the effects of climate change that are now inevitable over the next few decades .
To meet this challenge , the three of us -- building on the action plan adopted by consensus at the 2010 Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- Review Conference -- have endorsed a series of urgent , practical steps towards the long-term goal of a world free of nuclear weapons .
The 2008 winter planting yielded $ 5 million in bean crops , helping to improve food security and the incomes of poor farmers .
Every tree , every plant , must be fully rooted in its own soil to flourish .
It takes nothing away from the pain of those now losing their houses to notice that something oddly American and a bit perverse happened : millions of Americans were seduced by fantasies of a beautiful big house , vague about their own plans for the future , and yet full ofcrazy confidencethat it would all somehow work out . American optimism became as much a curse as a blessing .
He has brought in planeloads of journalists to Guantánamo Bay to show them a `` safe , transparent , and humane '' facility that now offers fresh baklava and video viewing from a shackled loveseat .
In fact , even the explanation of why this material is classified can not be reproduced , because it is privileged .
I do n't pretend to possess journalism 's Holy Grail : a sustainable business plan for the newspaper of the future .
This decision came two years after the company acceded to pressure from environmentalists and scrapped plans to drill in a World Heritage site in Bangladesh .
Hijacking an airplane is relatively inexpensive .
Some skeptics argue that this emphasis on values is the wrong explanation of how changes occur in world politics , and that the real problem between Europe and the US is structural .
As he looks ahead to the verdict of history , he seems to realize that hard power alone will not consolidate his reputation , but he remains hostage to incidents and accidents that could drive even his best-laid plans off course .
Hijacking a plane sometimes costs little more than the price of a ticket .
It also means carrying on with the important role that Europe plays in foreign policy such as attracting Serbia to reach agreement on the future status of Kosovo , or continuing efforts to persuade Iran to give up its plans for the enrichment of uranium .
One of the top priorities had been the Republican plan to complete the repeal of the estate tax on the richest Americans .
But , as the costs of responding to Katrina mount , adding to the federal deficit , it seems difficult to proceed as planned .
Even if governments rethink their ban on new nuclear plants , accelerate development of windmills and solar panels , and search for new gas supplies , Europe will remain dependent on Russian gas for more than a decade .
The Soviet economy 's decline , meanwhile , reflected the diminished ability of central planning to respond to global economic change .
If Iran were interested solely in peaceful uses , the Russian offer or some other plan -LRB- such as placing stocks of low enriched uranium in Iran -RRB- could meet their needs .
While far from perfect , the first round in the fight went to the US . Al-Qaeda lost the sanctuaries from which it planned its attacks ; many of its leaders were killed or captured ; and its central communications were severely disrupted .
For example , NATO did not conduct the Gulf War in 1991 or the initial Afghan campaign , but NATO planning and training meant that members could cooperate effectively when called upon to do so .
Bush administration officials argue that the new plan is `` not an open-ended commitment : we are putting real , specific requirements and expectations on the Iraqi government . ''
If Bush 's new military plan is a temporary step to buy time to move in the direction of the Iraq Study Group 's proposals of training Iraqi forces and gradually withdrawing American forces , there may be something to be said for it as one last chance , but only if it is accompanied by the diplomatic advice that the study group also suggested .
The new invitees resent not being included as full members able to help plan and shape the meetings , and the original countries ' delegations have expanded to include hundreds of officials each .
The writer Robert Kaplan points to the birth of a new `` warrior class as cruel as ever and better armed '' ranging from Russian Mafiosi and Latin American drug kingpins to terrorists who glorify violence just as ancient Greeks did in the sacking of Troy .
Kaplan argues that modern leaders must respond in kind , and that modern leadership will demand a pagan ethos rooted in the past .
But such socio-biological explanations of leadership are of only limited value .
According to the International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- , Iran began enriching uranium at a pilot centrifuge plant last August , and is constructing larger underground enrichment facilities .
Fortunately , there is a multilateral option and an existing precedent . In the mid-1970 's , many parties to the NPT planned to import and develop enrichment and reprocessing facilities .
In January 2008 , President George W. Bush signed two presidential directives that called for establishing a comprehensive cyber-security plan , and his 2009 budget requested $ 6 billion to develop a system to protect national cyber security .
In his first weeks in office , he began to fulfill his campaign promises by outlining a massive economic stimulus plan , ordering the closure of the Guantánamo Bay prison , promoting new fuel-efficiency standards to save energy , giving an interview to Al Arabiya , and sending a top emissary to the Middle East .
When people speak of military power , they tend to think in terms of the resources that underlie the hard-power behavior of fighting and threatening to fight -- soldiers , tanks , planes , ships , and so forth .
CAMBRIDGE -- When the United States Congress approved President Barack Obama 's plan to extend health-care coverage to nearly all Americans , it marked the most important social legislation the country had seen since the 1960 's .
After China eclipsed the US as Brazil 's largest trading partner , China and Brazil announced plans to settle trade in their national currencies rather than dollars .
Russia is no longer hampered by communist ideology and a cumbersome central-planning system , and the likelihood of ethnic fragmentation , though still a threat , has waned .
And , just a few weeks before the shelling of Yeonpyeong , North Korea showed a delegation of American scientists a new and previously undisclosed uranium-enrichment plant , which will increase the regime 's capacity to make nuclear weapons .
Now , with its new enrichment plant , North Korea 's access to fissile materials will greatly increase .
But it turned out that the rate of economic growth owed less to Hindu culture than to imported British Fabian -LRB- and other -RRB- socialist economic planning .
Some government reports had anticipated the extent to which non-state actors could hurt large states , but their conclusions were not incorporated into official plans .
Of course , whether America can implement the available solutions is uncertain ; several commissions have proposed feasible plans to change America 's debt trajectory by raising taxes and cutting expenditures , but feasibility is no guarantee that they will be adopted .
A good part of the explanation for this turnaround was the fact that the government managed to convince enough voters to move from abstention to the ` Yes ' camp -LRB- though the turnout still failed to reach 50 % -RRB- . All of this suggests that the higher the turnout the greater the likelihood of a ` Yes ' win .
The core elements of the Irish plan to `` rescue '' Lisbon have now emerged , and it is clear that a second referendum is central to this effort .
The second part of the plan is for the EU to provide the Irish with a series of clarifications on other key issues . These include Ireland 's exclusive right to decide policy on issues such as abortion and corporation tax as well as participation in European security and defense operations .
Last October , Yar ` Adua joined South Africa and Libya in opposing US plans to deploy AFRICOM , its new African regional military command , on the continent .
Moreover , Tony Chukwueke , the DPR 's head , has announced plans to create an African version of Petronas , Malaysia 's state-run oil company , and transform the sclerotic Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation into a powerful oil-producing firm that can dominate the market in the Gulf of Guinea and other emerging regions .
Children and adults with disabilities , together with their advocates , should be involved in the planning , implementation , and monitoring of policies and services .
The total up-front financing would be ¤ 530 billion by 2020 -- less than the cost of the current US financial-sector bailout plan -- and ¤ 810 billion by 2030 , which is well within range of what financial markets can handle .
Forests and plants remove carbon from the atmosphere , potentially accounting for more than 40 % of carbon abatement opportunities between now and 2020 .
Helping soybean farmers , palm-oil planters , and cattle ranchers from Brazil to Southeast Asia to use land more productively , thereby reducing pressure on tropical forests , must be an integral part of the solution .
A developed nation can not meet carbon emission targets by outsourcing its dirtiest production to a developing country , and a developing country can not meet its targets by chopping down forests to build the plants or expand low-productivity agriculture .
A minute of silence for the victims of unarrested war criminals might be a more appropriate way to pay tribute to the Council 's core values of human rights and justice than attending the party now being planned in Belgrade .
After all , over the past two decades , the enduring goals of dismantling communism and central planning , as well as joining the European Union , have served as important driving forces of reform .
The radical and violent left in Europe today has abandoned these zones of social exclusion . Radicals used to learn to handle a Kalashnikov and hijack planes with the Palestinians .
So it is logical to ask : what are the realistic scenarios concerning the consequences of such an intervention ? Are there any plans regarding how to handle the post-strike situation ?
It is an apt metaphor for the situation in which the US and China now find themselves : on a planet in the process of being dangerously warmed by our own runaway progress .
In short , China is veritably humming with energy , money , plans , leadership , and forward motion , while the West seems paralyzed .
To try to compensate for these perturbed weather patterns , Chinese officialdom has launched an unprecedented array of costly projects . These include the titanic $ 55 billion South-North Water Transfer Project , a massive engineering effort to construct three canals to bring water from China 's normally wet south to its arid north ; a widespread campaign to dig ever-deeper wells ; a nationwide tree-planting campaign ; and even an extensive effort at `` weather modification . ''
The Anshan Iron and Steel Group , a Chinese SOE , tried to buy a 20 % interest in the Mississippi-based Steel Development in the hope of setting up a re-bar plant in the US .
Their explanation was that the West is uncomfortable with the motives and behavior of ideological states -- Syria , Iran , and Iraq under Saddam were states with causes -- Islam , Arab unity , or anti-Zionism .
Only intervention by US Vice President Dick Cheney two and a half days later secured the release of the soldiers , who were alleged to have been planning clandestine operations within the Kurdish zone .
He or she must talk directly to the Arab League , whose proposed peace plan will require tough Israeli negotiation , but is a reasonable start to preventing future wars , including just wars .
To help these most vulnerable communities , it is essential for the world to devise a plan of action to limit the emission of greenhouse gases -LRB- GHGs -RRB- .
Second , the benefits of mitigating emissions of GHGs are so overwhelming that this , combined with the prospect of the harm resulting from inaction , makes it imperative for the world to devise an international response and a plan of action .
You built your reputation by collecting plants , animals , fossils , and geological samples from around the world , and sending back letters that tracked your development into a first-rate scientist .
Throughout your trip , and in the years afterward , the mists that had obscured some incredibly simple yet powerful natural explanations lifted .
Now you have to publish your entire theory right away , before someone else gets the credit . It nearly kills you , but you get the book out -- only an abstract of the magnum opus that you had planned -- by the end of the next year .
Toledo assumed the presidency planning to dismantle the corruption that marked Fujimori 's administrations and end the reign of his crooked chief of intelligence , Vladimiro Montesinos .
Despite this , he brims with imagined presidential plans , such as ridding the country of terrorist groups like Shining Path and re-establishing Peru 's economic standing .
But , regardless of how bad Europe 's political and financial leaders may seem , a sudden rise in the number of incompetent or immoral individuals throughout the eurozone 's periphery is not a credible explanation of this crisis .
These concepts result in significantly different explanations of the real world , including income distribution and the determinants of economic activity and growth .
The Debt Delusion WASHINGTON , DC &#45; &#45; A second big American interest-rate cut in a fortnight , alongside an economic stimulus plan that united Republicans and Democrats , demonstrates that US policymakers are keen to head off a recession that looks like the consequence of rising mortgage defaults and falling home prices .
It is imperative that environmental factors figure in China 's macroeconomic planning in a real way .
This requires that a more rational strategy be mapped out in the planning of major industrial projects and energy-hungry enterprises .
Land planning must be overhauled , with industrial monopolies broken up and development goals set according to population , resource volume , and the capacity to absorb pollution .
That the Latin American right can sleep at night despite this leftward tide is not merely the result of communism 's disappearance , nor does it mean that the US has given up its hegemonic intentions . The explanation lies in the fact that much of today 's left is not the left as we have known it .
Only three maverick Republican Senators went along with Obama 's proposals to get the plan accepted .
Yet there are still 23,000 nuclear warheads on our planet , with the explosive power of 150,000 Hiroshima bombs .
Disbelief grows with every revelation of secret Iranian facilities and plans , and with every refusal by Iran to negotiate safeguards that would allow for civil use while preventing weaponization .
He and his finance minister , Gordon Brown , stuck to their predecessors ' public-spending plans , for example .
So , too , was that of the American companies that caused the chemical disaster at Union Carbide 's plant in Bhopal , India -LRB- which killed 3,000 initially and perhaps another 15,000 in later years -RRB- , and of those that caused the Piper Alpha oil-rig accident , which killed 167 people in the North Sea in 1988 .
The world periodically wakes up to the horrors of life in Gaza , and then goes back to watching the World Cup or planning summer holidays .
Nor is there any plan on offer from other emerging powers , though in time India may show growing alarm about China 's muscle-flexing , and Brazil may question whether it has really been wise to cosset Venezuela and Cuba .
We learn about all this at the same time as we are told about Father Christmas , his Lapland reindeers , and his sacks full of presents .
There must be some explanation for China choosing this moment even for an unnecessary and ham-fisted row with the Vatican .
Bush 's partial explanation of the world food crisis , accurate as far as it went , brought the anger of India 's media and of many politicians down on his head .
This circle can be very small , including just your kin and those with whom you interact on a daily basis , or it can be extremely broad , including all humans , but also fetuses , animals , plants , and even the earth itself .
This trend provides low-quality substitutes for the high-quality fish that we were once accustomed to , and will inexorably lead us toward catching plankton , especially jellyfish .
It relies on plants -LRB- plankton sometimes supplemented by agricultural by-products in the case of freshwater fish -RRB- to generate a net addition to the fish food supply available to consumers .
The explanation for our expanded morality comes from intelligence , imagination , and culture .
Musharraf , according to his lawyer 's depositions before the Supreme Court , plans to give up his uniform after the indirect presidential elections he scheduled for October 6 .
This `` poisoned earth '' policy kills coca plants , not peasant farmers .
Or you can take a poppy field and dig a large pond , fill it with fish , plant trees around it , buy some ducks and have your children watch them .
Instead of researching the focus area 's agricultural base , social structures , and local cultures the plan 's officers launched a program based on hearsay and feeble contacts . Wily and resourceful , Afghans were quick to take advantage of the ignorance , goodwill and craving for instant results of the program 's officers .
Slower growth in the new member states could also delay the planned introduction of the Euro , which in turn could deter many Western companies from investing in the region .
Indeed , just before the ultimate collapse of the talks , five new members , including the Czech Republic and Slovakia , agreed to an even more radical plan , under which the budget would be only 1 % of the EU 's GDP .
Even now , Israel is planning to build a new `` corridor of peace , '' which will comprise the Jordanians , the Palestinians , and us .
Reviving the Quartet Following the formation of a Palestinian unity government between Fatah and Hamas , and the Arab League summit which revived King Abdullah 's peace plan of 2002 , it is time for the so-called Middle East Quartet , consisting of the European Union , Russia , the United Nations , and the United States , to get into action .
According to some optimistic studies , solar thermal power plants and wind farms in North Africa could not only boost economic growth there , but also provide more than 15 % of Europe 's electricity by 2050 .
This is as true as astronomical facts get , particularly because we have sent artificial satellites into orbit and seen that our planet is indeed roundish .
Of course , you could fall back on more traditional reasons to believe in a round earth , like the fact that our planet projects a round-looking shadow on the moon during eclipses .
For every one of the world 's 10,000 bird species , there may be 10 or perhaps even 100 other unknown species of animals , plants , or fungi .
Certainly , some other species also benefit from the protections that we afford birds , but many other species do not . Moreover , human actions threaten substantially higher proportions of other well-known groups -- such as flowering plants and amphibians .
Maize plants have withered , hitting poor rural families hard .
This , of course , would be an issue only with open pollinating plants , and only if the definition of `` organically produced '' excludes GM , something that is difficult to justify , since genes are as organic as anything .
Such a reversal would reduce hunger , poverty , and malnutrition ; help protect our planet 's natural resources ; and slow the emission of greenhouse gases from agriculture .
To military observers , the Beijing\/Shenyang exercises seemed to be practice for a possible offensive operation against Russia , because exercises on such a scale are undertaken only at the final stage of a multi-year program to train troops to enact specific strategic and operational plans .
We still can not name its players , but we are aware of its interests and impact on events in the same way that astronomers discern a new but invisible planet by recording its impact on known and visible objects in space .
One after another , they have appeared on television and radio to denounce `` provokers , '' whom they dare not name , for `` planning the incursion of Russian troops all the way to Tbilisi and the establishment there of a pro-Russian government . ''
Legal transplants , indeed , are as old as the law .
The most extensive transplants of law took place when Europe 's empires spanned the globe .
American antitrust law , when transplanted to Japan after World War II by General MacArthur , for example , led to only six criminal prosecutions in thirty years .
Imported legal solutions , it appears , are unlikely to work unless key constituencies - local farmers or business owners , say - support the process of legal transplantation and develop a demand for the legal solutions the transplanted rules offer .
Transplanting laws , indeed , seems as risky as transplanting organs because , like organs , legal transplants may be rejected .
Countries that developed their formal legal order internally develop more effective legal institutions than those who rely - or were forced to rely - on legal transplants .
Still , not all transplants fail .
As the push to transplant legal norms grows , international agencies should focus on helping countries make their laws effective in practice , not just on paper .
It may also avoid transplanting solutions that simply wo n't work absent complementary domestic legal rules and institutions .
Before the Busan meeting , United States Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner warned against `` a generalized , undifferentiated move to pull forward consolidation plans , '' and emphasized the need to `` proceed in step with the strengthening of the private-sector recovery . '' But the other finance ministers did not echo Geithner 's warnings .
Soon after this , British Prime Minister David Cameron announced `` years of pain ahead , '' German Chancellor Angela Merkel outlined a $ 100bn retrenchment plan , and French Prime Minister François Fillon a similar $ 80bn plan . .
Lula 's day started before sunrise at the gates of an automobile plant in São Bernardo do Campo , part of Sao Paulo 's industrial belt , where he rose to prominence as a union leader defying the military dictatorship 30 years ago .
The opportunities , hopes , and dreams delivered to the downtrodden and the vision and plans for Thailand 's future were enmeshed with his own venality .
In his essay `` Dreams and Facts , '' the philosopher Bertrand Russell wrote that our entire Milky Way galaxy is a tiny fragment of the universe , and within this fragment our solar system is `` an infinitesimal speck , '' and within this speck `` our planet is a microscopic dot . ''
Today , we do n't need to rely on such verbal descriptions of our planet 's insignificance against the background of our galaxy .
But no such nihilistic view of our existence follows from the size of our planetary home , and Russell himself was no nihilist .
While seeing the Earth as a whole diminishes the importance of things like national boundaries that divide us , he said , it also `` underscores our responsibility to deal more kindly with one another , and to preserve and cherish the pale blue dot , the only home we 've ever known . '' Al Gore used the `` pale blue dot '' image at the end of his film , An Inconvenient Truth , suggesting that if we wreck this planet , we have nowhere else to go .
That 's probably true , even though scientists are now discovering other planets outside our solar system .
As the victims ' relatives point out , in planning his crime , Megrahi showed no compassion .
A Day for Planetary Justice PRINCETON -- What we are doing to our planet , to our children and grandchildren , and to the poor , by our heedless production of greenhouse gases , is one of the great moral wrongs of our age .
That is one of many recent dramatic signs that our climate is changing and that our planet is warmer than it has been for a very long time .
Churches will ring bells 350 times , 350 cyclists will circle towns , and , in many places , 350 trees will be planted .
The artificial heart machine , also known as a left ventricular assist device , or LVAD , has been used to keep patients alive until they receive a heart transplant .
But there is a shortage of hearts for transplantation , and in the US , LVADs are now being implanted as a long-term treatment for heart failure , just as a dialysis machine replaces a kidney .
A Georgian Marshall Plan , with a strategic economic development plan and specified milestones , holds promise because the government would be able and willing to design and implement a viable program .
The changes in the planet 's energy budget caused by solar variations are at least ten times smaller in comparison .
And , with no action at all , the planet could even heat up by 5-7º Celsius by the end of this century -- and more thereafter .
The second male behavior is a patricidal imperative that is perhaps the most shameful and atavistic of the primal impulses that still lurk in some archaic part of our brains . The idea that one must somehow supplant one 's mentor , cast the previous generation out into the wilderness , and make oneself the leader of the pack seems to obsess men .
Matters were exacerbated by firms ' postponement until a recession of hard choices about closing unviable plants and shedding workers .
Regardless of what the right explanation is , the history of recent recessions suggests that we should not be surprised that the job recovery is taking time .
Therein lies an additional explanation for tepid job growth , as well as a salutary lesson about policy .
But there is a better reason to be skeptical of explanations relying on ideology .
Regardless of the true explanation , the US is singularly unprepared for jobless recoveries .
Therefore , the political response to rising inequality -- whether carefully planned or the path of least resistance -- was to expand lending to households , especially low-income households .
But , while there is much to celebrate , questions remain about whether the IAEA can increase its capacity both to combat proliferation and promote nuclear power plant safety .
But raids never generated significant radiological consequences , because plants were under construction , contained inconsequential amounts of nuclear material , had radioactive elements removed prior to the attack , or because the attacker missed the mark .
So , given the threat of radioactive releases , does the plant 's continued operation outweigh the risks ?
It is the region 's largest nuclear plant and sole producer of atomic weapons materials .
Still , the plant -- along with its spent nuclear fuel , extracted plutonium , and nuclear reprocessing waste -- poses significant radiological hazards that a military strike could disperse into the environment .
In May 1984 , after I authored a book about the consequences of military attacks on nuclear facilities , an Israeli intelligence officer came to California to question me about the vulnerability of the reactor and a proposed nuclear power plant .
So , if Israel can not guarantee the plant 's defense against attack , it should close it .
Indeed , about a dozen Middle East and North African countries propose to build nuclear power plants .
Given the historic targeting of atomic installations , planners should consider whether providing adversaries with radiological targets far larger than Dimona makes sense .
Twice , Iraq bucked safeguards -- first when it built the Osirak reactor and failed to provide inspectors full transparency and convincing assurance it would not use the plant to produce plutonium for weapons , and , second , when it nearly completed its secret enrichment program prior to the 1991 Persian Gulf War .
Arguing that short-range devices pose no risk to the American homeland , US negotiators plan to press for reductions in follow-on talks .
Unlike the attack on Syria 's nuclear plant , Israel 's conventional forces do not have the capacity to destroy Iran 's suspect installations .
As Iraq moved to complete the Osirak reactor by the early 1980 's , Israel applied diplomatic pressure and actions against foreign nuclear vendors , sabotaged atomic exports , and assassinated Iraqi scientists , before finally settling on the June 1981 air strike on the plant .
After consultation with his staff , Bush responded that , absent a plutonium extraction facility , US intelligence could not confirm that the plant comprised a nuclear weapons program . `` I told him -LRB- Olmert -RRB- I had decided on a diplomatic option backed by force '' to stop Syria , Bush writes .
Where anti-terrorist planning is concerned , however , non-interference has become ASEAN 's biggest handicap .
In 1824 , Fourier discovered why our planet 's climate is so warm -- tens of degrees warmer than a simple calculation of its energy balance would suggest .
In 1859 , Tyndall described the greenhouse effect in beautifully concise words : `` The atmosphere admits of the entrance of solar heat , but checks its exit ; and the result is a tendency to accumulate heat at the surface of the planet . ''
Tajbakhsh , an internationally respected scholar , social scientist , urban planner , and dual citizen of Iran and the United States , has languished in Tehran 's Evin Prison -- notorious for its documented cases of torture and detainee abuse -- since May 11 .
He has been a consultant to several Iranian ministries on urban planning , and helped the government in major rebuilding projects after the devastating earthquake that destroyed the ancient city of Bam in 2003 .
This division of labor between the System-I and System-II mechanisms would work well were it not for the fact that our lazy and cheap decision-making mode tends to take over in situations that should command our fullest attention : choosing a pension plan or a health care scheme , for example .
In these situations , liberal paternalists feel no qualms about taking control and forcing choices upon us -LRB- `` Wear seat belts and enroll in the pension plan , and in the end you 'll thank me '' -RRB- .
And , indeed , well-chosen nudges have been shown to be extremely effective in altering choices that make a substantive difference to the lives of many -LRB- say , enrollment in pension plans -RRB- .
We are becoming embedded in a cyberspace that can link anyone , anywhere , to all the world 's information and culture -- and to every other person on the planet .
And there are other risks stemming from humanity 's greater collective impact on the planet , and from the growing empowerment of individuals .
The top priority should be a coordinated effort by Europe , the United States , and the other G-8 +5 countries to build demonstration plants to develop carbon capture and storage -LRB- CCS -RRB- technology .
Less evidently , there are plants in the rain forest whose gene pool might be useful to us .
The pressures on our planet depend , of course , on our lifestyle .
The index fund would be similar to the ones held by so many workers today in private pension plans .
Although this plan would prop up the value of the financial system as a whole , it would still allow market forces to determine relative share prices of individual banks .
This plan would allow us to bail out good banks and allow bad banks to fail -- without costing the taxpayer a penny .
Backers of the stimulus plan now claim that things would have been much worse without ARRA .
He planted the beans , selected seeds from the same plants , and planted them again , repeating the procedure two more times .
In November , 2008 , a plane carrying Juan Camilo Mourino , Mexico 's national security advisor , crashed under mysterious circumstances .
Specifically , that means social security , private pensions , and medical and unemployment insurance -- plans that exist on paper but are woefully underfunded .
For example , in 2009 , China 's retirement-system assets -- national social security , local government retirement benefit plans , and private sector pensions -- totaled just RMB2 .4 trillion -LRB- $ 364 billion -RRB- .
Strategy . Since 1953 , China has framed its macro objectives in the context of five-year plans , with clearly defined targets and policy initiatives designed to hit those targets .
They will thus be net security contributors rather than mere consumers , making our Alliance even stronger . Deepening Partnerships : The attacks of `` 9\/11 '' were masterminded by a Saudi who lived in Central Asia , planned by people from the Eastern and Southern shores of the Mediterranean living in Western Europe , and carried out in North America .
The policies of central planning , dirigisme , and import substitution , which many newly independent countries adopted in the 1950 's and 1960 's , could be labeled as the ideas of communists , Fabian socialists , and nationalists , not trained economists .
Therefore we know that markets do better than central planning , and that foreign trade is better than autarky .
In agriculture and industry , price efficiency was achieved not by abolishing quotas and planned allocations , but by allowing producers to trade at market prices at the margin .
But things have not worked out according to plan .
To understand what is going on , we need a different explanation of what keeps investment and growth low in most poor nations .
The main problem seems to be the paucity of entrepreneurship and low propensity to invest in plant and equipment -- what Keynes called `` low animal spirits '' -- especially to raise output of products that can be traded on world markets .
Reforms , after all , are not hothouse plants that can be transplanted at will in any soil .
There is also a broader backlash under way . Sepp Blatter , the president of FIFA , soccer 's global governing body , has been pushing a plan to limit to five the number of foreign players that club teams would be allowed to have on the field .
President-elect Barack Obama made the plight of the middle class a central plank of his successful campaign .
Germany has dragged its feet on fiscal stimulus , stymieing what should have been the second leg of a globally coordinated fiscal action plan .
At the World Economic Forum in Davos , US Congressman Barney Frank was surprised to discover that the greatest opposition to American plans came from international regulators .
According to The Wall Street Journal , the US Department of Energy -LRB- DOE -RRB- alone is planning to spend more than $ 40 billion in loans and grants to encourage private firms to develop green technologies , such as electric cars , new batteries , wind turbines , and solar panels .
So Europe needs a short-term growth strategy to supplement its financial-support package and its plans for fiscal consolidation .
They depend not just on its tax and spending plans but also on the state of the economy , the external conjuncture , and the political context .
In a separate but related prosecution , they used fabricated evidence to accuse nearly 200 active and retired military officers of planning a coup in 2003 , during the early days of Erdo?an 's first government .
But as soon as we engage with the details of the prosecutions , a shocking picture emerges : some of the key evidence in the cases is clearly planted , while much of the rest remains circumstantial at best .
For example , the alleged 2003 coup plot was supposedly discovered when CDs containing detailed preparations -LRB- including assassination teams and plans to bomb two mosques -RRB- were delivered to a virulently anti-military newspaper .
Of the hundreds of senior officers serving at the time , none has acknowledged any knowledge of these plans .
Erdo?an has fanned the flames by claiming that he was aware of such coup plans at the time , but that he disregarded them .
The prosecutors have what looks like solid evidence : detailed plans , ostensibly authored by the defendants , describing a series of ghastly operations to destabilize the country .
Several defendants have shown that they were outside the country and had no access to the computers on which they supposedly authored the plans .
Perhaps most dramatically of all , the coup documents contain much information that could not possibly have been known at the time , including references to companies , NGOs , hospitals , and many other entities that were established years after the plan is supposed to have been hatched .
But the police made an elementary error that revealed the set-up : after supposedly receiving an anonymous tip about Ahmet A. -LRB- a pseudonym -RRB- , they mistakenly searched Ahmet B. 's home -- and yet somehow found the incriminating files among B. 's possessions . Ahmet B. is obviously not Ahmet A. , and the only explanation is that the evidence was planted -- in the wrong house .
A prosecutor questions a suspect about a plan to intimidate Christians before the police have actually `` discovered '' it .
China moved away from central planning and allowed markets to flourish -- first in agricultural products and , eventually , in industrial goods .
The sector went into long decline thereafter , as a combination of adverse policies and civil war from 1982-1992 brought new tree plantings to a halt .
While the World Bank points to the rise in prices as evidence of the gains that accrued to farmers , its opponents point to the processing plants in urban areas which have been shutdown and the thousands of workers who remain unemployed .
These were puny amounts for a policy that was a key plank in the World Bank 's reform agenda , and that became a bone of contention between the Bank and Mozambique .
The gains from liberalization must be set against the losses that resulted from idling processing plants .
In theory , these plant workers should have found alternative sources of employment .
Liberalization could have reinvigorated the rural sector by reversing the collapse in cashew tree planting .
So farmers refused to plant trees , cashew processors refused to take their resources elsewhere , and urban workers refused to look for other jobs .
But this is a weak explanation .
In some nations , labor greatly influences the firm through politics-i.e. , opposing mass lay-offs and resisting restructuring plans that change the nature of the workplace .
For the Fukushima nuclear-power plant , a 1,000-year flood and ordinarily innocuous design defects combined to deprive the reactors of circulating water coolant and cause serious radiation leaks .
For Fukushima-type risks , analysts are already discussing how nuclear plants can be designed and built to contain earthquake and tsunami risks via passive cooling .
It is possible , the thinking now runs , to design and build nuclear plants that can keep the fuel rods cool even if all power is lost .
Jefferson and Madison , the southern leaders , opposed Hamilton 's assumption plan , and Madison was critical in blocking it in Congress .
The real question now facing the planet is whether we can continue improving our technologies or finding cheaper substitutes .
It was an ambitious plan , but it seemed doable -- until Hal started having problems with his baking business .
Yes , I did not ask Hal what , exactly , he planned to do with my money -LRB- would he use it to fix his plumbing , to help his business , or would he waste it somehow ? -RRB- .
Unlike my loan to Hal , the IMF usually does ask government officials to show how they plan to put their country back on its feet .
Indeed , it is this planning dialogue that does more than anything else to help stabilize the economy and restore a viable balance of payments .
He attributes , debatably , the entire problem to higher carbon emissions from cars , power plants , etc. .
In fact , the explanation for market calm probably lies elsewhere .
But why ca n't the US bring itself to raise taxes on gasoline and other sources of carbon emission like coal burning power plants ?
So how is the US planning to react ?
By following through on plans to build a 2,000-mile wall across its southern border .
In that case , do investors and policymakers have a plan B ?
First , rich countries are deeply reluctant to embrace any collective plan that might impinge on their own domestic policy maneuvers .
At $ 6,000 , the average cost of a hip replacement is only a thousandth the cost of what it supposedly took to implant a bionic arm , eye , and two legs on the fictional `` The Six Million Dollar Man '' in the popular mid-1970 's TV show .
At the same time , the outside world will be looking especially carefully at what , if anything , officials plan to do if the dollar continues to sink .
-LRB- What are the Chinese planning to do with all their ever-growing $ 1.4 trillion in reserves ?
The Yuan may well supplant the dollar in the second half of this century .
With minds concentrated by fears of another 1930 's - style Great Depression , America 's political leaders developed , virtually overnight , a $ 700 billion bailout plan to resuscitate the country 's rapidly deflating financial sector .
The plan 's central conceit is that government ingenuity can disentangle the trillion-dollar `` sub-prime '' mortgage loan market , even though Wall Street 's own rocket scientists have utterly failed to do so .
This brings us back to the US Treasury 's plan to spend hundreds of billions of dollars to unclog the sub-prime mortgage market .
CAMBRIDGE -- Addressing the annual World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao explained his government 's plans to counter the global economic meltdown with public spending and loans .
One of the great challenges ahead is to find a way to bring these two countries ' savings into line , given the vast trade imbalances that many believe planted the seeds of financial crisis .
I hope so , but I would be more convinced by a plan tilted more toward domestic private consumption , health , and education than to one based on the same growth strategy of the past 30 years .
For some Europeans , still nervous that their economies and banking systems might collapse , this is a little like asking a passenger on the Titanic what they plan to do when they arrive in New York .
So what is the game plan now ? There is talk of regulating the financial sector , but governments are afraid to shake confidence . There is recognition that the housing bubble collapse has to be absorbed , but no stomach for acknowledging the years of slow growth in consumption that this will imply .
When they do -- and assuming that the government does not suddenly tighten its belt -LRB- it has no credible plan to do so -RRB- -- there is every likelihood that America 's appetite for foreign cash will surge again .
But there is no reason in principle that Chinese planners can not follow the same model in reorienting the economy to a more domestic-demand-led growth strategy .
But Kasparov quickly adjusted to exploit the computer 's weakness in long-term strategic planning , where his judgment and intuition seemed to trump the computer 's mechanical counting .
With ever more powerful processors , silicon chess players developed the ability to calculate so far ahead that the distinction between short-term tactical calculations and long-term strategic planning became blurred .
There is an old joke about two men who are trapped by a lion in the jungle after a plane crash .
The question for the IMF in Europe is not whether it has a plan viable for getting in .
It is all too easy to criticize the specifics of the IMF plan .
Latin America 's rebirth and modern growth dynamic really only began to unfold after the 1987 `` Brady plan '' orchestrated massive debt write-downs across the region .
Finally , under the 1987 Brady plan , debts were written down by roughly 30 % , four years after the crisis hit full throttle .
Still , with many of the world 's largest governments facing a lethal combination of unsustainable conventional debt , unprecedented old-age pension obligations , and a downshift in growth , one has to wonder what the fiscal plan is .
Debt crises tend to come out of the blue , hitting countries whose debt trajectories simply have no room for error or unplanned adversity .
In the US , such an agency could have weighed in on the costs and benefits of bailout plans , perhaps helping to end congressional paralysis and steeling nerves to give taxpayers more upside risk .
The new plan relies on a questionable mix of dubious financial-engineering gimmicks and vague promises of modest Asian funding .
Even the best part of the plan , the proposed -LRB- but not really agreed -RRB- 50 % haircut for private-sector holders of Greek sovereign debt , is not sufficient to stabilize that country 's profound debt and growth problems .
True , the US political system seems stymied in coming up with a plan to stabilize medium-term budget deficits .
Finally , investors might just believe that the eurozone leaders ' latest plan will work , even though the last dozen plans have failed .
Europeans do n't want explanations ; they want to be consulted -- to have input into American decision-making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
The opposition 's new leadership also displaced those who wanted to supplant `` populist '' leaders with an anti-political discourse .
So , after a totally flawed plan that would have given money to Greece too late -- only when the country risked a refinancing crisis -- and at market rates that would make its debt unsustainable , the EU regained its senses and designed a new scheme that is closer to typical IMF conditionality : tranched support with some early front-loaded support and a semi-concessional interest rate .
Only time will tell if this plan will work : i.e. whether Greece will turn out to be illiquid but solvent , conditional on credible fiscal austerity and structural reforms and with the help of large amounts of financial support .
Return to the Abyss NEW YORK -- One interpretation of financial crises is that they are , in Nassim Taleb 's phrase , `` black swan '' events -- unplanned and unpredictable occurrences that change the course of history .
Second , countries where bond-market vigilantes have not yet awakened -- the US , the UK , and Japan -- should maintain their fiscal stimulus while designing credible fiscal consolidation plans to be implemented later over the medium term .
In particular , bonuses based on medium-term results of risky trades and investments must supplant bonuses based on short-term outcomes .
And Germany should cut taxes temporarily -- rather than raising taxes , as planned -- in order to increase disposable income and stimulate German demand for the periphery 's goods and services .
Instead , the government could well end up with no plan B in case plan A -- massively front-loaded austerity -- leads to a double-dip recession .
Thus , the current strategy of kicking the can down the road will soon reach its limits , and a different plan will be needed to save the eurozone .
The new plan 's details reveal continued reliance on investment , including public housing , to support growth , rather than faster currency appreciation , substantial fiscal transfers to households , taxation and\/or privatization of state-owned enterprises -LRB- SOEs -RRB- , liberalization of the household registration -LRB- hukou -RRB- system , or an easing of financial repression .
To a visitor , this is evident in sleek but empty airports and bullet trains -LRB- which will reduce the need for the 45 planned airports -RRB- , highways to nowhere , thousands of colossal new central and provincial government buildings , ghost towns , and brand-new aluminum smelters kept closed to prevent global prices from plunging .
Traditional explanations for the high savings rate -LRB- lack of a social safety net , limited public services , aging of the population , underdevelopment of consumer finance , etc. -RRB- are only part of the puzzle .
At the same time , the best way to contain financial contagion would be to implement a pan-European plan to recapitalize eurozone banks .
And Germany should delay its austerity plan , as the last thing that the eurozone needs is a massive fiscal drag .
Instead , the advanced economies need a medium-term plan to restore competitiveness and jobs via massive new investments in high-quality education , job training and human-capital improvements , infrastructure , and alternative\/renewable energy .
In addition to explicit protectionist measures , governments now plan actions that will affect others across the globe . For example , the large volume of public debt that industrial countries will issue will undoubtedly raise interest rates and affect developing country governments ' borrowing costs .
Yet this is likely to have little or no effect on Sharon 's intention to carry through with the plan .
He is determined that his plan becomes his political legacy .
Moreover , Sharon made sure that his main political rivals - notably former Prime Minister Benjamin -LRB- Bibi -RRB- Netanyahu - supported his plan .
In addition , many Sharon supporters , torn by what they saw as the plan 's combination of costs and benefits , stayed home or even voted against it , but still want Sharon as their leader .
The passionate debate stirred up by Sharon 's plan shows how truly revolutionary his proposal is .
The plan also entails considerable strategic risks , which , probably more than the prospect of uprooted settlements , account for the large `` no '' by Likud members .
The United States and Britain have supported the withdrawal plan , while most other European countries have been critical .
While demanding an Israeli withdrawal for years , the Palestinian leadership opposes Sharon 's plan , arguing it is intended to create permanent borders .
Sharon was considered a certain victor in the planned March elections , for which he had organized his own Kadima -LRB- Forward -RRB- party , attracting leading figures from the Labor party on the left and the Likud party on the right .
This contact group could promote dialogue between India and Pakistan about their respective interests in Afghanistan and about finding a solution to the Kashmir dispute ; seek a long-term political strategy from the Pakistani government for the future of the tribal agencies ; move Afghanistan and Pakistan toward discussions on frontier issues , and promote a regional plan for economic development and integration .
Rudi provided a simple explanation .
They plan and design headline-grabbing attacks using every means of communications to intimidate and break the collective will of free people .
Free governments must make communications planning a central component of every aspect of this struggle .
But after Darwin and natural selection , we have a non-God-driven explanation for adaptation , making it possible to be a non-believer , even in the face of design-like organisms and their parts .
Even so , Fola 's ideal plan will reach only a small portion of those who need therapy .
When they voted on the components to be included in the country 's submission , the HIV\/AIDS and tuberculosis plans were accepted but the malaria component was rejected due to its low quality .
Presidents must pressure their planning , education , and finance ministers to work with the health ministry and other key stakeholders to create a national plan that focuses the government 's energies .
Not only is US aid a tiny fraction of what it should be , but American explanations for the lack of aid are wrong .
It is widely accepted that oil , not terror , was the original motivation of the war -- a war planned by Mr. Bush 's senior advisors during the 1990 's , and made possible by their accession to power in 2001 .
Donors are rallying for food aid , but they are resisting the obvious need to help the poorest million farmers -LRB- and their four million dependents -RRB- get soil nutrients and improved seeds in time for the planting season this autumn .
At the same time , increased educational opportunities for girls and women , and low-cost contraceptives provided by family-planning services , would empower them to marry later and have fewer children .
On a crowded planet with threats to our climate , oceans , forests , food production , and water supply , and with global travel and high population densities increasing the risk of worldwide disease epidemics , we must turn to the best of our scientific and engineering knowledge to find a safe passage .
There are now 6.5 billion people on the planet , almost four billion people more than fifty years ago .
As human populations crowd new parts of the planet and come into contact with new animal habitats , new infectious diseases spread from animals to humans .
Other colleagues at the Earth Institute , and in similar research institutes , are making careful estimates of how these risks are evolving in view of changes in our planet 's climate , population , and patterns of international travel and human settlement . But political leaders are not using this kind of scientific information adequately , owing mainly to deep divides that persist between the scientific community , politicians , and the general public .
Politicians , in general , are experts at winning votes or building alliances , rather than at understanding the underlying global processes of climate , energy , disease , and food production that affect all of our planet 's inhabitants .
The bad news is that the threats will almost surely intensify in the coming years , as our planet becomes even more crowded and subject to man-made change .
The Nordic countries are not `` socialist '' economies , based on state ownership and planning , but `` social welfare '' economies , based on private ownership and markets , with public provision of social protection .
Palestinian extremists insist that Israel is simply plotting to maintain its occupation over all of Palestine and that withdrawal from Gaza or announced plans to withdraw partly from the West Bank are merely tactical , without giving up real control over land , transport , water , defense , and other attributes of sovereignty .
Crass tribalism now threatens to overwhelm all that unites us in our common care for our children , our planet , and our future .
With the recent elections in the United States and the rise of Asia 's global influence , there is an opportunity to turn the world 's attention to the most critical challenges facing our planet .
The UN also has the unique role and opportunity to offer leadership in building a global consensus around vital long-term environmental and economic challenges facing the planet .
This is causing climate change , which is accelerating and poses serious risks to the planet .
We humans are now so aggressively fishing , hunting , logging , and growing crops in all parts of the world that we are literally chasing other species off the planet .
As the planet warms , and rain and storm patterns change dramatically , many species will find themselves in climate zones that no longer support their survival .
Soon after the summit , I was invited to a small , high-level meeting to discuss the summit 's follow-up . I asked for a spreadsheet showing the year-by-year planned increases , and the allocation of those planned increases across donor and recipient countries .
Though the G-8 had made a clear promise , there was no plan on how to fulfill it ; indeed , there were clear instructions that there would be no such plan .
Moreover , unlike in 2005 , the G-8 needs to present a plan of action .
Finally , recipient countries need to be informed about the year-to-year increases in aid that they can expect , so that they can plan ahead . The increased aid should be directed at building roads , power grids , schools , and clinics , and at training teachers , doctors , and community health workers .
All of that investment requires plans and years of implementation . Aid can not be a guessing game .
The plans are already on the table , or at least on the shelf , waiting for the G-8 funding to arrive .
When a war erupts , as in Darfur , most policymakers look for a political explanation and a political solution .
The weak and only partly implemented Kyoto Protocol expires in 2012 , and the world requires a much stronger framework , one that sets a strong target for stabilizing greenhouse gases by 2050 by including agreements on ending tropical deforestation , developing high-mileage automobiles , and shifting to low CO2-emitting power plants .
The plan may not look like much , since it basically committed the world to more talking rather than specific actions , but I am optimistic for three reasons .
Likewise , the unwillingness of major developing countries such as China and India to sign on to a plan also seems to be ending , though considerable work remains to craft a global agreement to which both rich and poor countries can agree .
The plan 's main point is to establish an Ad Hoc Working Group to reach a detailed global agreement by 2009 that will set `` measurable , reportable , and verifiable '' commitments to reduce greenhouse-gas emissions .
Such commitments are to be taken in the context of `` sustainable development , '' meaning that `` economic and social development and poverty reduction are global priorities . '' The plan also calls for knowledge transfer to enable poor countries to adopt environmentally sound technologies .
The key insight is that roughly 75 % of our fossil fuel use goes for just a few purposes : to produce electricity and heat at power plants , to drive automobiles , to heat buildings , and to power a few key industries such as refineries , petrochemicals , cement , and steel .
For example , power plants can adopt solar energy or capture and safely dispose of the carbon dioxide they produce with fossil fuels -- as can large factories .
We will need a true global business plan that spells out how the new technologies are developed , tested , and adopted on an expedited basis worldwide .
But let 's see the positive message instead : 190 countries agreed on a sensible plan , and the underlying science and technology gives us realistic hopes for achieving it .
The list includes potential breakthroughs such as low-cost solar power , safe disposal of CO2 from power plants , nuclear fusion , new educational technologies , and the control of environmental side effects from nitrogen fertilizers .
The idea is that power plants and other large fossil fuel users should capture the CO2 and pump it into permanent underground storage sites , such as old oil fields .
New kinds of power plants will have to be built to make carbon capture economical , new pipelines will have to be built to transport the CO2 to storage sites , and new monitoring systems will have to be designed to control leaks .
The total solar radiation hitting the planet is about 1,000 times the world 's commercial energy use .
For example , solar power plants in America 's Mohave Desert could supply more than half of the country 's electricity needs .
Solar power plants in Northern Africa could supply power to Western Europe .
And solar power plants in the Sahel of Africa , just south of the vast Sahara , could supply power to much of West , East , and Central Africa .
The most important technology for the safe environmental use of coal is the capture and geological storage of carbon dioxide from coal-fired power plants .
The key CCS technologies have already been developed ; it is time to move from engineering blueprints to real demonstration power plants .
Indeed , most major technologies that we now take for granted -- airplanes , computers , the Internet , and new medicines , to name but a few -- received crucial public financing in the early stages of development and deployment .
Under traditional agricultural conditions , the yields of grain -- rice , wheat , maize , sorghum , or millet -- are usually around one ton per hectare , for one planting season per year .
For example , farmers around the world could reduce their water use dramatically by switching from conventional irrigation to drip irrigation , which uses a series of tubes to deliver water directly to each plant while preserving or raising crop yields .
Climate change , for example , poses dire threats to the planet that must be assessed according to prevailing scientific norms and the evolving capacity of climate science .
What kinds of power plants will be acceptable in the future ?
Either technology will depend on a national electricity grid that uses low-emission forms of power generation , such as wind , solar , nuclear , or coal-fired plants that capture and store the carbon-dioxide emissions .
Obama will need to put forward a medium-term fiscal plan that restores government finances .
At a time when the major infrastructure companies of the US , Europe , and Japan will have serious excess capacity , the World Bank , the European Investment Bank , the US Export-Import Bank , the African Development Bank , and other public investment funds should be financing large-scale infrastructure spending in Africa , to build roads , power plants , ports , and telecommunications systems .
Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has similarly surged to the forefront of global problem solving , putting forward a bold action plan on climate change and proposing new and practical means to address the MDGs .
The plans are detailed , thoughtful , credible , and based on proven successes that the government has already achieved .
Peasant farmers in Africa , Haiti , and other impoverished regions currently plant their crops without the benefit of high-yield seed varieties and fertilizers .
In addition to direct help for small farms , donors should provide more help for the research and development needed to identify new high-yielding seed varieties , especially to breed plants that can withstand temporary flooding , excess nitrogen , salty soils , crop pests , and other challenges to sustainable food production .
The 2008 planting seasons came and went with much too little additional help for impoverished small farmers .
But if the world cooperates effectively , the decline in consumer demand can be offset by a valuable increase in investment spending to address the most critical needs on the planet : sustainable energy , safe water and sanitation , a reduction of pollution , improved public health , and increased food production for the poor .
Extreme ideologies influence people when they ca n't feed their families , and when lack of access to family planning leads to an unwanted population explosion .
For example , coal plants , if they are to remain a major part of the energy mix , will need to capture and store their CO2 , a process called `` carbon capture and sequestration , '' or CCS for short . Yet this technology remains unproved .
Similarly , we will need renewed public confidence in a new generation of nuclear power , with plants that are safe and reliably monitored .
Similarly , it will take a decade of public and private investments to demonstrate the feasibility of coal-fired plants that capture their carbon dioxide .
The switchover to new technologies is not mainly a matter of negotiation but of engineering , planning , financing , and incentives .
The US will also have to decide on the renewal and expansion of its nuclear power plants , and on the use of public lands to build new renewable energy plants , especially using solar power .
Yet all of this requires a national plan , not simply a numerical target for emissions reduction .
My plea to discuss plans and strategies alongside specific emissions targets might seem to risk impeding the negotiations .
Governments in hunger-stricken regions , especially Africa , would then submit national action plans that would provide details on how they would use the donor funds to get high-yield seeds , fertilizer , irrigation , farm tools , storage silos , and local advice to impoverished farmers .
An independent expert panel would review the national plans to verify their scientific and managerial coherence .
Assuming that a plan passes muster , the money to support it would quickly be disbursed .
Two major recent success stories in aid have used this approach : the Global Alliance on Vaccines and Immunizations , which successfully gets immunizations to young children , and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , TB , and Malaria , which supports national action plans to battle these killer diseases .
This is true not only in automobiles , but also in the choice of energy systems , building designs , urban planning , and food systems -LRB- remembering that food production and transport account for around one-sixth of total greenhouse gas emissions -RRB- .
India , long feared to be a spoiler , has said that it is ready to adopt a significant national action plan to move towards a trajectory of sustainable energy .
Second , he can command the Environmental Protection Agency to impose administrative controls on coal plants and automobile producers even if the Congress does not pass new legislation .
Sure , their states need some extra help , but narrow interests should not be permitted to endanger our planet 's future .
Later , they fought the scientific evidence that sulfur oxides from coal-fired power plants were causing `` acid rain . ''
And the message is clear : large-scale use of oil , coal , and gas is threatening the biology and chemistry of the planet .
We are fueling dangerous changes in Earth 's climate and ocean chemistry , giving rise to extreme storms , droughts , and other hazards that will damage the food supply and the quality of life of the planet .
NEW YORK -- All signs suggest that the planet is still hurtling headlong toward climatic disaster .
Instead of negotiating with vested interests in the backrooms of the White House and Congress , Obama should present a coherent plan to the American people .
Strangely , despite being a candidate of change , Obama has not taken the approach of presenting real plans of action for change .
And the explanation is straightforward : the richest households fund political campaigns .
There are now seven billion people on the planet , compared to just three billion a half-century ago .
Our planet will not physically support this exponential economic growth if we let greed take the upper hand .
The single market has been crucial to making Europe one of the most prosperous places on the planet .
From his first days in office , Ban emphasized that many or most of the world 's greatest challenges come down to a simple yet stark reality : we are now a crowded , interconnected , global society , with seven billion people struggling to find a foothold on a highly vulnerable planet .
Unless and until widespread family planning and modern contraceptive services are established , expanding populations in the Horn of Africa will crash against a harsher future climate .
Robert Putnam , the leading scholar of America 's declining sense of community , has found that TV viewing is the central explanation of the decline of `` social capital , '' the trust that binds communities together .
When Intel plans a new semiconductor plant , it invites bids from various countries .
We need a plan , says the US ; we can not throw money at the problem .
When the dollar strengthened against the Euro after 1999 , the investment analysts came up with one explanation after another for why the trend would continue .
Indeed , when US equity prices reached astronomical levels in the late 1990s , the pundits and investment bankers trotted out their silly explanations and theories .
We now know that some of those explanations were deliberately fraudulent .
As world leaders gather in Johannesburg to discuss global environmental threats , many parts of the planet are battered by floods , droughts , harvest failures , massive forest fires , and even new diseases .
Most countries would feel only negative effects - disruptions of trade , higher oil prices , withdrawals of international capital , cutbacks on investment plans - without any offsetting direct stimulus .
The Bush administration has offered a range of justifications for its plans , although with a fairly consistent emphasis on weapons of mass destruction .
What is distinctive about the recent mass protests against US plans for a war against Iraq is that the February 15 event was planned ahead of time , at short notice , for a specific date , and with an explicit goal of worldwide scale .
The Internet allowed for a rapid worldwide dissemination of organizational plans at an extraordinarily low cost to the organizers .
This is what network theorists call `` self-organizing '' behavior . As each unit took its own steps , these local actions were communicated to the rest of the world through Web sites that tracked and disseminated global plans , as well as offering information , advice , and encouragement .
It is unlikely that worldwide protests will stop the Bush Administration 's war plans , but they will help shape the political , security , and economic ramifications of such a war .
Moreover , the uncertainties over war are hurting America 's economy -LRB- and economies elsewhere -RRB- , by causing a postponement of business plans and falling consumer confidence .
When UN Secretary General Kofi Annan made such a proposal , extremists on both sides denounced the plan . But moderates raised red flags , too .
The Bush administration is sticking to its game plan .
The US has to make clear that it plans to withdraw its troops quickly and entirely .
Indeed , the precipitating factor in Bolivia 's collapse was a plan to export natural gas to the US through archrival Chile , a country deeply resented since the War of the Pacific in the late 19
Fortunately , if we plan for the long term on a global scale , we can find our way through these challenges .
The environmentally sound manner for using fossil fuels in the future will involve capturing the carbon dioxide at the power plant before it is emitted into the atmosphere , and then disposing of it by somehow burying it in the ground .
Recent reporting on the bombing of Falluja has also been an exercise in self-denial . The New York Times -LRB- November 6 -RRB- wrote that `` warplanes pounded rebel positions '' in Falluja , without noting that `` rebel positions '' are actually in civilian neighborhoods .
On November 14 , the front page of The New York Times led with the following description : `` Army tanks and fighting vehicles blasted their way into the last main rebel stronghold in Falluja at sundown on Saturday after American warplanes and artillery prepared the way with a savage barrage on the district .
Only shared prosperity can truly make the planet secure .
The key to meeting the Millennium Development Goals in poor countries is an increase in investment in people -LRB- health , education , nutrition , and family planning -RRB- , the environment -LRB- water and sanitation , soils , forests , and biodiversity -RRB- , and infrastructure -LRB- roads , power , and ports -RRB- .
Better land-management practices -LRB- the re-planting of degraded forests , for example -RRB- can recharge underground water aquifers .
Help for poor countries in Africa and elsewhere to adapt to climate change should not be described as charity or aid , but rather as compensation for damages being imposed on the poorest people on the planet .
In addition to adapting to climate change , the world must also reduce future risks to the planet by cutting back on emissions of greenhouse gases , which are the source of man-made climate change .
If the world fails to mitigate future climate change , the effects of rising temperatures , increasing droughts , more numerous and severe tropical storms , rising sea levels , and a spread of tropical diseases will pose huge threats to the entire planet .
Lack of adequate foreign assistance is one of the greatest disgraces on our planet , and the United States has been the biggest laggard of all .
Sea levels are rising , and could climb sharply if global warming leads to a destabilization of the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets . In short , the scientific evidence is strong and growing that the planet is at grave risk , with many ill effects already being felt and more to come .
This will require a shift to renewable energy sources such as solar power , and perhaps nuclear power , as well as new technologies to capture carbon dioxide at power plants and then to dispose of the carbon dioxide in safe underground deposits .
As the WHO begins to plan the ICD eleventh edition and the American Psychiatric Association begins to plan the fifth edition of the DSM , one wonders how to ensure additional moral , social , and political accountability in what traditionally have been viewed as the instruments and products of science .
Who will define the norms of criminality and mental illness , conditions for which science provides the explanation ?
There is no planned collectivist economy , foreign investment is still sought , and , in general , the rules of liberal democracy still apply .
A written agreement to demobilize more than ten thousand paramilitaries by 2006 has been agreed , and plans are being laid -- including a transitional period of limited immunity from arrest so long as the cease-fire holds and the time spent under this agreement will be counted against any eventual prison sentences imposed -- to reintegrate them into civilian life .
One could argue that this is a good thing , in view of the planet 's limited carrying capacity .
Beyond these policy actions , Europe also needs to speak with one voice when dealing with monopoly suppliers such as Russia -- or , in the future , with an Iran that might one day become linked to the planned Caspian pipelines .
This ongoing discussion of the various candidates ' merits and drawbacks recalls how airplanes protect themselves from missile attacks by launching a false target .
There are 1.8 million new cases of the most serious form of kidney disease -- renal failure -- each year . Unless patients with renal failure receive a kidney transplant or undergo dialysis -- an expensive life-long procedure that cleanses the blood of toxins -- death is guaranteed within a few weeks .
The World Health Organization estimates that 5 % to 10 % of all transplants performed annually -- perhaps 63,000 in all -- take place in the clinical netherworlds of China , Pakistan , Egypt , Colombia , and Eastern Europe .
Unfortunately , much of the world transplant establishment -- including the WHO , the international Transplantation Society , and the World Medical Association -- advocates only a partial remedy .
Last spring , after the Philippines banned the sale of kidneys to foreigners , a headline in the Jerusalem Post read , `` Kidney Transplant Candidates in Limbo after Philippines Closes Gates . '' -LRB- Israel has one of the lowest donation rates in the world , so the government pays for transplant surgery performed outside the country . -RRB-
In the British Medical Journal , a leading British transplant surgeon called for a controlled donor compensation program for unrelated live donors .
In addition , we endorsed on several measures to strengthen the link between political agreement to commence operations and the provision of the necessary forces , including through usability targets and changes to NATO 's planning processes .
An alliance like NATO , in contrast to many `` coalitions of the willing , '' has the political consultation structures , proven planning mechanisms , effective command and control , and legitimacy that encourages nations to contribute to an operation .
The reaction of China 's leaders to the America 's accidental attack on China 's embassy in Belgrade in 1998 , and to the collision of an American spy plane with a Chinese plane over the Pacific , was to permit , if not foment , large anti-foreign demonstrations .
Petroleum independent until 1993 , China now consumes more and more imported petroleum every year , and power consumption is predicted to double by 2025 , requiring an average of one new coal-fired plant to come on line each week .
While US Vice President Dick Cheney denigrates the idea of energy conservation , China 's leaders have adopted a new five-year plan that commits the country to cut energy use by one-fifth , industrial pollution by one-tenth , and industrial water consumption by one-third .
It is hardly surprising that after the Games , the Chinese Communist Party 's leaders plan to vacate their retro pavilions in Zhongnanhai , the cloistered compound beside the Forbidden City , to move to a new `` campus '' adjacent to the Olympic Green , China 's new power center .
Hu and Wen have canceled national agricultural taxes , made rural schooling free , launched a new rural medical insurance plan , and guaranteed that , since there is still no title for holding private agricultural land , peasants are entitled to renew their long-term leases .
Estimates of the government 's growing aggregate liabilities -LRB- bank debt , un-funded pension plans , bonded indebtedness for infrastructural projects , etc. -RRB- range from 70 % to over 150 % of GDP .
Over the last two decades , almost every other plank of the Communist Party 's platform -LRB- world-wide people 's war , proletarian struggle leading to a classless utopia , a triumph over global capitalism , etc. -RRB- , has been abandoned .
This was not , of course , the first time someone had been detained without explanation in China , so it was not a good omen .
The old state planner Chen Yuan once cautioned that Chinese reformers had created `` a birdcage economy '' in which a capitalist bird was growing within a socialist cage .
There may be two explanations for this : for one thing , Asia 's share in European banks ' revenues has probably risen .
We were collectively irrational , but that is no explanation .
Indeed , without returning to the illusion of economic planning , these countries need to be able to set conditions for foreign investors that aim to maximize the local impact on employment , technological diffusion , strategic partnerships , and so forth . At the same time , developing countries may need to promote local private sectors and `` infant industries '' through temporary protectionist measures , which would help them to upgrade their output on the road to liberalization .
They account for 44 % of people living with HIV\/AIDS , 47 % of global CO2 emissions , and 52 % of the planet 's protected natural areas .
The planet 's most endangered ecosystems are located in developing countries , and thus depend on some of the world 's neediest communities for their preservation .
Consider climate change : few people realize that tropical forest destruction accounts for 20 % of overall carbon emissions -- more than the world 's cars , trucks , and airplanes combined .
This is the kind of progress the world needs if it is to address effectively one of the most pressing issues of our time : providing a healthy , sustainable planet for rich and poor alike .
This is one of the main aims of global taxation mechanisms , such as the International Finance Facility initiative and the Airplane Tax .
A French doctor performs a face transplant without the benefit of the usual research that would accompany such a high-risk procedure .
Chen invariably blamed the KMT for blocking sensible economic plans , but even some of his moneyed supporters knew better .
Beyond that , we need a long-term plan .
Yet we need to set to work on a plan for deploying a viable multinational force to help secure peace there , or at the very least sustain its people .
But the roadmap stipulates that additional measures are to be taken by Palestinian authorities , including arresting individuals planning or carrying out violent attacks and the `` dismantlement of terrorist capabilities and infrastructure , '' including confiscating illegal weapons from armed groups .
These younger leaders guided the Intifada , gaining stature within Palestinian society , as well as a feeling that they might soon supplant the traditional old guard of the PLO .
For example , the planned portion of the wall that reaches the settlement of Ariel , deep inside the West Bank , extends 15 kilometers inside Palestinian territories .
Such a financial `` hit '' may affect their consumption patterns , complicate their retirement plans , and even bring them to the brink of indigence .
Databases are rapidly improving in depth , and are becoming more deeply integrated with personal financial-planning Web sites .
But homebuyers are not as savvy , so they may not see the change coming or they may fail to plan for it .
Gradually , many countries , with prodding from their trade unions , now have some form of benefit protection plan for private pensions .
But it is not clear that these plans will succeed fully .
The fundamental difficulty in planning for enhanced longevity is that we do not know whether it will really happen .
Life insurance companies , drug firms , businesses providing services for the elderly , and investors in retirement real estate would all benefit from increased longevity , while defined-benefit pension plans and annuity providers would lose .
Bush has been traveling the country promoting a plan to introduce personal retirement accounts invested in stocks and bonds .
The plan assumes a 6.5 % real return for stocks -- only slightly below Siegel 's constant -- in future decades .
But we should not make plans that rely on high returns , as many -LRB- including some governments -RRB- appear to be doing .
If a poor family in subsistence farming receives no help during the year after a bad harvest , its members may eat their beasts of burden , cut down the trees that provide nutrients to the soil , sell whatever farming equipment they have , and even eat the seeds that were set aside for planting the following season .
The farmer may even plant a crop that he knows will fail .
Different crops are affected differently , and weather insurance must take account of a farm 's various crops and when they were planted -- complexities that modern information technology can solve .
Instead , those who argue that the Chinese economy is overheating cite the high rate of investment in plant and equipment and real estate , which reached 43 % of GDP in 2004 .
His idea certainly is more focused and theoretically sound than Sarkozy 's plans to protect existing jobs .
The best-known examples of such grand new cities are planned capitals , typically built near countries ' geographic center . These include Brasilia -LRB- 1950 's -RRB- , Canberra -LRB- 1910 's -RRB- , Islamabad -LRB- 1960 's -RRB- , New Delhi -LRB- 1910 's -RRB- , and Washington DC -LRB- 1790 's -RRB- .
In each of these cases , a planner built the whole city infrastructure to make it a cohesive , attractive place .
The obvious success of these cities , as both government and economic centers , attests to the fact that urban land derives value from the presence of a well-planned city there .
Where land today is cheap , it will have great value in the future if only someone takes the dramatic step of planning and creating a whole city there .
If central banks are tightening and long-term rates are n't rising , one needs some explanation .
Individual firms might have splendid investment opportunities -- to enlarge plant and equipment , capitalize on new software , or exploit new research and new training of key personnel -- but might be deterred by cash shortages or perceived macroeconomic risks .
The usual explanation of today 's scarcity and high prices focuses on explosive growth in emerging countries , China and India in particular , whose demand for scarce resources is `` insatiable . ''
The conventional `` fundamental '' explanation for that cycle relates it to political events .
That does something to your soul ... We all came back humanitarians ... We saw how fragile our planet is and yet how beautiful .
With so many vivid images of a shrinking and damaged planet , is it really any wonder that human psychology is ripe for high commodity prices ?
Commercial banks , investment banks , and hedge funds all owe their ongoing trouble to its decline , which in turn is jeopardizing the plans of companies and entrepreneurs to launch enterprises and make investments , and of households to consume .
The current stimulus and bailout plans were hatched in reaction to that dreadful week .
The G-7 countries announced a coordinated plan to fix the world economy on October 10 , and that weekend the G-20 countries endorsed the plan .
Whatever the near future holds the multitude of plans now being discussed to deal with this global crisis need to be judged with attention to the elusive and inexplicable effects they might have on confidence .
A New York-based firm , the Assura Group , has been working for four years on a plan to launch privately issued supplemental unemployment insurance to anyone .
Our first MacroShares have been for oil price risk , but plans for GDP risk are on the drawing board .
Despite a huge twenty-first century boom in cropland prices in the US that parallels the housing boom of the 2000 's , the average price of a hectare of cropland was still only $ 6,800 in 2008 , according to the US Department of Agriculture , and one could build 10-20 single-family houses surrounded by comfortable-sized lots on this land , or one could build an apartment building housing 300 people .
Of course , such land may not be in desirable locations today , but desirable locations can be created by urban planning .
David Cameron 's new government in the United Kingdom apparently came to the same conclusion when it announced plans to transfer regulatory authority from the Financial Services Authority -LRB- FSA -RRB- to the Bank of England .
They chose , without explanation , to divide debt-to-GDP ratios into the following categories : under 30 % , 30-60 % , 60-90 % , and over 90 % .
Because both countries want to avoid being blamed for scuttling a global agreement , they will work together to make their modest plans look as substantial as possible and promise to do more after Copenhagen .
The contract , awarded again to a secretive American firm , will keep US planes flying over Afghanistan , which is the paramount American goal in the region .
This means that farmers ca n't renew their own supply but must return to the monopolist for new seed each planting season .
The plan implied that the Kremlin would provide the Kadyrovs -- first Akhmad Kadyrov , and then , after his death , his son , Ramzan -- broad autonomy -LRB- independence in all but name -RRB- and huge sums of money .
If we can help them get on a low carbon path , we will have taken a giant step forward in preserving and protecting our planet while enabling them to reduce poverty and offer their citizens a better future .
The START verification provisions provide crucial information that is essential for the force-planning process .
Meanwhile , the Obama administration continues to pursue its plans for European missile defense .
They had to realize that they need a plan -- revolutionary moments are moments to be seized .
She informed me that two planes had hit the World Trade Center .
That moment , I realized , was more than just a plane crash .
How best to respond if some states can not or will not take the necessary steps to thwart terrorist planning on their territory ?
How to deal with evidence of terrorist planning gleaned from states suspected of practicing torture ?
Nonetheless , the Lisbon Treaty paves the way for planning and implementing policies needed to tackle crucial contemporary challenges , such as climate change , energy , research , technology , and tourism .
While I 've done more than the mayor requested , setting it at 82F -LRB- 27C -RRB- , I 'm still part of a feedback loop . I deal with the heat by using more energy , which leads to burning more fossil fuel , putting more greenhouse gases into the atmosphere and heating up the planet more .
For several years , some couples at risk of passing a genetic disease on to their children have used in vitro fertilization , producing several embryos that can be tested for the faulty gene and implanting in the woman 's uterus only those without it .
By selecting particular villages and providing basic health care , bed nets to stop malaria , primary education , better seeds , and other agricultural assistance , the organization aims to show that well-designed , comprehensive aid plans can , at relatively modest cost , raise people out of poverty .
In trying to account for the way British newspapers sneered at her good intentions , he said : `` My own and only explanation is that genuine goodness is threatening to those at the opposite end of the moral spectrum . ''
The legislation , which still has to pass through the House of Representatives , would require health insurance plans provided by employers to cover treatment for mental illness at a level similar to coverage for general health care . -LRB- Unfortunately , the legislation will do nothing for the 47 million Americans who have no health insurance at all . -RRB-
Harvard 's former president Larry Summers touched off one explosion in 2005 when he tentatively suggested a genetic explanation for the difficulty his university had in recruiting female professors in math and physics .
In 1981 , about four in every ten people on the planet was living in the degrading condition that the World Bank terms extreme poverty .
This outcome is not , however , very different from natural conception , for the majority of embryos conceived by sexual intercourse also fail to implant in the uterine wall , with the woman often not even knowing that she was ever `` pregnant . ''
The designer Nathalie Rykiel is reportedly planning to show the new Sonia Rykiel collection in March not in the usual vast rented area , but in the smaller space of her own boutique . `` It 's a desire for intimacy , to go back to values , '' she told the International Herald Tribune .
That achievement appeared to take us significantly closer to a world in which patients could be given cell or tissue transplants that their bodies would not reject , because the biological materials , cloned from the patients themselves , would be a perfect match .
Remarkably , this came about with no central planning , no governing body , and no overall control , other than a system for allocating the names of Web sites and their addresses .
A Cloud over Airplane Safety
PRINCETON -- When airports across Europe reopened after the closure caused by the eruption of Iceland 's Eyjafjallajökull volcano , it was not because the amount of ash in the atmosphere had dropped , but because the risk that the ash posed to airplane safety had been reassessed .
Sixteen cancer patients in critical need of bone marrow for transplants were put at risk because the matching marrow could not be flown in from the United States or Canada .
Stranded travelers , interviewed at airports , typically said that they would rather be stuck at an airport than in a plane falling out of the sky .
Air safety is slightly different , because a crashing plane can kill people on the ground , but the greatest risks by far are borne by the passengers and crew .
Well-known University of Pennsylvania bioethicist Art Caplan says that the achievement ranks as a discovery of historic significance , because it `` would seem to extinguish the argument that life requires a special force or power to exist . ''
To put this in perspective , the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization estimates that 60 billion animals are killed each year for human consumption -- the equivalent of about nine animals for each human being on the planet .
Whatever the explanation , the evidence is now accumulating that commercial fishing inflicts an unimaginable amount of pain and suffering .
The UN press release called the document a `` global action plan '' to achieve the MDGs , but it is more an expression of aspirations than a plan .
Karlan 's research , and the results obtained at stickK , suggests that most people , when they are thinking calmly , have a sense of what is in their interests , but , faced with more immediate temptations , are often unable to keep to their plans .
On our own , our tendency to yield to short-term temptations , and even to addictions , may be too strong for our rational , long-term planning .
If we all think only of our own interests , we are headed for collective disaster -- just look at what we are doing to our planet 's climate .
Many of his own men have refused to fire on their own people , instead defecting to the rebels or flying their planes to nearby Malta , so Qaddafi has called in mercenaries from neighboring countries who are more willing to obey his orders .
Yet the Security Council resolution contains no mention of the possibility of military intervention -- not even the imposition of a no-fly zone over Libya to prevent Qaddafi from using planes to attack protesters .
But Google 's plan had a catch .
Robert Darnton , Director of the Harvard University Library , has proposed an alternative to Google 's plans : a digital public library , funded by a coalition of foundations , working in tandem with a coalition of research libraries .
Darnton 's plan falls short of a universal library , because works in print and in copyright would be excluded ; but he believes that Congress might grant a non-commercial public library the right to digitize orphan books .
He tells us , for example , that what matters most now is that `` we rich people give up some of our luxuries , ceasing to overheat the Earth 's atmosphere , and taking care of this planet in other ways , so that it continues to support intelligent life . ''
On November 1 , 2001 , American planes bombed Ishaq Suleiman , a group of mud huts , because a Taliban truck had been parked in one of the streets .
We can grant that it was not the primary intention of those who planned and authorized the attack on Damadola to kill innocent people .
Robert Kaplan wisely observes that `` Indian geography is the story of invasions from a northwesterly direction , '' and `` India 's strategic challenges still inhere in this fact , '' which is why Afghanistan , to Indian eyes , is linked to the sub-continent 's history , and thus our future .
Indeed , some years back , a planned visit to Indian Ladakh by the PLA 's commander of the Lanzhou Military Region was canceled on the grounds that Pakistan had protested -- implying that Pakistan had a legitimate claim to the area .
The list of disputes between the two countries is almost endless , but Iran 's plan to enrich uranium now stands above everything else .
Mossadegh 's sin was his plan to nationalize Iran 's oil industry .
One explanation of Scandinavia 's strong performance is Sweden 's courageous product market liberalization , the reduced generosity of Denmark 's wage replacement system and the Nokia miracle in Finland .
If the sheikhs are stubborn and continue to extract as much as they had planned to extract without the G8 's restraint , the price of fuels will fall sufficiently to induce so much extra consumption among the non-participating countries that the net effect on aggregate CO2 emissions will be nil .
Second , and more difficult , the oil sheikhs and other producers of fossil fuels must be talked into postponing their extraction plans or , better yet , not to extract some of their resources at all .
There is an economic explanation for why unions based on individual trades are detrimental .
Many argue that a US recession will no longer affect the world because China has supplanted America as an engine of the global economy .
Why Does Angela Merkel Hesitate ? MUNICH -- `` Where is Angela ? '' is the question The Economist asked when Nicolas Sarkozy , Gordon Brown , and José Manuel Barroso met to prepare a European economic stimulus plan without Chancellor Merkel being present .
While US imports are declining sharply , German imports are holding up -- without any economic stimulus plan .
He is right in principle in demanding a major economic stimulus package from the German government that goes beyond the ¤ 35 billion already planned .
The explanation for this divided world is that countries like Greece , Spain , and the US , which experienced a long boom financed by huge capital imports , now face growing difficulties in finding foreign finance .
Wage policies are appropriate only for centrally planned economies .
McCain has given no details of his plans .
In the Nuremberg trial of 1946 , which laid the basis of current international law , the main charge against the Nazi leaders was that of `` planning and waging aggressive war . ''
This view draws on the ` Austrian ' theory of booms and slumps , and also Milton Friedman 's explanation of the Great Depression of 1929 .
Many details of the Obama package are unlikely to survive -LRB- if , indeed , the plan itself does -RRB- .
Hence , policies are needed to -LRB- 1 -RRB- reduce sovereign vulnerabilities , including through communicating credible medium-term fiscal consolidation plans ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- ensure that the ongoing deleveraging process unfolds smoothly ; and -LRB- 3 -RRB- decisively move forward to complete the regulatory agenda so as to move to a safer , more resilient , and dynamic global financial system .
To stabilize the price level , the economist Irving Fisher had produced a plan for a `` compensated dollar , '' which would vary the dollar 's gold value to offset rising or falling prices , in effect allowing the Fed to issue more or fewer dollars as dictated by business conditions .
In response to deflationary pressure , Fisher 's plan would have enabled banks to draw down their reserves and thus , supposedly , increase their lending -LRB- or create deposits -RRB- .
Since a higher price meant that each dollar cost less in terms of gold , the result would be the same as in the Fisher plan .
Otherwise , there is no explanation for the longevity of dictatorships such as Mubarak 's 30-year rule .
In other words , we may be reverting to that cyclical pattern that historians assumed to be axiomatic before the seemingly irreversible rise of the West implanted in them a view of linear progress toward greater reason and freedom .
Ideally , there should be a time-limited all-party agreement on a plan of action , which would represent the limit of what is politically feasible .
On this topic , there is no shortage of expert plans -- among them bond buy-backs , bond swaps , and the creation of Eurobonds , a European version of the `` Brady '' bonds issued by Latin American countries that defaulted in the 1980 's .
Every week , a preposterous coterie of European bankers and finance ministers drags itself from one capital to another to discuss which default\/restructuring plan to adopt .
Any credible bailout plan must require creditor banks to accept that they will lose at least half of their money .
In the United States ' successful Brady Bond plan in 1989 , the debtors -- Mexico , Argentina , and Brazil -- agreed to pay what they could .
In 1919 , Keynes produced a grand plan for comprehensive debt cancellation , plus a new bond issue , guaranteed by the Allied powers , whose proceeds would go to victors and vanquished alike .
The Americans , who would have had to provide most of the money , vetoed the plan .
The most damning criticism of McCain 's plan is that it would launch a new Cold War between states labeled democracies and autocracies .
The Polish Communists did not intend to build democracy ; their plan was to absorb moderate opposition groups into a partially modified political system .
Today 's most ubiquitous mechanical prime mover -- installed in nearly a billion road and off-road vehicles , water vessels , airplanes , and countless machines and tools -- is the gasoline-fueled internal combustion engine , fundamentally unchanged since the 1880 's .
Most of the world 's electricity is generated by steam turbines in fossil-fuel-burning and nuclear power plants , and , except for much larger capacities and higher efficiencies , Parsons would recognize in them every key feature of his invention , now more than 120 years old .
If the current trend in energy production continues , the earth 's average temperature will be more than 2ºC higher in 2100 than it was in 1990 , irreversibly harming the planet and conditions for human life .
This will also help national parliaments understand EU objectives and facilitate their legislative planning .
The Trans-European Transport -LRB- TEN-T -RRB- policy , which the EU is currently revising , is fundamental in this respect , because it is the master plan that will guide the development of the basic European infrastructures .
For 2004 , the central government allocated some 78 billion yuan for laid-off workers and the poor , with localities also upping their outlays . But the sad truth is that probably only about a quarter of those pushed out of their plants ever received assistance .
The Clean Development Mechanism of the Kyoto Protocol could channel $ 100 billion in funds from North to South for investment in carbon offsetting projects such as renewable energy schemes and tree planting .
The economic crisis seems to be the most obvious explanation , but perhaps too obvious .
For example , Apple 's iPhone and Boeing 's latest airplane rely heavily on Japanese-patented innovations .
Many grandiose Gaullist economic projects -- from the Concorde supersonic airplane to a national computer industry -- failed .
It would be desirable to set up joint working groups with the countries concerned to establish , monitor , and adjust individual action plans .
The European Commission is already engaged in preparing such plans . They need to be given greater substance .
A civil society component must be included in every action plan .
Individual action plans are urgently needed even before the general Wider Europe Initiative emerges .
Georgia itself needs all the help it can get , which requires an emergency action plan different from the others .
Last month , the Afghan leadership finally adopted -- albeit half-heartedly -- a transitional justice plan that could remove from power the biggest war criminals who have consolidated their grip on the country over the past five years .
Implementation of this plan would not only give a boost to the rule of law , but also would enhance security and lead to better governance .
The Secretary General has submitted a reasonable reform plan , but a majority of UN member states , acting together as the so-called G-77 , are balking , because they regard it as another step in reducing the authority of the General Assembly relative to the Security Council .
In particular , they object to the plan 's proposal to give increased powers and responsibilities to the Secretary General , whose selection is effectively in the hands of the Security Council 's five permanent members , which wield veto power .
For example , failure of management reform would fuel demands by the US Congress to withhold America 's contributions to the UN budget -- a policy that would greatly undermine America 's own interests , such as the planned expansion of the mission to stop genocide in Darfur .
The Fund plans to double its activities in the next five years , but , again , this is not enough .
The European authorities accepted a plan that would reduce the deficit gradually , but the markets were not reassured .
The only plausible explanation is that tailor-made derivatives can facilitate tax avoidance and manipulation of earnings .
Last week , France began to carry out plans to expel all non-French Roma , implicating them as a group in criminal activity , without any legal process to determine whether individuals have committed any crime or pose a threat to public order .
But the EU has a vital role to motivate , coordinate , financially assist , and monitor such efforts through an EU-level plan .
In both of these areas , Roma fall so far behind their fellow citizens that targeted measures to close the gap should be an integral part of the Europe 2020 plan .
But currency adjustments must be part of an internationally coordinated plan to reduce global imbalances .
Absent external assistance and a credible plan for restoring fiscal order , Greek sovereign debt could not be rolled over , forcing a default , probably in the form of a restructuring of Greek debt .
At this stage , the best course would be to adopt a credible multi-year plan , based on reasonable but conservative growth assumptions , to reduce deficits to sustainable levels and limit the accumulation of public debt .
First , it would include credible plans in Europe and the US to restore fiscal balance .
In the case of China , a key part of its 12th five-year plan is to shift income to the household sector , where the savings rate is high but still lower than the corporate rate .
But no one anticipated China 's abrupt shift away from a closed , centrally planned economy to a more open , market-oriented one with expanded economic freedom for individuals and enterprises alike .
China 's 12th Five-Year Plan , adopted last month , provides the road map it will follow . Yet it is not really a plan ; rather , it is a coherent interconnected set of policy priorities to support the economy 's structural evolution -- and thus to maintain rapid growth -- over the period of the plan and beyond .
International experience suggests that the balance between planning and markets shifts toward markets as countries becomes richer .
What we most need now is support for the unemployed , stable government finances with a clearly communicated deficit-reduction plan , some truth-telling about medium-term growth prospects , and an orderly healing process in which balance sheets are restored mostly without government intervention .
ASEAN is working with its partners to tackle global issues such as security , energy , and climate change , and its plans for a charter on enhanced cooperation is an encouraging first step toward creating a political architecture .
And , thanks to a partnership between the state and Islamic scholars stretching back 40 years , Indonesia has one of the most successful family-planning programs in the developing world .
Former President George W. Bush 's restrictions on funding for health programs that used condoms or other forms of contraception meant that Islamic organizations receiving any funding from the US Agency for International Development were unable to publish material promoting safe-sex and family planning .
Perhaps the best way to help Muslims is not to attempt to transplant institutions from Indonesia to the Middle East , or to give aid to `` American-approved '' moderates , but simply to listen more closely to the voices of Indonesian Islam .
And now , with the US House of Representatives having rejected the Bush administration 's proposed $ 700 billion bailout plan , it is also obvious that there is no consensus on how to fix it .
In such circumstances , is there any bailout plan that can work ?
To be sure , the rescue plan that was just defeated was far better than what the Bush administration originally proposed .
Moreover , the plan assumed that the fundamental problem was one of confidence .
Even if a bailout plan were implemented quickly -- which appears increasingly unlikely -- there would be some credit contraction .
So we may have to pray that a agreement crafted with the toxic mix of special interests , misguided economics , and right-wing ideologies that produced the crisis can somehow produce a rescue plan that works -- or whose failure does n't do too much damage .
Because it has not , even after the passage of a huge stimulus bill , the presentation of a new program to deal with the underlying housing problem , and several plans to stabilize the financial system , some are even beginning to blame Obama and his team .
Implementing the scheme will not require the support of every major developed country . This is important because the US might oppose any plan that undermines demand for Treasury bills -LRB- and thus its guaranteed access to low-cost financing -RRB- .
The real failure was that there was no agreement about how to achieve the lofty goal of saving the planet , no agreement about reductions in carbon emissions , no agreement on how to share the burden , and no agreement on help for developing countries .
If we can afford that much to save banks , we can afford something more to save the planet .
As the global economy returns to growth , governments should , of course , have plans on the drawing board to raise taxes and cut expenditures .
Rather than spurring investment in plant and equipment , low interest rates inflated a real-estate bubble .
The country has progressed from the sugar-based monoculture of 50 years ago to a diversified economy that includes tourism , finance , textiles , and , if current plans bear fruit , advanced technology .
It produces one of the finest airplanes in the world -- so good that competitors in the more advanced industrial countries have tried to impose trade barriers .
But the real explanation lies elsewhere -- and is much simpler .
Technocrats can of course reliably make an electricity plant work better .
Worse still , it is now clear that Bush never had a plan for when the war ended .
Higher aluminum prices were passed on in the price of every coke and beer can and every new airplane .
The illusion is in some of the plans being devised to deal with it .
With many countries pondering whether to adopt variants of the Bush plan , the question requires careful examination .
The anticipated increase in the fiscal deficit is striking : the central plan discussed by Bush 's Council of Economic Advisers would -- according to the Council 's own estimates -- increase America 's fiscal deficit by $ 2 trillion over the next decade .
While countries can be compensated for planting forests , they can not be compensated for avoiding deforestation .
Countries like PNG would thus be doubly better off if they cut down their ancient hardwood trees and replanted .
The rest of the world has begun to take heed , but Bush , having ignored warnings about Al Qaeda 's plans prior to September 11 , 2001 , and having not only ignored the warnings about New Orleans levees , but actually gutted funding to shore them , has not led America to do likewise .
Perhaps America , and especially Bush , will be persuaded to join the rest of the world in the fight against poverty and to protect our planet 's environment .
In facing and planning for disasters , whether natural or man-made , we must do more than hope and pray for the best .
The most likely explanation is a combination of the two , for he and Bush were pursuing the same `` starve the beast '' political strategy , which calls for tax cuts to be used to reduce revenues , thereby forcing the public sector to be downsized .
Only a few know what lies behind that innocent sounding name : USEC enriches uranium , to make both the core ingredients for atomic bombs and for nuclear power plants .
It also had responsibility for bringing out of Russia nuclear material from old Soviet warheads , and to convert that material into low enriched uranium for power plants , a true `` swords to ploughshares '' initiative .
Such concerns have found resonance in the seeming incongruity of the Bank 's tough talk on corruption and simultaneous plans to expand lending to Iraq .
For example , simply changing the color of roofs in warm climates to reflect sunlight or planting trees around houses can lead to great savings on energy used for air conditioning .
We have but one planet , and should treasure it .
Changes in education levels , unionization , and productivity are part of the explanation for this instability .
The Changing Climate On Climate Change The message , it seems , has finally gotten through : global warming represents a serious threat to our planet .
If he were truly concerned about global warming , how could he have endorsed the construction of coal-fired electricity plants , even if those plants use more efficient technologies than have been employed in the past ?
This `` coalition of the willing '' could agree to certain basic standards : to forego building coal-fired plants , increase automobiles ' fuel efficiency , and provide targeted assistance to developing countries to enhance their energy efficiency and reduce emissions .
What is at stake is not protecting domestic producers , but protecting our planet .
As an increasing share of China 's population moves to cities , those cities will have to be made livable , which will require careful planning , including public transportation systems and parks .
There is now an urgent need to finance existing food aid programs to address mounting food demands , avert further social unrest , and ensure that farmers get the costlier farm inputs they need for the next planting season .
To avoid catastrophe , the world community must also meet the urgent emergency food and planting requirements mentioned above , including more generous budget and balance-of-payments support for low-income food-importing countries .
But , as with the original plan , the long-term returns from such a commitment will be enormous .
Policies that help train the next generation of North Africans , and allow them to circulate more freely between Europe and their home countries , are a much smarter solution than the current approach , which sustains illegal migration without meeting Europe 's labor needs . This is an argument not for more migration , but for better migration -- well thought out and planned .
TOKYO -- China has now officially supplanted Japan as the world 's second largest economy .
Social unrest and confusion , as well as radiation leaks from the Fukushima nuclear power plant , continue .
As a result , more companies are likely to create and implement business continuity plans .
The government 's mistakes in so-called `` risk communication '' regarding the Fukushima nuclear plant , and its slowness in getting necessary aid to people displaced by the disaster , have once again put the stereotype on full display .
For example , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and South Korean President Lee Myung-bak met with outgoing Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan in Fukushima , near the damaged plant -- helping to ease neighboring countries ' concerns about radiation leakage .
It is planning to create a fund , backed 70 % by Brazilian financial resources , that will be dedicated to projects such as rehabilitating roads in Uruguay and Paraguay in order to enhance its neighbors ' capacities and correct economic imbalances .
Indeed , Lula 's government is planning ways to ensure that the benefits gained from oil and gas are not limited to São Paulo , Rio de Janeiro , Minas Gerais , Parana , and other regions of the developed coast .
This should come as no surprise , as the Chinese government does not plan to hold free and fair elections soon .
But , with Kosovo 's ethnic Albanian majority demanding its own state , and with Russia refusing to recognize UN mediator Martti Ahtisaari 's plan for conditional independence , the US is preparing to go it alone .
Instead of thinking what Ahtisaari deemed unthinkable , a partition of Kosovo with a small part of the north going to Serbia and the rest linked to the Kosovars ethnic brethren in Albania or a separate state , the US plans to act without the UN 's blessing , arguing that only an independent Kosovo will bring stability to the Western Balkans .
It is believed that the Armenian genocide inspired the Nazis in their plans for the extermination of Jews .
Even if this plan has not been realized , the rationale behind it should be of no little concern to Italy 's international partners .
Few missed the irony of formulating two plans that pointed in opposite directions .
Whatever this plan 's impact in practice , the political message is clear : when in doubt , Europe is better off sealing its borders .
Not bad for a summit that some feared would not happen at all : an earlier meeting planned for April in Bangkok had been disrupted by protesters -- `` red shirts '' who support ousted Thai premier Thaksin Shinawatra .
Europe is generally considered more a constraint than as a plan , more as an instrument than a vision nourished by a clear and credible idea .
The explanations range from the anthropological to the borderline racist : Indians do n't have the genes , the build , the stamina , the climate , whatever .
There are structural and infrastructural explanations : lack of training facilities , gymnasiums , running tracks , equipment , financial resources .
As evidence mounts that the attacks were planned and directed from Pakistani territory , calls for decisive action have intensified .
India 's Israel Envy NEW DELHI -- As Israeli planes and tanks exact a heavy toll on Gaza , India 's leaders and strategic thinkers have been watching with an unusual degree of interest -- and some empathy .
So India has gone to the international community with evidence to prove that the Mumbai attacks were planned in Pakistan and conducted by Pakistani citizens who maintained contact with handlers in Pakistan throughout the operation .
For one thing , there is n't another ocean on the planet that takes in Asia , Africa , and Oceania -LRB- and could embrace Europe , too , since the French department of Reunion , in the Indian Ocean , gives France observer status in IOR-ARC , and the French foreign ministry is considering seeking full membership -RRB- .
So world leaders are set to gather at the United Nations to undertake a comprehensive review , with the aim of agreeing on a roadmap and a plan of action to get to the MDG finishing line on schedule .
Possibly the biggest obstacle to more effective treatment is that the diagnostic category `` major depression '' is so heterogeneous as to be outright unhelpful when trying to decide on a therapeutic plan for an individual patient .
The explanation is not capital spending , which is normally linked to productivity growth .
This leaves the `` explanation '' to what economists call Total Factor Productivity -LRB- TFP -RRB- , a mix of several important elements , including innovation activity , a well-functioning financial system ready and willing to take risks , and organizational flexibility that facilitates rapid diffusion of new technologies .
Much of the explanation lies in the very heterogeneity of services and the greater difficulties that mutual recognition , or the `` country-of-origin principle '' -- essential in the integration of product markets -- implies for services .
Instead , it was the small and highly professional Egyptian army that crushed the uprising , to the dismay of the young officer corps , who were already well advanced in their plans to seize power .
We also know that Iran built an underground uranium enrichment plant at Natanz , hardened it against missile attack , and erected dummy buildings on the surface to conceal it from overhead surveillance .
When it asked to visit a suspect lab within the Parchin defense production plant , the Iranians stalled .
The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development therefore encourages all new EU member states that have not yet started doing so to draft credible and convincing plans for euro-zone admission .
For example , in 1995 the Smithsonian Institution in Washington sought to take a fresh look at the Enola Gay , the plane that dropped the atomic bomb on Hiroshima .
Whether we identify with the heroes or the victims , with the pilots of the plane that put an end to WWII or with the passive population subjected to the hell of atomic annihilation , we are always rooting with the `` innocents '' and the `` good guys . ''
The US continues to pressure Peru 's government to shoot down planes supposedly linked to drug trafficking , and is trying to convince Evo Morales 's new government in Bolivia to continue a failed `` war on drugs . ''
Álvaro Uribe 's plans for a third term were dashed in March by the Constitutional Court , which , despite massive pressure , upheld the constitutional prohibition on serving more than two consecutive terms .
Two of the largest PBMs , Medco and CVS\/Caremark , have announced plans to conduct large-scale genotyping for many drugs .
Because they do n't visit their fields often , they rely heavily on relatives and friends . When I decided to farm wheat for the first time this spring on leased land in my childhood village , my mother agreed to supervise plowing , planting , and harvesting .
A woman at the Addis Ababa summit might have asked those calling for war , for example , to explain how , given their failure to control poorly armed militias in Somalia , the Democratic Republic of Congo , Uganda , and elsewhere , they planned to defeat Gbagbo .
Nearly a billion people on the planet manage their lives with serious water shortages , and their circumstances are only likely to worsen with climate change and rapid urbanization .
The last few years have shown how everything is interconnected , wherever you are on this planet .
Today , we are poised to take another giant step , one that will bring us back into the natural system of our planet rather than remove us farther from it .
Others are more mundane , involving long-term experiments and observation of smaller ecosystems , such as plots of prairie grass or swamplands .
Together these new areas of science will allow us to manage the ecosystems on our planet , predicting the effects of human interventions , anticipating the flow of natural cycles .
We truly have the power to become the managers of planet Earth .
In fact , our relation to the planet will be like that of a gardener to a garden .
The gardener does n't destroy his plants indiscriminately , but he does regularly pull up weeds .
The gardener does n't `` conquer '' his or her plants , but studies them to produce the garden that is desired .
Most importantly , the gardener does not manage the garden for the sake of the plants , but for some other goal - to raise food , produce flowers , or just to look pretty .
The millions of consumers exercising their right to choose in the rapidly growing supermarket chains ; the planeloads of business travelers converging on London , Zurich , and Frankfurt daily ; the holiday-makers who , having lost the Crimea , have rediscovered the Mediterranean -- all are part of a Russia beyond Putin 's Russia , one that will grow and develop even when Putin is history .
In 2008 , Medvedev was installed in the Kremlin as part of `` Putin 's plan , '' the substantive part of which was known as `` Strategy 2020 , '' a blueprint for continued economic growth and diversification .
The intervening crisis only made the Kremlin modify and sharpen its plan . And Medvedev is a key agent in its execution .
His Internet-surfing , compassionate , and generally liberal image helps recruit a key constituency -- those beyond the reach of Putin himself -- to the Putin plan .
He understands leadership and control , and does not plan to retire .
Moreover , the Obama administration , by having reset US foreign policy , removed the principal irritants in Russia-Western relations , such as the prospect of NATO enlargement to Ukraine and Georgia ; close relations with Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili , and plans for the deployment of US defensive missiles in Central Europe .
Putin plans to stay in the Kremlin for two more presidential terms , another 12 years , as he is enabled to do by the recently-amended constitution .
The feasibility of this plan is not to be taken for granted .
In his much-quoted newspaper piece , Putin denied that his new integration plans are aimed at restoring the Soviet Union under another name .
Hong Kong 's cosmopolitanism long ago planted the seeds of tolerance and respect in our approach to government .
Individual farmers were taxed until they entered the collective , and collective farms were allowed to seize individual farmers ' seed grain , used to plant the next year 's harvest .
As famine spread that summer , Stalin refined his explanation : hunger was sabotage , local Communist activists were the saboteurs , protected by higher authorities , and all were paid by foreign spies .
The Russians are Coming -- With Cash MOSCOW -- Russia 's government is sitting on a giant pile of cash that it plans to invest in foreign assets .
Russia 's government just rolled out a $ 130 billion bailout plan for the country 's banking system ; as a percentage of GDP this would be equivalent to about $ 1.3 trillion in the US -- almost double the Paulson plan .
Still , the government continues to tout plans to boost the economy .
A comprehensive and consistent reform plan was already included in then-President Vladimir Putin 's own economic agenda at the beginning of his first term in 2000 .
And , with some of the measures bound to face stiff opposition by powerful interest groups , the reforms are set to be a major test of Medvedev 's real strength -- and of his plans to run for another term as president .
Third , although the Central European countries originally announced different target dates for eurozone accession , their plans have now moved closer together , usually ranging between 2008 and 2010 .
These include higher capital ratios for systemically important banks , stricter supervision , limits on trading activity , pre-designated resolution and recovery plans , and taxes aimed not at `` getting our money back , '' but at internalizing externalities -- that is , making those at fault pay the social costs of their behavior -- and creating better incentives .
The nuclear power crisis at Japan 's Fukushima power plant has served as a dreadful reminder that events thought unlikely can and do happen .
Russia , too , has unveiled a massive nuclear-weapons modernization plan , which includes the deployment of various new delivery systems .
By placing Ukraine 's energy needs in the hands of a shadowy company linked to international criminals , the agreement has planted the seeds of new and perhaps more dangerous crises .
But without making Iran weigh real costs against its nuclear plans , Iran will have little reason to consider the suspension of uranium enrichment and plutonium dabbling -LRB- both are usable for nuclear fuel-making but abusable for bomb-making -RRB- that the Europeans and the United States have made a condition for serious negotiations to take place .
But , unlike Japan 's Fukushima nuclear crisis , Chernobyl 's real lesson is not about nuclear-plant safety . It is about official arrogance and indifference to suffering , and a cult of secrecy that allows information to be shared only among a narrow elite obsessed with stability .
What caused such arrogant unconcern for the health of those who lived near the plant , for those heroic men and women who tried to limit the damage -LRB- whom officials still treat as pawns -RRB- , and for the millions who lived beneath the radioactive cloud as it spread ?
Producing these animal products requires significantly more agricultural resources than a predominantly plant-based diet .
However , many of these plants are unable to keep up with rapid population growth and attendant increases in demand .
Coal plants currently provide more than half of America 's electricity supply .
Denmark , which houses some of the most efficient coal-fired power plants in the world , equally relies on coal for half of its electricity production .
Some argue that gas might be a better alternative to hydro or coal , but for countries that must import much of their gas the benefits of a stable and reliable source of cheap fuel in the form of coal present a very strong counter-argument to the capital costs of a gas plant .
With acid rain and other public-health hazards linked to coal combustion , more technologies are emerging for reducing harmful emissions from power plants .
Fueled by research , the past few years have witnessed the development of increasingly cleaner and more energy-efficient coal-fired generation plants and the retirement of older technologies , especially in the developed world .
And , at the height of the Libyan crisis , while NATO officials were preparing operational plans to intervene , Turkey 's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdo?an was speaking out against military action .
For example , Blueprints assumes CO2 is captured at 90 % of all coal - and gas-fired power plants in developed countries by 2050 , plus at least 50 % of those in non-OECD countries .
This is not a pleasant way of putting it , but many Americans remember how on two occasions in the former Yugoslavia - a pre-eminently European theater - Europe was helpless until American warplanes showed up ;
But today 's efforts at regional integration in Latin America seem to have a different purpose altogether . They are put forward to help the proponents of various plans jockey for power and influence on both the regional and global stage .
Were that to occur , Obama 's planned rapprochement with Iran would be strangled in the cradle .
Seventeen of the 45 blocks are being reserved for unknown companies that will be given a first right of refusal on acreage in exchange for promises to invest heavily in projects not directly related to oil production , such as new power plants and refineries .
I believe , however , that there is another explanation for these phenomena , which is based on rational calculation and information processing by institutions and traders .
He understands that Stalin was a criminal , that his order to murder Polish officers in Katyn was an act of depravity that has no excuse or explanation .
In line with Soviet traditions , a nanotechnology project was given a piece of land , with plans to set up various scientific facilities .
A wonderful plan .
Today , Pluto remains on the list of planets in science textbooks , and who knows how long it will take for it to be removed .
At the same time , South Korea will reduce the amount of fertiliser it provides for rice planting from 300,000 tons to 200,000 tons .
Indeed , in recent weeks , `` the factory of the world '' has become plagued by the closure of thousands of manufacturing plants and the threat of widespread labor unrest .
Judging from events in the last two months , its $ 560 billion stabilization plan has served its purpose , despite some public criticism that it was too hastily formulated .
Fifth , increased investment in rural areas , provided for in the government 's rescue plan , will help narrow the gap between urban rich and rural poor .
There are many layers of explanation .
His call to `` look East '' marked the beginning of an ambitious industrialization policy that culminated , during his 10th year in power , with the Vision 2020 plan to catch up with Western levels of development .
Initially , his ambitious plans to make Malaysia an economic model for developing nations exposed him to both ridicule and admiration .
This is true , but it is an insufficient explanation .
This , too , is an insufficient explanation , for no country , not even North Korea , lives in a vacuum .
Similar plans for Asia and elsewhere remain largely on the drawing board ; but the members of such organizations as the ASEAN Regional Forum , the African Union , and the Shanghai Cooperation Organization at least are talking more and more seriously about harmonizing policies on issues of common interest .
To this end , her chief policy planner , the Princeton professor Anne-Marie Slaughter , has touted the US as the favored hub of a global network of people , institutions , and relationships .
Just as the telegraph made it possible to eliminate weeks from the time it took to exchange messages overseas , and the airplane and telephone allowed leaders to interact directly with far greater frequency than ever before , today 's technologies will surely continue to alter the basic means of exchange , whether among nations , regions , or supra-regional entities .
It also planned to build a similar `` counter-terrorism training compound '' nearby in Osh , Kyrgyzstan , the site last June of the worst outbreak of fighting between ethnic Uzbeks and Kyrgyz in Central Asia 's Ferghana valley since the break-up of the Soviet Union .
Even so , Russian and Western officials continue to spar over American plans to deploy ballistic missile defense systems in Poland and the Czech Republic .
Russia 's military also must compete with foreign customers for those few warplanes , tanks , and other sophisticated weapons that are produced .
The contract also involves the construction of a power plant and a railroad connecting the mines to China through Pakistan .
But their forecast that it would come within 30,000 kilometers of our planet in 2029 -LRB- closer than some geostationary communications satellites , as well as the Moon -RRB- is more likely to please astronomers than international security experts .
Whereas advocates of abolishing nuclear weapons wanted his administration to employ a zero-based approach to nuclear planning , with the burden of proof on those seeking to retain nuclear weapons to fulfill essential military functions , the NPR presumes the continuation of current nuclear roles and missions unless convincing arguments exist to end them .
Although constraining future US BMD programs with legally binding agreements is politically untenable , US officials could inform their Russian counterparts of their long-range BMD plans without much difficulty .
The US Defense Department regularly includes such data in its budget and planning documents .
One hopeful sign is that Russian officials have recently acknowledged the impracticality of the sectoral BMD plan that Medvedev proposed at last November 's NATO-Russian Council summit .
But instead of following Russia 's reform path , Lukashenko worsened matters by reimposing central planning in industry and agriculture .
Towards a Green Nanotechnology The advent of nanotechnology , the branch of engineering that seeks to build objects molecule by molecule -- indeed , atom by atom -- has evoked futuristic images of self-replicating `` nanobots '' that perform surgery , or that convert the planet into a mass of `` gray goo '' as they consume everything in sight .
But with foresight and care , nanotechnology can develop in a manner that will improve our wellbeing and that of our planet .
The plan fell apart when some major IMF shareholders could not accept the burden-sharing arrangements that would be necessary in case of losses due to exchange-rate movements .
The new geography requires new relationships and planning strategies .
The ten-year plan was prepared in six months and debated for another six months in more than 200 public meetings before being approved by the city council in 2002 .
With this in mind , we used a new planning tool that allows building rights to drift .
We also envisage detailed neighborhood planning aimed at adding more public space .
The original plan -- like with so many of these programs -- was based on a notion of parity : Israeli and Palestinian production teams would work together .
A clearly designated `` enemy '' with an unmistakable `` plan '' is psychologically more comforting than the chaotic evolution of social norms and the workings -- or failures -- of unfettered capitalism .
There are plenty of plausible explanations .
But I do n't think any of those reasons , however compelling each one is , provide the strongest explanation of why Obama chose Hillary .
But for every such case -- South Korea is the favorite example -- there is another , like Hong Kong , where meteoric economic growth had nothing to do with centrally planned education policy .
They also set targets for the environment , because they understood its centrality to long-term economic growth , human development , and the stability of the planet .
In the next 25 years , two billion more people entering our planet will live in the developing world .
Such unprecedented and unplanned urbanization wreaks environmental havoc by increasing carbon emissions , since higher population density results in greater automobile and energy use .
The plan 's proposed congestion charge on automobile use during peak times in certain parts of the city would reduce traffic and generate revenue that would go toward improving public transportation .
Mayor Bloomberg 's plan comes at the right time for a city burdened by worsening traffic and pollution problems .
But it was the United States that first undermined the DPJ administration , by testing the new government 's loyalty with an unfeasible plan -- originally the brainchild of the George W. Bush-era US defense secretary , Donald Rumsfeld -- to build a new base for the US Marines stationed on Okinawa .
Securing the Future of Energy PALO ALTO -- Today 's huge global energy problems in no small measure reflect the essentially nineteenth-century business plans that three of the world 's largest industries are still pursuing .
Studies show clearly that , with time-of-day pricing , electrification of vehicles creates little need for new electricity-generating plants , and also that even with today 's coal-heavy electric grids , electrified vehicles emit less CO2 than gasoline - and diesel-powered vehicles .
While both policies must be regarded as successes , over the years the family planning program has contributed to an aging population that may diminish China 's attractiveness as a low-cost , labor-intensive manufacturing hub .
The EU 's reluctant number two country has served unofficial notice that it , too , does not plan to abide by its deficit-reduction promises . This comes one year after tiny Ireland received an official warning about its fiscal policies , even though Ireland 's budget was in surplus , and mightily so .
Here is a country that has long cherished its `` exception '' from the normal rules of market economics , a foggy view that rejects both central planning and free markets and claims to offer a well-balanced middle ground .
These days , no politician dares to suggest that continuing to pile up debt is the way to go , even though few are prepared to articulate a credible plan for fiscal consolidation .
Earlier plans to adopt the euro quickly have now been shelved , with the target date pushed back to 2011 or 2012 .
In barely 15 years , these countries have moved from central planning and economic backwardness to `` normal '' market economies with impressive GDP growth .
But another explanation of recent developments in the region begins by noting that post-communist reforms were largely dictated from outside , as a condition of admission to the European Union .
There is some truth in both explanations of Eastern Europe 's backsliding .
But what is the phenomenon that such explanations are supposed to clarify ?
Even more provocative are the next steps : a plan to revamp the standard work contract and to require that all workers be invited to vote after eight days of a strike .
The plan , yet to be fully articulated , is to make them accountable to all workers , not just to their membership -- another way of promoting democratic legitimacy , but this time at the heart of the social system .
But stricter and more reasonable standards should be established for courts ' approval of restructuring plans .
For example , if the required majority of shareholders adopts such a plan , the court should protect the rights of the minority of creditors who may have opposed it .
And if the liquidation rate for creditors ' common claims is defined as no lower than that at the time the draft restructuring plan was submitted for approval , compensation must be considered in the event that payment is delayed .
One key factor is that , for the first time since the United States and Britain invaded Iraq , Arab Sunni leaders are backing a US military plan for that country .
Then , on the eve of the Yemeni opposition 's planned `` Friday of Departure '' protests in late March , the United States resuscitated Saleh 's rule .
So this truce must be seen not as a piece of paper with some legal significance , but as a young plant that needs to be tended to , watered , nursed , and protected , so that it grows into a strong and robust tree that can not be uprooted with an occasional Qassam rocket or a stray grenade .
Economic interests are supplanting ideology as the motor of politics , and money serves as the key instrument in elections .
These impacts will clearly hit the planet 's worst-off inhabitants hardest : the `` bottom billion '' who already bear the heaviest burden of disease , poverty , conflict and malnutrition .
Long-term development may give countries more capacity to soften the impact of climate change on the environment and citizens ' health , but in the meantime the planet 's poorest people will need help from the rich .
The sudden discontinuation of the supply of petroleum and natural resources from Russia in the early 1990 's , the failure of the centrally-planned economy , and the subsequent massive famine in the mid-1990 's left North Korea 's leaders no alternative but to tolerate informal market activities .
With 88 nuclear power plants currently operating in South Korea , Japan , and China , the initiative is an important one .
Indeed , any breakthrough to the sort of trust needed to resolve these festering security disputes will require that the three countries establish their annual gatherings as a meaningful multilateral body in its own right -- one that can address major issues in dispute and plan for a better regional future .
But , as the Saudis also want Syria to be included in King Abdullah 's regional peace plan , and with the US planning to hold a regional peace conference in November , they are not looking for an open-ended confrontation with Assad .
China 's progress over the past three decades is a successful variation on the East Asian growth model that stems from the initial conditions bequeathed by a planned socialist economy .
There are serious plans to turn the Sahara desert 's heat and sunlight into Europe 's major power source , supplying energy to half a billion people .
By 2020 , it plans to get 47 % of its electricity from renewables .
Spain was among the first countries to introduce a national energy plan aimed at promoting renewable energy sources and reducing greenhouse-gas emissions .
So let 's plan for the inevitable , and develop the relevant policies , technologies , and institutional infrastructure as soon as possible .
`` The administration plans over a number of years to put a substantial amount of money into agricultural development , '' Obama 's choice for Secretary of State for African Affairs , Johnnie Carson , said in advance of the president 's trip .
Seven of the planned 80 dishes in the network have been built .
`` There are a lot of surprising innovations coming from South Africa , '' says David Kaplan , an economist at the University of Cape Town who specializes in tracking technological change . `` But the gap between esoteric knowledge and economic applications remains large . ''
After graduation , she joined the Millennium Village project , which gives her wide latitude to innovate , together with the resources to set in motion her inspired plans .
Desperate for more education , this fall she plans to attend graduate school for computer science -- in China , not America .
Africa boasts the world 's fastest-growing market for wireless telephony , and Huawei -- with offices in 14 African countries -- is running away with the business , sending scores of engineers into the bush to bring a new generation of low-cost technology to some of the planet 's poorest people .
Old nuclear-power plants in seismic zones have a similar payoff structure .
French reluctance to subject its nuclear plants to European regulation determined by its nuclear-skeptical neighbors is comparable to British efforts to prevent major European harmonization of financial-market rules , owing to the importance of its financial sector .
If each nuclear-power plant was obliged to insure against the risk that it imposes on society -LRB- within and outside the country of its location -RRB- , it would face the true economic cost of its activities .
In this ideal world , insurance for individual plants would be linked to factors that can and can not be influenced , such as location in a densely populated area and the local population 's risk-averseness .
Furthermore , risk assessment should be linked to individual plants ' risk factors , such as location in a seismic zone , secondary containment , safety redundancies , etc. . Plants in densely populated areas with lower safety standards , for example , would face higher insurance costs , which could lead to a self-selected phase-out of the riskiest plants .
First , it is virtually impossible to assess individual plants ' risk profiles correctly .
Many other developing countries simply can not emulate this success in all respects ; they must formulate plans specific to their own natural endowments , institutions , and business environments .
Billions of dollars are flowing into auto , steel , chemical , and high-tech electronics plants , setting the stage for China to be a major exporter of high-end products .
Paulson 's plan would create a charitable institution that provides welfare to the rich -- at taxpayers ' expense .
Aside from costing billions of taxpayer dollars , Paulson 's plan violates the fundamental capitalist principle that whoever reaps the gains also bears the losses .
But in this case , the government does not have to bail out the debt-holders of Bear Sterns , AIG , or any of the other financial institutions that will benefit from Paulson 's plan .
Since we do not have time for Chapter 11 proceedings and we do not want to bail out all the creditors , the lesser evil is to do what judges do in contentious and overextended bankruptcy processes : impose a restructuring plan on creditors , with part of the debt forgiven in exchange for equity or warrants .
We are even better at refuting potential explanations .
