A series of ill-planned military operations in the tribal areas further complicated the situation in the volatile border region .
Indeed , she even persuaded other important political leaders to participate in the planned January 8 election , which she viewed as an opportunity to challenge religious extremist forces in the public square .
Meanwhile , President George W. Bush has said that `` if another September 11-style attack is being planned , it probably is being plotted in Pakistan and not Afghanistan . ''
Dispatching additional NATO troops , in addition to the planned EU mission , to supervise Kosovo independence would be helpful .
The United States ' planned withdrawal of troops from Asia , which President George W. Bush announced on August 16 , need not harm peace and stability in the region and particularly in Korea .
But the impact of America 's planned troop withdrawals is felt most keenly in South Korea .
But lower oil prices , coupled with expectations of a decline in demand , would in turn put pressure on oil-producing countries to reduce planned investments in production capacity or even to mothball major projects , as they have done in the past , leading to a decline in oil supplies .
Reforms of the labor market , the pension system , and those underway or planned in many sectors and professions -- all of which generate huge reserves for enhanced growth and , therefore , hope -- reflect a profound change in the public 's perception of the country 's long-term needs .
We planned to spend the Christmas and New Year holidays in Freetown before returning to Nigeria early in 1999 .
Then , on August 8 , Putin launched the second act of this Russian tragedy , his long-planned attack on Georgia .
Finally , the EU insists that Russia abolish planned prohibitive export tariffs on lumber .
The rapid growth of China , India , and other emerging countries should come with increased influence , to be implemented through the planned quota increase in 2011 .
This could help to avoid a repeat of Iran 's experiences after its 1979 revolution , when contracts for fuel and technology for its planned nuclear power program were not honored .
Furthermore , the market price would incorporate inferences made from the executive 's notice of the planned sale .
The obstinate battle cry of the Bush administration in Iraq has now won out in Obama 's planned surge of an additional 30,000 troops in Afghanistan .
It was a major contribution , they said , to the development of a planned NATO missile shield for Europe .
The assassinations -- allegedly by Israel -- of Imad Mughniyah , Hezbollah 's military chief and Iran 's closest ally in the organization , two years ago , and more recently of Mahmoud al-Mahbouh , Hamas 's liaison officer with the Al-Quds force of Iran 's Revolutionary Guards , suggest that an unplanned chain of events could trigger a real war .
What Israel planned as a preemptive attack on Iran might then be presented as an act of self-defense .
Neither the planned sanctions nor the recently published US Nuclear Posture Review , a far less revolutionary document than expected , will curb Iran 's nuclear appetite .
In an era of ballistic missiles and other weapons of mass destruction , and in which the planned Palestinian state is supposed to be demilitarized , why is it so vital for Israel to see its army `` sit along the Jordan River '' ?
And the Kremlin is aggressively portraying the planned establishment of a modest US missile defense installation in Poland and the Czech Republic as a threat to Russia 's vital security interests .
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission in the United States generally separates unplanned nuclear `` events '' into two classes , `` incidents '' and `` accidents . ''
These concerns require that fiscal exit strategies be planned , announced , and implemented soon , before the stimulus programs become permanently entrenched , develop powerful dependent constituencies , and greatly increase the risk of rising interest rates , inflation , and taxation .
Attacks on pipelines have recently intensified ahead of a planned summit meeting between the government and various militia leaders , as small groups of militants stage attacks on oil infrastructure in the Delta to establish their relevance and win a potentially lucrative seat at the negotiating table .
In Colombia , seven new joint military installations are planned , and support for US private contractors who have cornered the market in crop fumigation presumably will not be interrupted .
Some passionately discussed economic reform , others talked about developing culture , while still others planned to reform education and the scientific establishment or assure the defense of the environment .
There was considerable public anger in Pakistan at the way British Prime Minister David Cameron handled such suspicions , some of which was directed at President Asif Ali Zardari , who decided to proceed with a planned official visit to London despite Cameron 's harsh language .
Lt. Gen. Ahmad Shuja Pasha , the head of the ISI , canceled his planned visit to London , where he was to discuss intelligence matters , while the civilian leadership seemed to dither .
Meanwhile , consider the case of another unappealing man , the Dutch politician Geert Wilders , who was banned last month from entering the United Kingdom , where he had planned to show his short film , entitled Fitna , which describes Islam as a terrorist faith .
Second , Moreno-Ocampo has inexplicably decided to indict only Sudan 's president and not also the other members of the political and military leadership that together with him have planned , ordered , and organized the massive crimes in Darfur .
Those disputes are bound to worsen , given China 's new focus on erecting mega-dams , best symbolized by its latest addition on the Mekong -- the 4,200-megawatt Xiaowan Dam , which dwarfs Paris 's Eiffel Tower in height -- and a 38,000-megawatt dam planned on the Brahmaputra at Metog , close to the disputed border with India .
In addition , China has planned the `` Great Western Route , '' the proposed third leg of the Great South-North Water Diversion Project -- the most ambitious inter-river and inter-basin transfer program ever conceived -- whose first two legs , involving internal rivers in China 's ethnic Han heartland , are scheduled to be completed within three years .
Will the planned elections in Iraq be regarded as legitimate internally as well as externally ?
With America 's planned defense budget increases , the trans-Atlantic gap in military capability will become a chasm .
A final science of man has no room for the unplanned and unpredictable recovery that is the only kind a capitalist economy can have after a crisis of this size .
Sixth , establish well-planned and synchronized programs for demobilization , disarmament , and reintegration , which are sine qua non for making the transition from war to peace irreversible .
At such a time , central banks must step in and set the price of liquidity at a reasonable level -- make it a centrally-planned and administered price -- rather than let it swing free in response to private-sector supply and demand .
The best hope for most North Koreans is the subterranean market economy that fills the gaps in the state 's planned economy and public distribution system .
In a time of political and economic transition -- for example , the shift from authoritarianism to democracy and from a centrally planned to a free market economy -- many jobs are on the line .
This is not to say that educational development is a field where foreign assistance is inappropriate . But because there are limits to what foreign assistance can achieve , it needs to be planned carefully .
Burma 's rulers have said that the vote will be delayed in the areas hardest hit by the cyclone until May 24 , but the referendum will still go ahead as planned in other parts of the country .
Many of us would resist such a world -- not because such a world would be unjust , or because it would lead to more pain and suffering , but because of the extent to which it has been planned and engineered .
After all , although modern market economics provides a sound framework for policymaking -- as Chinese bureaucrats are eagerly learning -- the idea of a planned economy emerged in the nineteenth century as a counter-orthodoxy to address market failures .
Indeed , the type of central government inherited from the old planned economy , with its over-stretched growth plans , causes fluctuations , and contributed significantly to instability in the early 1980 's .
In the next five years , more efforts in that direction are planned .
So every planned euro of deficit reduction delivers less than a euro of actual deficit reduction .
That means that planned tax increases and cuts in basic government spending would have to be even larger than 10 % of GDP in order to achieve a 3 % - of-GDP budget deficit .
As for the economic crisis , bailouts and stimulus packages on the order of billions of dollars , euros , yen , or yuan have been planned or implemented to stem the further slide of the global economy .
According to one story , possibly apocryphal , in the 1970 's , the Islamic insurgency in Iran was initially planned using material delivered through porn-related channels because the mosques were so tightly controlled .
They constitute a small but well organized group that wields immense lobbying power to block efforts to limit CO2 emissions by putting a price on them , as the planned US cap-and-trade system would have done .
But that planned monetary union , until recently envisaged to be launched in 2009 , has now been put on ice .
Terrorism and Counter-Terrorism Reconsidered The arrests in London of 21 terrorists who appear to have planned to blow up a number of airplanes over the Atlantic reminds us , if any reminder is needed , of the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington of September 11 , 2001 .
Chinese officials have said that the crisis that began in the United States will not slow down long-planned reforms in China 's financial markets .
On the island , such planned harassments are called `` actos de repudio '' -- `` acts of rejection . ''
The coalition partners party institutions may exert massive influence over planned reforms , even to the point of stopping them .
Things are not turning out as planned .
President Bush 's comparison of the capture of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed -LRB- reputed to have planned the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon -RRB- to the liberation of Paris in 1944 was certainly hyperbolic , but the arrest was a political blessing for the US President all the same .
But what a difference ! Then there was a powerful communist party , closely aligned with the interests and policies of the Soviet Union . Now the party of protest is unambiguously the party of historical losers : in the East , of Germans who are nostalgic for the planned economy and society of state socialism ; in the West , of critics of the SPD who lost a power struggle with Gerhard Schroeder .
As a result , even good decisions are incompletely planned . So the risk of error is rising .
At several crucial moments , he established himself as the only person who could rise to the challenges of transforming Russia from a dictatorship into a democracy , from a planned economy into a free market , and from an empire into a medium-ranked power .
The problem is that we have heard it all before from Putin -- another trained lawyer -- at the start of his presidency , when he promised a `` dictatorship of law , '' military reform , land reform , and , consequently , a return of Russia 's agriculture dream , ruined by the post-1917 planned economy .
His father 's plan for `` Germania , '' the name Hitler selected for the Berlin that he planned to construct after World War II , also relied on such a mighty central axis .
Ali Ben Bongo 's accession in Gabon showed that even sizeable challenges posed by a largely unplanned transition can be overcome , but in Cameroon the succession is likely to be less smooth .
But if we want to be partners in the development of modern defensive systems , we must negotiate in good faith , not bargain hard just to walk away in a pre-planned way at the end .
But the ECB has made it clear not only that interest rate cuts are not on the table -- it is merely postponing , not abandoning , the interest rate increase originally planned for September .
The longer the ECB maintains its inflationary bias , the steeper the consequent economic decline as the economy crumbles under the weight of the skyrocketing euro and interest rates that are too high for current economic realities -LRB- though lower than where the ECB hawks had planned to go before the current financial crisis hit -RRB- .
But America failed to develop a coherent public rationale for its planned deployment of a system designed to destroy a missile fired by a rogue regime .
Unlike the Iraq operation , the planned missile defense deployment will almost certainly require approval by the Polish parliament . This approval can not be taken for granted .
In January 2009 , church officials in the town of Luleå canceled a planned torch-light procession for Holocaust Memorial Day , with a spokesman saying that they were `` preoccupied '' and `` grief-stricken '' by Israel 's Operation Cast Lead in Gaza .
Senegal under Wade has succeeded in irrigating only 15 % of a planned 250,000 hectares , and now imports some 80 % of the rice that it consumes .
Addressing them successfully would allow the country to generate the savings needed to meet its huge looming public-investment requirements : expansion of productive infrastructure -LRB- roads , ports , and airports -RRB- in order to remove severe bottlenecks to faster non-inflationary growth ; unprecedentedly large planned investment in oil exploration and electricity generation ; and forthcoming international sporting events -LRB- the World Cup and the Olympic Games -RRB- that Brazil will host in the next few years .
PARIS -- In 2003 , France , under President Jacques Chirac , took the lead in opposing America 's planned invasion of Saddam Hussein 's Iraq .
But the success of the planned reforms depends heavily on cooperation between Lebanon 's main political groups , the Sunni and the Shia , and there has been little of that so far .
Whether denunciations of the detentions at Guantanamo and the planned military tribunals are driven by genuine concerns about human rights or by glee at pointing out American hypocrisy , the effect is the same .
But , as the costs of responding to Katrina mount , adding to the federal deficit , it seems difficult to proceed as planned .
While far from perfect , the first round in the fight went to the US . Al-Qaeda lost the sanctuaries from which it planned its attacks ; many of its leaders were killed or captured ; and its central communications were severely disrupted .
Fortunately , there is a multilateral option and an existing precedent . In the mid-1970 's , many parties to the NPT planned to import and develop enrichment and reprocessing facilities .
A minute of silence for the victims of unarrested war criminals might be a more appropriate way to pay tribute to the Council 's core values of human rights and justice than attending the party now being planned in Belgrade .
Now you have to publish your entire theory right away , before someone else gets the credit . It nearly kills you , but you get the book out -- only an abstract of the magnum opus that you had planned -- by the end of the next year .
Slower growth in the new member states could also delay the planned introduction of the Euro , which in turn could deter many Western companies from investing in the region .
Therefore , the political response to rising inequality -- whether carefully planned or the path of least resistance -- was to expand lending to households , especially low-income households .
They will thus be net security contributors rather than mere consumers , making our Alliance even stronger . Deepening Partnerships : The attacks of `` 9\/11 '' were masterminded by a Saudi who lived in Central Asia , planned by people from the Eastern and Southern shores of the Mediterranean living in Western Europe , and carried out in North America .
In agriculture and industry , price efficiency was achieved not by abolishing quotas and planned allocations , but by allowing producers to trade at market prices at the margin .
Yes , I did not ask Hal what , exactly , he planned to do with my money -LRB- would he use it to fix his plumbing , to help his business , or would he waste it somehow ? -RRB- .
Debt crises tend to come out of the blue , hitting countries whose debt trajectories simply have no room for error or unplanned adversity .
Return to the Abyss NEW YORK -- One interpretation of financial crises is that they are , in Nassim Taleb 's phrase , `` black swan '' events -- unplanned and unpredictable occurrences that change the course of history .
And Germany should cut taxes temporarily -- rather than raising taxes , as planned -- in order to increase disposable income and stimulate German demand for the periphery 's goods and services .
To a visitor , this is evident in sleek but empty airports and bullet trains -LRB- which will reduce the need for the 45 planned airports -RRB- , highways to nowhere , thousands of colossal new central and provincial government buildings , ghost towns , and brand-new aluminum smelters kept closed to prevent global prices from plunging .
Sharon was considered a certain victor in the planned March elections , for which he had organized his own Kadima -LRB- Forward -RRB- party , attracting leading figures from the Labor party on the left and the Likud party on the right .
It is widely accepted that oil , not terror , was the original motivation of the war -- a war planned by Mr. Bush 's senior advisors during the 1990 's , and made possible by their accession to power in 2001 .
Soon after the summit , I was invited to a small , high-level meeting to discuss the summit 's follow-up . I asked for a spreadsheet showing the year-by-year planned increases , and the allocation of those planned increases across donor and recipient countries .
What is distinctive about the recent mass protests against US plans for a war against Iraq is that the February 15 event was planned ahead of time , at short notice , for a specific date , and with an explicit goal of worldwide scale .
There is no planned collectivist economy , foreign investment is still sought , and , in general , the rules of liberal democracy still apply .
Beyond these policy actions , Europe also needs to speak with one voice when dealing with monopoly suppliers such as Russia -- or , in the future , with an Iran that might one day become linked to the planned Caspian pipelines .
For example , the planned portion of the wall that reaches the settlement of Ariel , deep inside the West Bank , extends 15 kilometers inside Palestinian territories .
The best-known examples of such grand new cities are planned capitals , typically built near countries ' geographic center . These include Brasilia -LRB- 1950 's -RRB- , Canberra -LRB- 1910 's -RRB- , Islamabad -LRB- 1960 's -RRB- , New Delhi -LRB- 1910 's -RRB- , and Washington DC -LRB- 1790 's -RRB- .
The obvious success of these cities , as both government and economic centers , attests to the fact that urban land derives value from the presence of a well-planned city there .
We can grant that it was not the primary intention of those who planned and authorized the attack on Damadola to kill innocent people .
Indeed , some years back , a planned visit to Indian Ladakh by the PLA 's commander of the Lanzhou Military Region was canceled on the grounds that Pakistan had protested -- implying that Pakistan had a legitimate claim to the area .
If the sheikhs are stubborn and continue to extract as much as they had planned to extract without the G8 's restraint , the price of fuels will fall sufficiently to induce so much extra consumption among the non-participating countries that the net effect on aggregate CO2 emissions will be nil .
He is right in principle in demanding a major economic stimulus package from the German government that goes beyond the ¤ 35 billion already planned .
Wage policies are appropriate only for centrally planned economies .
For example , failure of management reform would fuel demands by the US Congress to withhold America 's contributions to the UN budget -- a policy that would greatly undermine America 's own interests , such as the planned expansion of the mission to stop genocide in Darfur .
But no one anticipated China 's abrupt shift away from a closed , centrally planned economy to a more open , market-oriented one with expanded economic freedom for individuals and enterprises alike .
Policies that help train the next generation of North Africans , and allow them to circulate more freely between Europe and their home countries , are a much smarter solution than the current approach , which sustains illegal migration without meeting Europe 's labor needs . This is an argument not for more migration , but for better migration -- well thought out and planned .
Not bad for a summit that some feared would not happen at all : an earlier meeting planned for April in Bangkok had been disrupted by protesters -- `` red shirts '' who support ousted Thai premier Thaksin Shinawatra .
As evidence mounts that the attacks were planned and directed from Pakistani territory , calls for decisive action have intensified .
So India has gone to the international community with evidence to prove that the Mumbai attacks were planned in Pakistan and conducted by Pakistani citizens who maintained contact with handlers in Pakistan throughout the operation .
A woman at the Addis Ababa summit might have asked those calling for war , for example , to explain how , given their failure to control poorly armed militias in Somalia , the Democratic Republic of Congo , Uganda , and elsewhere , they planned to defeat Gbagbo .
Were that to occur , Obama 's planned rapprochement with Iran would be strangled in the cradle .
It also planned to build a similar `` counter-terrorism training compound '' nearby in Osh , Kyrgyzstan , the site last June of the worst outbreak of fighting between ethnic Uzbeks and Kyrgyz in Central Asia 's Ferghana valley since the break-up of the Soviet Union .
But for every such case -- South Korea is the favorite example -- there is another , like Hong Kong , where meteoric economic growth had nothing to do with centrally planned education policy .
Such unprecedented and unplanned urbanization wreaks environmental havoc by increasing carbon emissions , since higher population density results in greater automobile and energy use .
Then , on the eve of the Yemeni opposition 's planned `` Friday of Departure '' protests in late March , the United States resuscitated Saleh 's rule .
The sudden discontinuation of the supply of petroleum and natural resources from Russia in the early 1990 's , the failure of the centrally-planned economy , and the subsequent massive famine in the mid-1990 's left North Korea 's leaders no alternative but to tolerate informal market activities .
China 's progress over the past three decades is a successful variation on the East Asian growth model that stems from the initial conditions bequeathed by a planned socialist economy .
Seven of the planned 80 dishes in the network have been built .
