But Fatah has not accepted defeat , while Hamas is convinced that elements within Fatah agree with Israeli and American plans to topple the Hamas government .
Moreover , Hamas has announced plans to recruit 1,500 additional security personnel for the West Bank , Fatah 's stronghold .
Most recently , Iran 's government announced plans to enrich its uranium to levels that appear incompatible with civilian use and that defy several United Nations Security Council resolutions .
Similar moves are afoot throughout Europe , where the generosity of state-sponsored pension plans has become unsustainable , but reforming the system is almost impossible politically .
This means less control and direct oversight of the bureaucracy , and an increased incentive to spend the day thinking up big plans rather than concentrating on targeted improvements .
As soon as French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy decided to leave the government and start campaigning for the presidency , incumbent President Jacques Chirac abandoned all plans for reforms that might antagonize voters .
Worsening the injustice , in at least one case the Court 's decision came too late for the companies involved to go ahead with their plans .
Now we see -- though the lifting of the Union 's arms embargo may now be delayed thanks to US pressure and Chinese aggressiveness -- that the European Union has become merely a tool for corruption when France and China draw up joint action plans .
Moreover , the US plans to strengthen South Korea 's own forces by supplying some $ 11 billion worth of high-technology equipment over the next five years .
In spite of these possibilities , let 's assume that plans for energy independence succeed , and that several European countries , the United States , Japan , China , and India become self-sufficient .
Its supporters in Iraq might cripple Iraqi oil exports from Basra , which would damage US plans in Iraq while boosting Iran 's oil revenues , or limit the availability of fuel to the US Army by attacking roads and bridges , especially the Kuwait City-Baghdad highway .
This must now be followed by closer budgetary monitoring , particularly given that fiscal stimulus measures , the economic downturn , and bank rescue plans will take a toll on public finances .
Arab elites have been engaged in a false embrace of economic reforms for decades , with countless ministerial shuffles , five-year plans , and elaborate World Bank and International Monetary Fund programs .
Leveraging a mixture of administrative guidance and monetary incentives , the city government plans to reduce the share of garments in the output of textiles products by 25 % in three years and to increase the industrial applications of chemical fibers , which promise much higher returns than apparel production . Already , according to local officials , the city 's factories have acquired the ability to mass-produce super-thin fibers first designed in Japan .
Then our plans went awry .
Russia 's best special forces were sent to Beslan , but they were not given ammunition , body armor , battle plans , or operative command .
The two biggest issues in Bucharest will be whether to invite Albania , Croatia , and Macedonia to join NATO , and whether to offer applications to Ukraine and Georgia to start so-called `` membership action plans . ''
The current crisis is obviously the first serious test for Olmert and his plans for further withdrawal from Israeli-occupied territories .
Instead , they prefer to fall back on military-dominated plans for strengthening the capacity of the Afghan army and police , while heeding domestic pressure to demonstrate that Afghanistan will not be an endless conflict .
Indeed , there is a worrying aspect to the new plans : they must tread a narrow path between reckless freedom for financial institutions , which contributed to the recent global financial crisis , and over-caution , which can suffocate innovation and create inefficiencies .
CAMBRIDGE -- Goldman Sachs announced this month plans to provide bonuses at record levels , and there are widespread expectations that bonuses and pay in many other firms will rise substantially this year .
For example , regulatory standards could require equity-based plans to preclude managers from cashing out awarded shares and options during a certain minimum period after vesting .
China plans to double its hydropower capacity to over 120 GW by 2010 and to build more hydropower-projects for at least another 20 years .
On her recent trip to Israel , Rice had to listen to four different peace plans from the prime minister , the foreign minister , the minister for strategic threats , and the defense minister .
But there is no need to reinvent the wheel , because the solution to the Arab-Israeli conflict is embodied in the main peace plans that are already on the table : the Clinton peace parameters , and the all-Arab peace initiative .
The participation of Under Secretary of State William Burns in the European dialogue with Iran , together with plans to station American diplomats in Teheran for the first time since the 1979 Islamic Revolution , represents a momentous shift in America 's policy , and also an indication to Israel to refrain from a military strike .
Obama 's Middle East JERUSALEM -- President-elect Barack Obama 's plans for the Middle East , the region where his predecessor 's policies shattered America 's standing around the world as a benign superpower , represent a welcome departure from President Bush 's grand design to redress the region 's ills through `` constructive chaos . ''
In fact , Israel 's top leaders have already approved the army 's plans for an invasion of Gaza , with the timing and the nature of the casus belli left open .
With peace plans and envoys coming and going , Israelis and Palestinians alike have finally become blasé about the chances of a final settlement .
Everyone should see it ; not only for its dramatization of the past , but for insights into current events , especially the controversy surrounding America 's plans to establish National Missile Defense and the various regional disputes -- India and Pakistan , Taiwan and China , North and South Korea -- that may one day escalate into nuclear conflict .
Around 180,000 US troops were prepared to invade ; plans existed for a bombing blitz bigger than that over Kosovo thirty six years later .
He insisted on being consulted by the Bush administration on US plans , and when some in Washington thought aloud about taking on Iraq after Afghanistan , the Prime Minister registered a clear veto .
If an international force simply allows Ehud Olmert 's government to pursue its plans further , the countries that provide troops for the international force will not only be seen as rubberstamping Israeli policy , but will also be dragged into its failure .
Not only have they revised their spending plans , but , in many cases , they have delayed purchases , waiting for the uncertainty to clear . The result has been a sharp drop in output and employment , reinforcing fears about the future , and further decreasing spending .
They should put in place as soon as possible credible consolidation plans that are specific in terms of not only goals , but also the tools to achieve them .
Public discussion of new ways to finance retirement pension plans , or of introducing a negative income tax , sounds sweet to economists of all stripes , but it does not exactly mobilize public opinion .
But this is the time for strong contingency plans .
Similarly , the Paper proposes that the self-employed should be admitted after an evaluation of their business plans .
Who will examine their business plans ?
And all the qualitative targets , added later in the process , have been used mainly to feed national bureaucracies preparing plans within the so-called `` open coordination method . ''
In addition to bailouts and toxic asset plans , governments worldwide want central banks to monitor macroeconomic and overall financial-sector risk -LRB- as opposed to focusing on individual firms -RRB- .
For example , French President Nicholas Sarkozy plans to borrow 52 billion euros to promote what his government guesses or hopes will be `` growth industries . ''
At the EU-China Summit , we discussed the Chinese government 's plans for ratification of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights .
Activists with grievances over Tibet , Taiwan , Burma , Darfur , and dozens of other political , environmental , and human-rights issues are already making plans .
Some within the Chinese Communist Party leadership will support plans to engineer a shift from export-led growth to a model based on domestic consumption . Others will try to direct state funding toward their personal investment projects .
As a result , the uncertainty surrounding Obasanjo 's plans is increasing sectional tensions .
So he is cagey about plans to confront the oligarchs .
The choice of his economic team is crucial , because he plans to replace the respected finance minister , Pedro Malan , and the governor of the Central Bank , Arminio Fraga .
European plans for a Common Foreign and Security Policy and for closer defense cooperation seemed brutally discredited .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Opposition to plans to build a mosque near `` Ground Zero , '' the spot where the World Trade Center 's twin towers fell on September 11 , 2001 , comes in various shades .
Whether such plans materialize remains to be seen .
Brazil has stated that it intends to vote in the Security Council in favor of recommending Palestine 's admission to the General Assembly ; Colombia has said that it plans to abstain .
Finally , Hong Kong represents a test of the `` one country , two systems '' model proclaimed in 1997 , and thus of the feasibility of China 's applying the same scheme to its reunification plans for Taiwan .
In order to deflect attention from the real plan , the state-run media reported plans to turn the Varyag into a `` floating casino '' near Macau .
Subterfuge is also apparent in China 's plans at Gwadar , where a Chinese-built but still-underused commercial port opened in 2007 .
After Pakistan revealed the plans for a naval base , China responded with equivocation , saying that `` this issue was not touched upon '' during the visit .
Indeed , to get into the Great Power maritime game , China needs Gwadar to redress its main weakness -- the absence of a naval anchor in the Indian Ocean region , where it plans to have an important military presence .
The Koizumi government plans to add two new 13,500-ton warships , both capable of carrying helicopters and of being converted to take jump jets to strike enemy territory .
When an economy is operating efficiently , expectations are largely fulfilled ; desires , resources , and production technology are well matched ; and people are reasonably satisfied with their plans , relations , and contracts .
But if the world evolves in a markedly unanticipated direction , people 's existing plans , relations , and contracts require revision .
Awaiting that restructuring , financial institutions could not perform as usual , which impeded financial intermediation and called into question plans , relations , and contracts -- such as corporate and residential investment or refinancing .
Meanwhile , consumers who held a substantial fraction of their wealth in housing were forced to revise their consumption plans in the face of declining values .
This affected all the producers , distributors , and retailers whose plans and contracts were based on now-obsolete expectations .
The current recession is as deep as the misalignment of specialized plans , relations , and contracts is extensive .
Automobile companies can not adjust immediately to a change in consumer preferences regarding what type of cars they want to purchase , or how frequently . Would-be financiers can not adjust to these plans overnight .
Suicide bombers and death squads are not seeking shorter working hours , higher salaries , or better pension plans .
Neutrals , like Finland and Austria , are opposed to plans for closer defense cooperation .
The British government tried to wriggle out of taking sides on the implications of the French and Dutch votes by saying that it would suspend its own plans for a referendum , but not cancel it outright .
In its proposed reforms of the regulatory system , the Obama administration plans to give the Fed more of these powers . That has inevitably strengthened the hands of those who argue that more power requires more accountability .
If he proceeds with plans to give it more functions , they will persist .
Indeed , the Basel Committee plans to require more capital in the future , though the new requirements will be delayed , owing to concerns about the cost and availability of credit to sustain the recovery .
Avoid overly optimistic projections that lead to unworkable plans and unreasonable expectations , which the government will not be able to fulfill , as happened in Guatemala , for example , when its civil war ended .
Before these `` pledges '' become `` commitments , '' donors should carefully examine Georgia 's economic development strategy and assess its plans for humanitarian and reconstruction aid .
China 's Excess-Capacity Nightmare SHANGHAI -- Back in 1958 , the year of China 's ill-fated `` Great Leap Forward , '' Chairman Mao had big plans for the steel industry .
The United States plans to establish part of its global missile defense system in the Czech Republic and Poland .
Likewise , it develops five-year plans -- and in many cases , such as in science and technology , plans that exceed 15 years .
So there are plans afoot to develop and distribute tools to analyze information , discover correlations -LRB- data-mining -RRB- , and display the results as graphs and charts .
It has built a genome-sequencing factory and plans to build several more over the next few years .
In the United States , the Federal Trade Commission has announced plans to require bloggers and celebrity endorsers to disclose gifts or payments from vendors and others seeking the bloggers ' positive comments online .
Governments will be required to let the Commission vet their budgetary plans in advance .
Here , with input from South Korea , it is developing plans for a Precautionary Credit Line -LRB- PCL -RRB- .
Already , the European Commission has stated that various European governments ' forecasts for GDP growth , put forward in their plans for budget austerity in the coming years , are overly optimistic .
But the value of the new `` Paris-London Entente '' will be limited if both countries cut their defense expenditures so much that their combined strength remains at best unchanged . That Britain plans to fund construction of a new aircraft carrier , but not the planes to fly off of it , suggests that resources for the new entente will be sorely lacking .
Indeed , the type of central government inherited from the old planned economy , with its over-stretched growth plans , causes fluctuations , and contributed significantly to instability in the early 1980 's .
If either country adhered to the thinking embodied in the Bush administration 's new nuclear policy , there would be little reason for each not to seek to integrate nuclear weapons even more deeply into their own contingency plans -- and possibly use them .
Several competing plans emerged from the different Congressional committees that have jurisdiction over the issue .
The general shift from defined-benefit pension plans to defined-contribution plans meant that employees felt the effect of rising share prices directly in their own personal accounts .
It is significant that this policy was adopted before Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke 's speech in August , in which he announced his tentative plans for quantitative easing .
China now plans to raise the relative growth rate of real wages and to encourage increased consumer spending .
Although I support the need for a large fiscal package , I disagree with many of the specific features of the plans now under consideration .
Little will be genuinely free in a future crafted by these populists : `` liberalism '' behind barricades ; `` welfare '' that denies the most needy ; `` tolerance '' that allows some to be targets ; the un-liberating leader-cults of `` noisy little men , '' their nationalisms and their narrow-mindedness , their police priorities and procrustean plans for `` integrating '' minorities .
But Europeans , while having launched national recovery plans , remain unwilling to take on a similar debt risk .
In total , the recovery plans of European Union members came to only 1.6 % of GDP compared with 5.6 % in the US .
If the requirements of reciprocity and publicity are applied to the current plans to invade Iraq , the implications are clear .
Conspiracy , by contrast , is suited to a legal system that emphasizes early police intervention , before criminal plans are carried out .
A more development-minded Libya could help dampen tensions in these vital regions . Indeed , Gaddafi 's emphatic call for Libya to embrace the market economy could have a sort of revolutionary domino effect among North Africa 's `` dirigiste '' economies , improving the chances for a revitalization of plans to open and integrate the Maghreb Union economies .
Instead of spending money on armaments , as Chávez has done , Rosales plans to redistribute 20 % of Venezuela 's national oil revenue directly to citizens in the lowest income groups .
In the aftermath of the French and Dutch referenda , the European Commission and the European Parliament have sketched plans for a Europe-wide debate on these issues .
In addition , it might be necessary to have a review conference in 2015 to adjust our targets and plans to the new realities .
Yet , even on the assumption that Putin has no plans to nationalize key natural resource companies , he clearly desires strong state control over these `` commanding heights '' of the economy .
In view of this experience , Nigeria now plans to abolish the naira in favor of joining a monetary union with four or five other West African countries -LRB- The Gambia , Ghana , Guinea , Sierra Leone , and perhaps Liberia -RRB- .
And as the recent arrests in London suggest , it is also possible that the desire of some terrorists to accomplish something more dramatic than the 9\/11 attacks may have complicated their ability to implement their plans and increased the prospect that they will be detected .
In the case of Egypt , there are several reasons : more than 30 years of one-man rule ; Hosni Mubarak 's plans to pass the presidency on to his son ; widespread corruption , patronage , and nepotism ; and economic reform that did not benefit most Egyptians , but that nonetheless contrasted sharply with the almost complete absence of political change .
They insist that China will go ahead with plans to introduce margin trading , short selling , and futures contracts on share prices .
The government also announced plans earlier this month to increase infrastructure spending by $ 586 billion during 2009 and 2010 .
Official Chinese policy in recent years has been to make GDP growth greener . But not at the expense of growth itself -- and China plans to grow pretty fast .
Indeed , such major carmakers as Toyota , Honda , Daimler , General Motors , and Hyundai\/Kia are deep into plans for commercial production of cars powered by hydrogen fuel cells .
Honda showed a prototype fuel cell car assembly line last year ; Daimler already launched one this year ; Hyundai\/Kia plans to have one by 2012 , and Toyota , probably the biggest player , by 2015 , with small outputs initially , by the thousands later , and increasing steeply after that .
For , instead of infrastructure plans , commercial or environmental treaties , or even multilateral action against such common problems as violence and poverty , the issue that dominated both press accounts and the speeches at the gathering was the new US-Colombian military agreement , announced less than a month before the summit .
The Europeans advanced their plans for regional monetary and economic integration .
In the first half of the 1990 's , many observers of the alleged Asian economic miracle emphasized trust and families ' capacity to cooperate with political authorities in order to realize long-term growth plans .
Another obvious step to consider is to phase out the tax exclusion for employer-sponsored health plans , which would not only increase revenue , but also end the distorting effects of employer subsidization of health care .
The IMF , which should be standing up to this dangerous bargain , instead plans to open the spigots -LRB- with Chinese , American , and other countries ' funds -RRB- even more widely to insolvent nations .
The policy plans announced by China , the euro area , Japan , Saudi Arabia , and the US in the spring of 2007 -- in the context of the IMF 's Multilateral Consultation on global imbalances -- represent the international community 's response to the rising risks .
Knowing what to do in this increasingly complex and volatile situation is the easy part : look at the Multilateral Consultation policy plans and `` just do it . ''
As the US Treasury 's recent semiannual report to America 's Congress noted , for China these plans are to `` rebalance its economy : boosting domestic demand and consumption-led growth ; reforming its financial system ; and achieving greater flexibility in its exchange-rate regime .
The government is running budget deficits of 10 % of GDP , despite having cut public-sector wages , and now plans further cuts to service failed banks ' debt .
It is all the more irrational in view of the rather modest effects early retirement plans have on unemployment in general , and on youth unemployment in particular .
Thus , Beck falsely charges that Soros has instigated coups abroad while implying that he plans to carry one out in the US .
Electrification for the rural poor has improved in South Africa and Ghana through the creation of independent agencies in charge of implementing rural electrification plans .
Moreover , although the current assistants ' authority is limited , Abe plans to submit legislation aimed at strengthening the prime minister 's office , including an amendment of the cabinet law .
Moreover , China plans to improve and expand its capabilities for assault landing and joint logistical support , both of which used to be weak points .
As our failures mount , we snarl and blame others , or construct imaginary plans for countering the great powers .
Soviet scientists believed that the Americans would keep their plans secret until after they had succeeded in launching a satellite , so all our efforts were put into beating the Americans to the launch .
Of course , the language that he used to sell his scheme to the Chinese was very different from the words his father used to present his plans to Hitler .
Its investment plans are overextended outside of Russia -- part of the imperial policy -- while domestic exploration for new sources is declining , as foreign companies have been forced to surrender stakes in projects such as the huge gas development on Sakhalin Island .
Major economies have responded to the current crisis with ambitious fiscal and monetary rescue plans .
The United States under President Barack Obama plans to do the same .
None of the new EU member-states have concrete plans or financing mechanisms to develop networks of community-based alternatives on a national scale .
Elsewhere , BHP Billiton announced the discovery of an estimated 60 million tons of manganese in southeastern Gabon , while France 's AREVA is drawing up plans to build a large mine in the Central African Republic to exploit uranium deposits .
But Kim Kyong-hui may have other plans , such as becoming Kim Jong-il 's successor herself .
Barescu plans to align Romania with Anglo Saxon liberal economic policies , and wants a special relationship with Great Britain and the United States to improve security in the Black Sea region .
More recently , Chirac 's foreign minister , Michel Barnier , chastised the Romanian President Traian Barescu for lacking a `` European reflex , '' because Barescu plans to align Romania with Anglo-Saxon liberal economic policies , and wants a special relationship with the US and UK to improve security in the Black Sea region .
The ECB 's paltry rate hike in December , together with the supine promise of no plans for further monetary tightening , demonstrates that Trichet is no Duisenberg .
ECB President Jean-Claude Trichet indicated at his July press conference that the bank plans to raise interest rates by 25 basis points on August 3 , not August 31 , as expected . This implies an interval of two months between interest-rate moves instead of the three-month interval that has become standard ECB practice in the current interest-rate cycle .
On issues like the Iraq war and American plans to install missile defenses in Poland and the Czech Republic , Europeans appear to find it difficult to speak with a single voice .
Closer to home , the recent spat between Croatia and Slovenia over their maritime border almost scuppered Croatia 's accession plans .
I shall not pass judgment on his plans for the world economy as reported so far .
What is clear is that Hamas and the Palestinians want an end to the 38-year Israeli occupation , and that selling Palestinians the same plans that were sold to the PLO will not work .
So , as world leaders convene at the G-20 and other forums in the coming weeks to discuss the economic crisis , stimulus plans , financial regulation , and development , the fight against corruption should remain a full part of the multilateral agenda .
Advanced countries need credible medium-term plans to stabilize and reduce public debt .
Any plans to `` defend '' Yanukovich and the eastern part of Ukraine by military force must be confronted .
The growing opposition to the US missile defense deployment is rooted in the way in which America has managed -- or rather mismanaged -- the presentation of its deployment plans .
The failure of state plans and projects is overlooked because of the small but expanding internal market , which is invigorated by de facto economic liberalism involving the growth of smuggling and drug traffic .
The proposed defense treaty was also to be buttressed by plans for a European political community whose main features were to be defined by a constitutional commission made up of members of national parliaments .
The government has announced plans to privatize state-owned companies , improve conditions for small firms , and continue increasing individual freedom of choice in the case of human services .
And , unlike in the late 1980 's and 1990 's , Russia is not indebted to foreign banks or international organizations , though it plans to resume foreign borrowing next year .
In fact , development plans in China may be heading in the opposite direction .
They do n't do enough to discourage people from living in foolhardy locations , and response plans are often poor .
If elected , Obama plans to count on former vice president and passionate campaigner Al Gore to help `` lead the fight '' against warming .
Should they continue with plans to make carbon-cutting promises that are unlikely to be fulfilled ?
In this respect , the recent Basel III preliminary agreement and the establishment of new European financial supervisory structures might be more important for correcting and preventing external imbalances than recent plans by the EU to extend economic surveillance of member countries -- and even to impose sanctions to enforce non-fiscal macroeconomic targets .
The aim of these entrenched mandarins is to block Abe 's plans for extensive civil-service reforms intended to inhibit them from parachuting into lucrative post-retirement jobs in the public corporations and private firms that they once regulated .
The maverick Koizumi had the personal attractiveness and ideological appeal needed to galvanize a majority behind his plans for a `` fair '' distribution of the pain of reform .
As a result , the DPJ has announced plans to revoke the LDP 's guidelines for a ceiling on budget requests so as to formulate its own budget from scratch . It will also revise the supplementary budget as well .
To gain control of the mandarins , the DPJ plans to place 100 lawmakers in the ministries ' top leadership , as well as three dozen political appointees to policy staffs in the office of the prime minister .
There is thus a real need in the Franc Zone for a financing institution that would convert migrant remittances into productive investments , thereby generating jobs and wealth , and that would broaden access to banking services , mortgages , insurance products , pension plans , and technical assistance .
Nigeria plans to demutualize its stock exchange in order to establish it among the prime destinations for frontier investors .
Unfortunately , because the companies and African politicians have every reason to avoid transparency , the EITI plans were rendered meaningless when they were not made compulsory .
Early plans for military reconnaissance stations assumed that soldiers would be stationed on board .
Then there are rising tensions over plans by the United States to based a missile defense system in Poland and the Czech Republic , as well as the growing likelihood that further NATO enlargement will include Georgia , the increasingly prosperous neighbor with which Russia has fractious relations .
Industry commissioner Gunther Verheugen recently reacted to calls by both General Motors and Renault for a more `` proactive '' EU role in coordinating bailouts by saying : `` There will be no sector-specific plans whatsoever . ''
Despite the announcement of plans to create a European army along with France , Belgium , and Luxembourg , Germany is less relevant in both European and world politics than it was before the Iraq war .
But , despite flourishing rhetoric about promoting democracy , promoting it is still not backed with concrete plans of action .
Unfortunately , however , government leaders have apparently learned nothing from the lessons of the failed Lisbon Agenda . Indeed , the current plans seem doomed to fail for two reasons .
Despite the US Congress 's appropriate calls to establish benchmarks for American progress in Afghanistan , too few people are calling for the Afghan government to articulate its goals for improving governance and accountability , and how it plans to meet them .
The United States plans to construct a veritable `` Mexican Wall '' to keep poor people from crossing into Texas or California .
This perspective is not simply rooted in economics , even if today a large proportion of older Americans are rushing back to work as the downturn wrecks their retirement plans .
But is it possible to create the appropriate conditions -- to filter ideas and execute plans , and thus to facilitate creativity -- under which innovation may flourish ?
But , while political leaders drew up such rosy plans , eight of Turkey 's largest investors in Iran were withdrawing from the country .
But key steps can and should be taken : restoration of fiscal balance in well-communicated plans , commitment to central bank autonomy and low inflation , and striking a thoughtful balance between under - and over-regulation of the financial sector .
Up to now , criticism from the rest of the world has had no effect on the Bush administration 's plans .
Developing countries need substantial help and support from rich nations in order to implement their plans for low-carbon economic growth , and to adapt to the effects of climate change that are now inevitable over the next few decades .
It takes nothing away from the pain of those now losing their houses to notice that something oddly American and a bit perverse happened : millions of Americans were seduced by fantasies of a beautiful big house , vague about their own plans for the future , and yet full ofcrazy confidencethat it would all somehow work out . American optimism became as much a curse as a blessing .
This decision came two years after the company acceded to pressure from environmentalists and scrapped plans to drill in a World Heritage site in Bangladesh .
As he looks ahead to the verdict of history , he seems to realize that hard power alone will not consolidate his reputation , but he remains hostage to incidents and accidents that could drive even his best-laid plans off course .
It also means carrying on with the important role that Europe plays in foreign policy such as attracting Serbia to reach agreement on the future status of Kosovo , or continuing efforts to persuade Iran to give up its plans for the enrichment of uranium .
After China eclipsed the US as Brazil 's largest trading partner , China and Brazil announced plans to settle trade in their national currencies rather than dollars .
Some government reports had anticipated the extent to which non-state actors could hurt large states , but their conclusions were not incorporated into official plans .
Of course , whether America can implement the available solutions is uncertain ; several commissions have proposed feasible plans to change America 's debt trajectory by raising taxes and cutting expenditures , but feasibility is no guarantee that they will be adopted .
Last October , Yar ` Adua joined South Africa and Libya in opposing US plans to deploy AFRICOM , its new African regional military command , on the continent .
Moreover , Tony Chukwueke , the DPR 's head , has announced plans to create an African version of Petronas , Malaysia 's state-run oil company , and transform the sclerotic Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation into a powerful oil-producing firm that can dominate the market in the Gulf of Guinea and other emerging regions .
So it is logical to ask : what are the realistic scenarios concerning the consequences of such an intervention ? Are there any plans regarding how to handle the post-strike situation ?
In short , China is veritably humming with energy , money , plans , leadership , and forward motion , while the West seems paralyzed .
Despite this , he brims with imagined presidential plans , such as ridding the country of terrorist groups like Shining Path and re-establishing Peru 's economic standing .
Disbelief grows with every revelation of secret Iranian facilities and plans , and with every refusal by Iran to negotiate safeguards that would allow for civil use while preventing weaponization .
He and his finance minister , Gordon Brown , stuck to their predecessors ' public-spending plans , for example .
Musharraf , according to his lawyer 's depositions before the Supreme Court , plans to give up his uniform after the indirect presidential elections he scheduled for October 6 .
To military observers , the Beijing\/Shenyang exercises seemed to be practice for a possible offensive operation against Russia , because exercises on such a scale are undertaken only at the final stage of a multi-year program to train troops to enact specific strategic and operational plans .
Before the Busan meeting , United States Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner warned against `` a generalized , undifferentiated move to pull forward consolidation plans , '' and emphasized the need to `` proceed in step with the strengthening of the private-sector recovery . '' But the other finance ministers did not echo Geithner 's warnings .
The opportunities , hopes , and dreams delivered to the downtrodden and the vision and plans for Thailand 's future were enmeshed with his own venality .
And , indeed , well-chosen nudges have been shown to be extremely effective in altering choices that make a substantive difference to the lives of many -LRB- say , enrollment in pension plans -RRB- .
The index fund would be similar to the ones held by so many workers today in private pension plans .
Specifically , that means social security , private pensions , and medical and unemployment insurance -- plans that exist on paper but are woefully underfunded .
For example , in 2009 , China 's retirement-system assets -- national social security , local government retirement benefit plans , and private sector pensions -- totaled just RMB2 .4 trillion -LRB- $ 364 billion -RRB- .
Strategy . Since 1953 , China has framed its macro objectives in the context of five-year plans , with clearly defined targets and policy initiatives designed to hit those targets .
At the World Economic Forum in Davos , US Congressman Barney Frank was surprised to discover that the greatest opposition to American plans came from international regulators .
So Europe needs a short-term growth strategy to supplement its financial-support package and its plans for fiscal consolidation .
They depend not just on its tax and spending plans but also on the state of the economy , the external conjuncture , and the political context .
For example , the alleged 2003 coup plot was supposedly discovered when CDs containing detailed preparations -LRB- including assassination teams and plans to bomb two mosques -RRB- were delivered to a virulently anti-military newspaper .
Of the hundreds of senior officers serving at the time , none has acknowledged any knowledge of these plans .
Erdo?an has fanned the flames by claiming that he was aware of such coup plans at the time , but that he disregarded them .
The prosecutors have what looks like solid evidence : detailed plans , ostensibly authored by the defendants , describing a series of ghastly operations to destabilize the country .
Several defendants have shown that they were outside the country and had no access to the computers on which they supposedly authored the plans .
In some nations , labor greatly influences the firm through politics-i.e. , opposing mass lay-offs and resisting restructuring plans that change the nature of the workplace .
By following through on plans to build a 2,000-mile wall across its southern border .
CAMBRIDGE -- Addressing the annual World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao explained his government 's plans to counter the global economic meltdown with public spending and loans .
In the US , such an agency could have weighed in on the costs and benefits of bailout plans , perhaps helping to end congressional paralysis and steeling nerves to give taxpayers more upside risk .
Finally , investors might just believe that the eurozone leaders ' latest plan will work , even though the last dozen plans have failed .
Second , countries where bond-market vigilantes have not yet awakened -- the US , the UK , and Japan -- should maintain their fiscal stimulus while designing credible fiscal consolidation plans to be implemented later over the medium term .
When they voted on the components to be included in the country 's submission , the HIV\/AIDS and tuberculosis plans were accepted but the malaria component was rejected due to its low quality .
Palestinian extremists insist that Israel is simply plotting to maintain its occupation over all of Palestine and that withdrawal from Gaza or announced plans to withdraw partly from the West Bank are merely tactical , without giving up real control over land , transport , water , defense , and other attributes of sovereignty .
All of that investment requires plans and years of implementation . Aid can not be a guessing game .
The plans are already on the table , or at least on the shelf , waiting for the G-8 funding to arrive .
The plans are detailed , thoughtful , credible , and based on proven successes that the government has already achieved .
My plea to discuss plans and strategies alongside specific emissions targets might seem to risk impeding the negotiations .
Governments in hunger-stricken regions , especially Africa , would then submit national action plans that would provide details on how they would use the donor funds to get high-yield seeds , fertilizer , irrigation , farm tools , storage silos , and local advice to impoverished farmers .
An independent expert panel would review the national plans to verify their scientific and managerial coherence .
Two major recent success stories in aid have used this approach : the Global Alliance on Vaccines and Immunizations , which successfully gets immunizations to young children , and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , TB , and Malaria , which supports national action plans to battle these killer diseases .
Strangely , despite being a candidate of change , Obama has not taken the approach of presenting real plans of action for change .
When Intel plans a new semiconductor plant , it invites bids from various countries .
Most countries would feel only negative effects - disruptions of trade , higher oil prices , withdrawals of international capital , cutbacks on investment plans - without any offsetting direct stimulus .
The Bush administration has offered a range of justifications for its plans , although with a fairly consistent emphasis on weapons of mass destruction .
What is distinctive about the recent mass protests against US plans for a war against Iraq is that the February 15 event was planned ahead of time , at short notice , for a specific date , and with an explicit goal of worldwide scale .
The Internet allowed for a rapid worldwide dissemination of organizational plans at an extraordinarily low cost to the organizers .
This is what network theorists call `` self-organizing '' behavior . As each unit took its own steps , these local actions were communicated to the rest of the world through Web sites that tracked and disseminated global plans , as well as offering information , advice , and encouragement .
It is unlikely that worldwide protests will stop the Bush Administration 's war plans , but they will help shape the political , security , and economic ramifications of such a war .
Moreover , the uncertainties over war are hurting America 's economy -LRB- and economies elsewhere -RRB- , by causing a postponement of business plans and falling consumer confidence .
The US has to make clear that it plans to withdraw its troops quickly and entirely .
A written agreement to demobilize more than ten thousand paramilitaries by 2006 has been agreed , and plans are being laid -- including a transitional period of limited immunity from arrest so long as the cease-fire holds and the time spent under this agreement will be counted against any eventual prison sentences imposed -- to reintegrate them into civilian life .
Estimates of the government 's growing aggregate liabilities -LRB- bank debt , un-funded pension plans , bonded indebtedness for infrastructural projects , etc. -RRB- range from 70 % to over 150 % of GDP .
Chen invariably blamed the KMT for blocking sensible economic plans , but even some of his moneyed supporters knew better .
Such a financial `` hit '' may affect their consumption patterns , complicate their retirement plans , and even bring them to the brink of indigence .
But it is not clear that these plans will succeed fully .
Life insurance companies , drug firms , businesses providing services for the elderly , and investors in retirement real estate would all benefit from increased longevity , while defined-benefit pension plans and annuity providers would lose .
But we should not make plans that rely on high returns , as many -LRB- including some governments -RRB- appear to be doing .
His idea certainly is more focused and theoretically sound than Sarkozy 's plans to protect existing jobs .
Commercial banks , investment banks , and hedge funds all owe their ongoing trouble to its decline , which in turn is jeopardizing the plans of companies and entrepreneurs to launch enterprises and make investments , and of households to consume .
The current stimulus and bailout plans were hatched in reaction to that dreadful week .
Whatever the near future holds the multitude of plans now being discussed to deal with this global crisis need to be judged with attention to the elusive and inexplicable effects they might have on confidence .
Our first MacroShares have been for oil price risk , but plans for GDP risk are on the drawing board .
David Cameron 's new government in the United Kingdom apparently came to the same conclusion when it announced plans to transfer regulatory authority from the Financial Services Authority -LRB- FSA -RRB- to the Bank of England .
Because both countries want to avoid being blamed for scuttling a global agreement , they will work together to make their modest plans look as substantial as possible and promise to do more after Copenhagen .
Meanwhile , the Obama administration continues to pursue its plans for European missile defense .
By selecting particular villages and providing basic health care , bed nets to stop malaria , primary education , better seeds , and other agricultural assistance , the organization aims to show that well-designed , comprehensive aid plans can , at relatively modest cost , raise people out of poverty .
The legislation , which still has to pass through the House of Representatives , would require health insurance plans provided by employers to cover treatment for mental illness at a level similar to coverage for general health care . -LRB- Unfortunately , the legislation will do nothing for the 47 million Americans who have no health insurance at all . -RRB-
Karlan 's research , and the results obtained at stickK , suggests that most people , when they are thinking calmly , have a sense of what is in their interests , but , faced with more immediate temptations , are often unable to keep to their plans .
Robert Darnton , Director of the Harvard University Library , has proposed an alternative to Google 's plans : a digital public library , funded by a coalition of foundations , working in tandem with a coalition of research libraries .
Second , and more difficult , the oil sheikhs and other producers of fossil fuels must be talked into postponing their extraction plans or , better yet , not to extract some of their resources at all .
McCain has given no details of his plans .
Hence , policies are needed to -LRB- 1 -RRB- reduce sovereign vulnerabilities , including through communicating credible medium-term fiscal consolidation plans ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- ensure that the ongoing deleveraging process unfolds smoothly ; and -LRB- 3 -RRB- decisively move forward to complete the regulatory agenda so as to move to a safer , more resilient , and dynamic global financial system .
On this topic , there is no shortage of expert plans -- among them bond buy-backs , bond swaps , and the creation of Eurobonds , a European version of the `` Brady '' bonds issued by Latin American countries that defaulted in the 1980 's .
It would be desirable to set up joint working groups with the countries concerned to establish , monitor , and adjust individual action plans .
The European Commission is already engaged in preparing such plans . They need to be given greater substance .
Individual action plans are urgently needed even before the general Wider Europe Initiative emerges .
The Fund plans to double its activities in the next five years , but , again , this is not enough .
Last week , France began to carry out plans to expel all non-French Roma , implicating them as a group in criminal activity , without any legal process to determine whether individuals have committed any crime or pose a threat to public order .
First , it would include credible plans in Europe and the US to restore fiscal balance .
ASEAN is working with its partners to tackle global issues such as security , energy , and climate change , and its plans for a charter on enhanced cooperation is an encouraging first step toward creating a political architecture .
Because it has not , even after the passage of a huge stimulus bill , the presentation of a new program to deal with the underlying housing problem , and several plans to stabilize the financial system , some are even beginning to blame Obama and his team .
As the global economy returns to growth , governments should , of course , have plans on the drawing board to raise taxes and cut expenditures .
The country has progressed from the sugar-based monoculture of 50 years ago to a diversified economy that includes tourism , finance , textiles , and , if current plans bear fruit , advanced technology .
The illusion is in some of the plans being devised to deal with it .
The rest of the world has begun to take heed , but Bush , having ignored warnings about Al Qaeda 's plans prior to September 11 , 2001 , and having not only ignored the warnings about New Orleans levees , but actually gutted funding to shore them , has not led America to do likewise .
Such concerns have found resonance in the seeming incongruity of the Bank 's tough talk on corruption and simultaneous plans to expand lending to Iraq .
As a result , more companies are likely to create and implement business continuity plans .
Instead of thinking what Ahtisaari deemed unthinkable , a partition of Kosovo with a small part of the north going to Serbia and the rest linked to the Kosovars ethnic brethren in Albania or a separate state , the US plans to act without the UN 's blessing , arguing that only an independent Kosovo will bring stability to the Western Balkans .
It is believed that the Armenian genocide inspired the Nazis in their plans for the extermination of Jews .
Few missed the irony of formulating two plans that pointed in opposite directions .
Instead , it was the small and highly professional Egyptian army that crushed the uprising , to the dismay of the young officer corps , who were already well advanced in their plans to seize power .
The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development therefore encourages all new EU member states that have not yet started doing so to draft credible and convincing plans for euro-zone admission .
Álvaro Uribe 's plans for a third term were dashed in March by the Constitutional Court , which , despite massive pressure , upheld the constitutional prohibition on serving more than two consecutive terms .
Two of the largest PBMs , Medco and CVS\/Caremark , have announced plans to conduct large-scale genotyping for many drugs .
Moreover , the Obama administration , by having reset US foreign policy , removed the principal irritants in Russia-Western relations , such as the prospect of NATO enlargement to Ukraine and Georgia ; close relations with Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili , and plans for the deployment of US defensive missiles in Central Europe .
Putin plans to stay in the Kremlin for two more presidential terms , another 12 years , as he is enabled to do by the recently-amended constitution .
In his much-quoted newspaper piece , Putin denied that his new integration plans are aimed at restoring the Soviet Union under another name .
The Russians are Coming -- With Cash MOSCOW -- Russia 's government is sitting on a giant pile of cash that it plans to invest in foreign assets .
Still , the government continues to tout plans to boost the economy .
And , with some of the measures bound to face stiff opposition by powerful interest groups , the reforms are set to be a major test of Medvedev 's real strength -- and of his plans to run for another term as president .
Third , although the Central European countries originally announced different target dates for eurozone accession , their plans have now moved closer together , usually ranging between 2008 and 2010 .
These include higher capital ratios for systemically important banks , stricter supervision , limits on trading activity , pre-designated resolution and recovery plans , and taxes aimed not at `` getting our money back , '' but at internalizing externalities -- that is , making those at fault pay the social costs of their behavior -- and creating better incentives .
But without making Iran weigh real costs against its nuclear plans , Iran will have little reason to consider the suspension of uranium enrichment and plutonium dabbling -LRB- both are usable for nuclear fuel-making but abusable for bomb-making -RRB- that the Europeans and the United States have made a condition for serious negotiations to take place .
And , at the height of the Libyan crisis , while NATO officials were preparing operational plans to intervene , Turkey 's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdo?an was speaking out against military action .
But today 's efforts at regional integration in Latin America seem to have a different purpose altogether . They are put forward to help the proponents of various plans jockey for power and influence on both the regional and global stage .
In line with Soviet traditions , a nanotechnology project was given a piece of land , with plans to set up various scientific facilities .
Initially , his ambitious plans to make Malaysia an economic model for developing nations exposed him to both ridicule and admiration .
Similar plans for Asia and elsewhere remain largely on the drawing board ; but the members of such organizations as the ASEAN Regional Forum , the African Union , and the Shanghai Cooperation Organization at least are talking more and more seriously about harmonizing policies on issues of common interest .
Even so , Russian and Western officials continue to spar over American plans to deploy ballistic missile defense systems in Poland and the Czech Republic .
Although constraining future US BMD programs with legally binding agreements is politically untenable , US officials could inform their Russian counterparts of their long-range BMD plans without much difficulty .
Securing the Future of Energy PALO ALTO -- Today 's huge global energy problems in no small measure reflect the essentially nineteenth-century business plans that three of the world 's largest industries are still pursuing .
Earlier plans to adopt the euro quickly have now been shelved , with the target date pushed back to 2011 or 2012 .
But stricter and more reasonable standards should be established for courts ' approval of restructuring plans .
There are serious plans to turn the Sahara desert 's heat and sunlight into Europe 's major power source , supplying energy to half a billion people .
By 2020 , it plans to get 47 % of its electricity from renewables .
`` The administration plans over a number of years to put a substantial amount of money into agricultural development , '' Obama 's choice for Secretary of State for African Affairs , Johnnie Carson , said in advance of the president 's trip .
After graduation , she joined the Millennium Village project , which gives her wide latitude to innovate , together with the resources to set in motion her inspired plans .
Desperate for more education , this fall she plans to attend graduate school for computer science -- in China , not America .
Many other developing countries simply can not emulate this success in all respects ; they must formulate plans specific to their own natural endowments , institutions , and business environments .
