Meanwhile , President George W. Bush has said that `` if another September 11-style attack is being planned , it probably is being plotted in Pakistan and not Afghanistan . ''
The West has known about crimes against humanity and terrorist plots committed by Qaddafi 's regime for decades , most notably the June 1996 Abu Selim massacre , in which more than 1,200 political prisoners were gunned down after protesting against prison conditions .
But Qaddafi 's regime became an international pariah mainly for a series of terrorist plots abroad , not for crimes against humanity committed against Libyans .
Several figures from the `` free officers '' -- the group that plotted the 1969 coup against the monarchy -- are leading the INC. .
Al-Ahmar has also not benefited from the military aid that the US lavished on Yemen in the wake of al-Qaeda 's failed Christmas Day plot in 2009 to down an American airliner .
Thus , foreign aid was regarded as a plot to trap poor nations in a neo-colonial embrace .
Instead of a show of lofty disdain , or official silence , it made a colossal fuss , protesting fiercely about plots to undermine China , and putting dozens of prominent Chinese intellectuals , including Liu 's wife , Liu Xia , under house arrest .
Indeed , papal diplomats not only knew about the plot against Hitler , but sought to mediate between the conspirators and the Allied Powers .
While he has pledged not to run in the elections set for November 26 , 2011 , an alleged mutiny within the military , as well as arrests in April of suspected coup plotters , suggests a widening divide within the military itself .
Many feared that the example of the coup in Niger could encourage Nigeria 's military to move at the height of the country 's crisis in executive authority over President Umaru Yar ` Adua 's prolonged absence . In fact , rumors of coup plotting in Nigeria prompted military officers to restrict the movements of soldiers , and may have spurred the political elite to reach the consensus that installed Goodluck Jonathan as acting president .
The subplot is inevitably how a Latin American country that once seemed more like Europe developed all the maladies of its Southern neighbors : a state unable to guarantee public health and education ; a growing gap between rich and poor ; the disappearance of the middle class ; and the decline of industrial capacity in favor of producing raw materials .
A downfall plotted to happen on a Kremlin-supplied bed would be a denouement that not even one of Berlusconi 's TV channels could dream up .
And here the plot has thickened .
When Prime Minister Harold Wilson suddenly resigned in 1976 and left No. 10 Downing Street to the late James Callaghan , people became suspicious : had he been forced out by some secret service plot concerning South Africa ?
One plotter in the attack of September 11 , 2001 , appeared before ordinary courts in Germany .
Three-quarters of the world 's poorest people get their food and income from farming small plots of land , and most of these smallholder farmers are women .
Emotions run high in Iran too , which is happy to return to its familiar role as eternal victim in plots by the Great Powers .
Only a full-scale occupation could possibly eliminate the pockets from which terrorists plot their murderous acts .
This is as silly as contending that antiretroviral drugs wo n't work in the region , and that treating HIV is all a giant plot on the part of big pharmaceutical companies .
They were intimately involved in this plot . ''
`` Sledgehammer '' is , sad to say , yet another alleged coup plot in a series of attempts to topple the ruling Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- , which was first elected in 2002 .
`` Sledgehammer '' is but the most recent coup plot to be uncovered , going back to 2003 .
According to the Turkish daily newspaper Taraf , to which the plot was leaked , a 5,000-page plan was drafted to create chaos in Turkey by burning mosques , downing Greek military aircraft , and carrying out mass arrests of those who opposed the military .
The same thing was said by top military officials about another plot , called `` The Action Plan against Religious Fundamentalism , '' drafted by Col. Dursun Cicek .
The fact that these plots have been uncovered is a clear sign of the maturation of Turkish democracy .
Unfortunately , however , the economic trajectory that Congress is plotting , though it may well boost growth in the short term , is ultimately on a collision course with both equity and sustainability .
We are good at estimating how well we know simple facts -LRB- such as the capitals of countries -RRB- , procedures -LRB- such as how to make an international phone call -RRB- , and narratives -LRB- such as the plots of well-known movies -RRB- .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Though Saudi Ambassador Adel al-Jubeir is alive and well in Washington , the plot to assassinate him may have succeeded -- if its aim was not to kill al-Jubeir , but rather Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's foreign policy .
By contrast , the plot targeting al-Jubeir seems to have been highly unprofessional , almost unconcerned with success .
If so , the plot 's target likely was not al-Jubeir himself , but rather those elements in the regime that seek a diplomatic opening to the US -- namely , Ahmadinejad and his circle .
When news about the assassination plot first appeared , the Supreme Leader , Ali Khamenei , was on his way to the western province of Kermanshah .
Regardless of whether Khamenei was aware of the plot against al-Jubeir , its purpose was to delegitimize Ahmadinejad 's foreign-policy agenda .
So , if Khamenei really was unaware of the plot , it means that some elements in the government or the Revolutionary Guards are acting on their own , which is deeply troubling in its own right .
If there are elements powerful enough to plan such a plot -- even an unsuccessful one -- they could do it again in the future .
-LRB- Zhukov was suspected of plotting to seize power , and , before forcing a decorated World War II general to resign , my father and his colleagues enlisted the support of other high-ranking generals , who all agreed with Khrushchev 's plan . -RRB-
The event is so hideous that it seems like a bad joke , or an evil KGB plot , a mad conspiracy out of James Bond -- or some combination of all three .
That is the plot of José Saramago 's novel Seeing -- an anti-utopian vision of post-political democracies where people are angry , the elite are conspiracy-minded and insecure , and social life is paralyzed .
You can deplore such social feelings , as I do , but the myth of the Polish peasant hero standing against communist collectivization on his small private plot seems ineradicable , even if it is undeserved .
Teachers -LRB- including those in mathematics -RRB- should meet regularly to plot the evolution of their courses , their essential coherence , and the inclusion of stories that illustrate how science works .
Nor was the issue of land ownership resolved : only a few plots will be leased in some form .
A realistic `` Plan B '' does not mean plotting a second meeting after Copenhagen , as some have suggested . It means re-thinking our strategy .
Quite a few have been executed over the years for plotting against Saddam .
Gbagbo was suspicious of Ouattara , whom he believed to be actively plotting with French support to topple his government .
It is undeniably a great `` show '' with all the ingredients of a Hollywood blockbuster , including a surprising plot twist : the emergence of a `` Third Man , '' François Bayrou .
Obviously , the terrorist threat is real and endures , as the recent foiled plot in Germany attests .
That plot , which included a young German convert to Islam , showed once again that terrorists can threaten us from both without and within .
The big picture then was not the `` anarchist plot '' to destabilize empires , but the rise of exasperated nationalisms , coupled with the suicidal instinct of a decaying order and the fatal mechanism of the logic of `` secret alliances . ''
Whether al-Qaeda had a direct role in the Madrid and London bombings , or the recent plot to blow up airliners over the Atlantic , is less important than the way it has been transformed into a powerful `` brand . ''
Looking only at individual extreme events will not reveal their cause , just like watching a few scenes from a movie does not reveal the plot .
But , viewed in a broader context , and using the logic of physics , important parts of the plot can be understood .
Prompted by the Lockerbie tragedy , Security Council sanctions adopted in 1992 and 1993 changed the dynamic . To force Libya to hand over the plotters , compensate victims ' families , and cease terrorism , the Council froze all air commerce in an out of the country , all aircraft maintenance , and all arms shipments , as well as reducing diplomatic representation .
Indeed , given extremist violence in Sri Lanka -LRB- Tamil Tigers -RRB- , West Bengal -LRB- Naxalites -RRB- , Bangladesh -LRB- Islamic fundamentalists -RRB- , Southern Thailand -LRB- Islamic separatists -RRB- , Java -LRB- Jemaah Islamiyah -RRB- , and Basilan -LRB- Abu Sayyaf -RRB- , the possibility that Al Qaeda and its satellites are plotting attacks elsewhere , especially against soft targets , poses a real danger to the region .
Prosecuting that decision would have inflamed suspicions of an anti-Serbian plot ; choosing not to prosecute would have incited countervailing charges that the Tribunal was not fulfilling its mandate .
They have incarcerated hundreds of military officers , academics , and journalists on fabricated charges of fomenting terror and plotting coups .
The prosecutions have allowed him to position himself as the protector of Turkish democracy against the coup plotters allegedly still running rampant among the military and secularists .
For example , the alleged 2003 coup plot was supposedly discovered when CDs containing detailed preparations -LRB- including assassination teams and plans to bomb two mosques -RRB- were delivered to a virulently anti-military newspaper .
In addition to major internal contradictions and inconsistencies , the coup plot documents are full of references to entities that did not even exist in 2003 , as well as to developments that took place later .
In a series of bizarre prosecutions , Turkish courts have jailed hundreds of defendants -- military officers , journalists , academics , and lawyers -- for allegedly plotting to topple the country 's democratically elected government .
More than 200 military officers are charged with plotting a coup in 2003 to dislodge the then newly elected government .
Gore 's deeply earnest film plots the relentless , and potentially disastrous , warming of the earth during the industrial era .
Peasants toil inefficiently on tiny plots of land , in a form of disguised unemployment similar to that seen in rural China .
Most of Africa 's farmers , working tiny plots , do not produce enough food to feed their families , much less to earn an income .
Palestinian extremists insist that Israel is simply plotting to maintain its occupation over all of Palestine and that withdrawal from Gaza or announced plans to withdraw partly from the West Bank are merely tactical , without giving up real control over land , transport , water , defense , and other attributes of sovereignty .
America 's domestic public health problem is seen as an Andean-wide plot to be suppressed with military force , exacerbating violence throughout the region .
In a speech on July 16 , Hezbollah leader Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah acknowledged rumors that the Tribunal might indict members of his party , but charged that the Tribunal was part of an Israeli plot to undermine the Islamic resistance in Lebanon and has no credibility .
In describing the tribunal as part of an Israeli plot , Nasrallah warned the government and other parties in Lebanon against cooperating with it , or accepting its verdicts .
The plot then takes another turn when Caesar becomes too big and aggressive to live in a human home , and is taken to what is supposed to be a primate sanctuary , but is in fact a dumping ground for unwanted apes , run by humans who display cruelty to the captive animals .
Iran 's insecurity goes back at least to 1953 , when US and British officials plotted the military coup that removed from office Mohammed Mossadegh , Iran 's first elected prime minister and an ardent nationalist , and installed General Fazlollah Zahedi .
For the moment , most of us have lost the historical plot .
Yet al-Qaeda has not been subdued , as was shown by the recent plot to blow up United States-bound commercial flights from London .
That plot , which could have claimed more victims than the 9\/11 attacks , was foiled by the vigilance of the British intelligence authorities . Clearly , it wo n't be the last .
China interprets quantitative easing as a plot to devalue the dollar and force a revaluation of the renminbi .
But this trip will be trickier . One challenge is that part of the plot for the US and Clinton is being written by others .
Others are more mundane , involving long-term experiments and observation of smaller ecosystems , such as plots of prairie grass or swamplands .
In the US , it is common to see a gap of around 20 % between test plots and actual yields in the same area .
A frequent one in the US is that global elites are plotting -- via the Bilderberg Group and the Council on Foreign Relations , among others -- to establish a `` One World Government '' dominated by themselves rather than national governments .
Glued to Al Jazeera and other Arab satellite channels , the various battles of the `` war on terror '' came to be viewed as a single chain of events in a grand plot against Islam .
The Internet has opened a window on all of the royal family 's plots , ambitions , and double-dealings .
