They wrote that Russia 's enemies were bent on humiliating the powerless `` Russian people , their objects of worship , and their historic values . ''
The taboo against criticizing Putin is already powerless .
Absent these conditions , the US is ultimately powerless .
Absent local political will , and when confronted with a peace-making project that may take years to complete , the US is virtually powerless .
Intellectuals , usually powerless themselves outside the rarified preserves of think tanks and universities , are sometimes too easily attracted to powerful leaders , in the hope that such leaders might actually carry out their ideas .
Populism everywhere is driven by fear and resentment : fear of being powerless , without status or privilege , and resentment of those -- educated liberal elites , foreigners who supposedly take our jobs , and Muslims , Jews , blacks , or illegal immigrants -- who seem to enjoy undeserved benefits .
As a result , the utterly powerless , hitherto quite obscure Liu Xiaobo , has become not only world famous , but much better known inside China , too .
During the war , the emperor was omnipotent in theory , but relatively powerless in fact .
There is a sense among many Europeans , not just in the Netherlands , that they have been abandoned in a fast-changing world , that multi-national corporations are more powerful than nation-states , that the urban rich and highly educated do fine and ordinary folks in the provinces languish , while democratically elected politicians are not only powerless , but have abjectly surrendered to these larger forces that threaten the common man .
But , as long they remain relatively powerless , Mexico will remain unbalanced , deprived of the modern left that it needs to combat poverty and inequality , and hostage to those who still believe in revolution and the assault on the Winter Palace .
Nothing is more likely to strengthen nationalism and turn it to violence than a sense that one 's own homeland is being exploited-kept poor and powerless-by other nations to satisfy their own selfish interests .
Uneducated women then have few alternatives , and the expectation becomes self-fulfilling , leaving women in a continuous cycle of powerlessness that has had significant adverse long-term effects .
The powerlessness of the victim of state-organized street fights and threats against his family is experienced in the same way as the powerlessness of somebody harassed during a state security investigation .
Every German government is essentially powerless vis-à-vis its own parliamentary majority .
Rather , the stubborn complexities of the situation are reduced to a stark struggle between absolute power and absolute powerlessness , the archetypal oppressor and archetypal oppressed .
But their main effect may be an erosion of reasoned debate and civil conduct , without which democracy is powerless against the forces of polarization and extremism .
But in China , the brand has unwittingly found itself enmeshed in tales that illustrate the powerlessness of ordinary Chinese against the powerful and corrupt .
The Japanese scare story of the 1990s , in which monetary and fiscal policy prove powerless in the face of a sustained deflation , is the economic trauma now used to rationalize Bush 's vast 10-year program of tax cutting .
Liu Xiaobo is demonstrating anew the unstoppable power of the powerless .
Former Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram has said that his dream is to see 85 % of Indians living in cities and only 15 % , as opposed to the current 60 % , engaged in agriculture , because to be an agrarian society in the modern era is to be poor and powerless . To be `` developed '' means to be industrialized and urbanized .
The faceless mass was just that : faceless and powerless .
The perennial Russian order -- the dominant state and a powerless , fragmented society -- remains largely in place .
Officials in both Hong Kong and Guangdong are powerless to clean up their environmental problems on their own .
This feeling of ignorance coupled with powerlessness is not entirely the European Parliament 's fault .
They felt like powerless minority shareholders .
We asked respondents to indicate how much control they had over their lives and how optimistic they were about the future , using a scale on which ten indicated a highly optimistic sense of control and one a deep level of powerlessness and pessimism .
Widespread political violence in both Iran and Latin America in the 1960 's and 1970 's demonstrated a connection between popular feelings of powerlessness and the growth of urban guerilla movements .
Despite the ICC 's seeming powerlessness , many governments ' leaders are engaged in strenuous efforts to block the indictment .
Today , many self-styled realists dismiss the United Nations as powerless , and argue that it can be ignored .
As the Financial Times observed , `` North Korea 's Kim Jong-il is probably the only world leader who can make Beijing look powerless .
Scarcely anyone bothers to consider the environmental costs to -- or rights of -- the country 's poor and powerless .
Moreover , although Muslim religious and secular leaders are able to isolate millenarian terrorists and undercut their popular support , they lack the moral capital to completely discredit nationalist extremists groups like Hamas and Islamic Jihad , as long as the Muslim laity shares some of their goals . To the powerless , nationalist suicide bombers look like a great equalizer .
It means demanding accountability from public institutions and listening to the powerless . It means fighting dispossession and the everyday violence of poverty .
The beatings continued and spread to the subway , where the police were essentially powerless .
Whatever the case , Chinese are well acquainted with Americans ' feelings of indignation mixed with powerlessness .
Many of those who are harmed are poor , uneducated , and politically powerless .
The gap between rich and poor , already a challenge to our ideas of social justice , will become a chasm that mere equality of opportunity will be powerless to bridge .
In either case , the US government , hamstrung by already-wide deficits , may feel powerless to respond with countercyclical fiscal policy .
To be the beneficiary of an action is less glorious than to be the benefactor , because it hints at powerlessness and dependence .
Parliament was lively , but essentially powerless .
Of course , in times of horror such as the Holocaust and Ukraine 's Holodomyr , isolated and powerless individuals may swaddle themselves in indifference simply to retain some shred of sanity .
But the OSCE was almost completely powerless during the Kyrgyzstan crisis , and only recently was it finally able to secure agreement to send a small police advisory group there .
Those who work in the field know that once sex abusers control a powerless victim , they will invariably push the boundaries with ever more extreme behavior . Abusers start by undressing their victims , but once that line has been breached , you are likely to hear from the victim about oral and anal penetration , greater and greater pain and fear being inflicted , and more and more carelessness about exposing the crimes as the perpetrator 's inhibitions fall away .
Some economists argue that once deflation sets in , central banks are powerless because nominal interest rates can not be pushed below zero .
Monetary policy is far from powerless to mitigate a contraction in economic activity when deflation strikes , or when an economy flirts dangerously with it .
Whatever the outcome , the choice of Lebanon 's next president will emerge from a political maelstrom -- one that he will almost certainly be powerless to allay .
What makes this possibility the financial nightmare of choice , worse than the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008 , is the fear that many sovereign states have already shot all their bullets and would thus be powerless to intervene .
