He preferred to concentrate on constitutional reforms that were largely interpreted as a bid to strip the new president , Stjepan Mesic -LRB- himself a longtime opponent of Tudjman -RRB- of the robust executive powers Tudjman wrote into the constitution for himself .
Pending the results of such research , paracetamol remains the preferred drug to relieve pain and fever in childhood , to be used in accordance with WHO guidelines , which recommend that it should be reserved for children with a high fever -LRB- 38.5 Co or above -RRB- .
Paracetamol also remains the preferred drug to relieve pain or fever in children or adults with asthma , because aspirin or other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs may provoke attacks of asthma in susceptible people with this condition .
As it is , bank executives expect to share in any gains that might flow to common shareholders , but they are insulated from the consequences that losses , produced by their choices , could impose on preferred shareholders , bondholders , depositors , or the government as a guarantor of deposits .
Thus , rather than tying executive pay to a specified percentage of the value of the bank 's common shares , compensation could be tied to a specified percentage of the aggregate value of the bank 's common shares , preferred shares , and all the outstanding bonds issued by the bank .
Nevertheless , while such a compensation structure would lead executives to internalize the interests of preferred shareholders and bondholders , thereby improving incentives , it would be insufficient to induce executives to internalize fully the interests of the government as the guarantor of deposits .
The common shareholders in financial firms do not have an incentive to induce executives to take into account the losses that risks can impose on preferred shareholders , bondholders , depositors , and taxpayers .
As a result , executives were not exposed to the potential negative consequences that large losses could bring about for preferred shareholders , bondholders , and the government as a guarantor of deposits .
This basket should include , at the very least , preferred shares and bonds .
Indeed , the Socialists opposed de Gaulle 's decision to withdraw France from NATO 's unified military command , opposed the creation of an independent French nuclear arsenal -LRB- they preferred the American nuclear guarantee -RRB- , and were hostile to de Gaulle 's rupture with Israel after the Six Day War .
Once it became clear that his gambit would fail , Obasanjo found a compromise : he named a man he trusted , Yar ` Adua , a little-known northern governor and devout Muslim , as his preferred successor .
It was an arrangement that suited everyone : the Japanese became rich , the Americans had a compliant anti-communist vassal state , and other Asians , even Communist China , preferred Pax Americana to a revival of Japanese military clout .
They preferred to be paid without working .
Popper 's preferred method , of course , was the ballot box .
On every previous occasion , member states preferred compromise to rupture .
Indeed , Franco Modigliani also argued that investors have a `` preferred habitat , '' and that coaxing them out of it carries some cost .
Thus , let national negotiators , local leaders , and communities determine what their economic needs and priorities are , and let insurgents determine their preferred venue for reintegration .
Of course , conservatives and Republicans could hope that their own favorite policy priorities would emerge as the administration 's preferred strategy .
The Treasury and Federal Reserve are adding preferred stock to the balance sheets of the US mortgage giants Fannie Mae and FHLBC and the insurance giant AIG in the hope of shoring up their capital cushions and lowering their borrowing costs so that they can buy more mortgages .
He preferred to confront corrupt institutions one at a time as he consolidated his rule .
Others , who see a substantially undervalued renminbi as a significant factor in US unemployment , will be disappointed by gradual adjustment . They would have preferred a sharp revaluation of perhaps 20 % in order to make a noticeable dent in the US unemployment rate .
The UK wanted a system in which global liquidity would be regulated by a multilateral institution , while the US , for self-interested reasons , preferred a dollar-based system .
The second is the one preferred by political scientists and European visionaries : greater fiscal union among the 17 eurozone members , or , in blunt terms , German willingness to do for the eurozone what it did for eastern Germany -- namely , write large checks for years to come .
Very close species may have similar behavioral systems and , in the case of our close predecessors , the shared features probably included many traits we have preferred to consider the monopoly of our species , including symbolic behavior .
But it is beginning to emerge that many also preferred to stay in a social environment that they trusted rather than fleeing to safer , but foreign , surroundings .
It wants to maintain preferred access to Iran 's energy resources , but if conflict results from Iran 's nuclear aspirations , China will be paying much more for those resources .
After deposing his father in a palace coup in 1995 , Al Thani was suddenly confronted with a hostile Saudi Arabia and Egypt , whose elites despised the ambitious young ruler and preferred his more timid father .
One unsettling consequence of US diplomacy is that it has reinforced Iran 's role in Iraq , because Maliki is Iran 's preferred candidate for Prime Minister .
For instance , many users preferred the word-processing program WordPerfect to Microsoft 's Word , but the ease of having a bundled solution meant that Word had the advantage of being used more widely , and thus drove its rival into extinction .
Indeed , political entanglements are one of two sources of weakness in European-style family capitalism , as owners seek political advantages and preferred access as much as they strive for technical innovation .
They should therefore be preferred mates .
Teddy Roosevelt , of course , preferred to `` Speak softly and carry a big stick . ''
Of course , it is not politically correct to call them bailouts -- the preferred language of policymakers is `` liquidity support '' or `` systemic protection . ''
Of course , Russia 's rulers have usually preferred myth to reality .
Before 2010 , most Asian countries would have preferred not to choose between China and the US .
Were Thatcherite leaders who would take society by the scruff of the neck and promote change needed , or were passive leaders á la Clinton and Schroeder to be preferred in the hope that weak government would not retard economic growth ?
Many recall the preferred strategy of former Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir : `` I would have conducted negotiations on autonomy for ten years , and in the meantime we would have reached a half-million people in the West Bank . ''
Instead , they preferred an opaque power-sharing system in which no identifiable person would bear ultimate responsibility for decisions .
Financial markets , no doubt , will be skeptical about the eurozone members ' solemn commitment that the de facto Greek default will remain the exception . Verbal assurances have been the European Union 's preferred currency in tackling the euro crisis , but words now have as little value as Greece 's sovereign debt .
Again , reporting such a messy story is a challenge ; most Western news editors have preferred to highlight Iraq and Afghanistan .
At the same time , overwhelming majorities of Kurds , Sunnis , and Shi'ites -- more than eight out of ten -- preferred to be seen as Iraqis first , believing that `` Iraq will be a better society if people treat one another as Iraqis . ''
Because its preferred approach of regime change has proven slower than expected , and because time plays into Kim 's hands , the Bush administration faces three other options in attempting to deal with North Korea 's nuclear weapons .
In other words , the network provides power to achieve preferred outcomes with other players rather than over them .
The EU 's unanimity rule remains the preferred means for decision-making in this field , although some limited exceptions are discussed .
The carbon-dioxide effect can also change the preferred patterns of atmospheric circulation , which can exacerbate extremes of heat , drought , or rainfall in some regions , while reducing them in others .
He preferred humor to hectoring , gently making fun of those whom he criticized , while always making sure that even the most severe intellectual critique did not deny the humanity of his opponents .
The problem is that economists -LRB- and those who listen to them -RRB- became over-confident in their preferred models of the moment : markets are efficient , financial innovation transfers risk to those best able to bear it , self-regulation works best , and government intervention is ineffective and harmful .
No economist can be entirely sure that his preferred model is correct .
Thus , paradoxically nationalization may be a more market-friendly solution : it wipes out common and preferred shareholders of clearly insolvent institutions , and possibly unsecured creditors if the insolvency is too large , while providing a fair upside to the tax-payer .
But six years of divisive as well as dismissively haughty misrule by Tung 's administration , which pits one group against another as its preferred method of governance , suggest that Hong Kong 's problems are much deeper .
Not only do investors view the risks of depression and deflation as greater than those of default , but bonds are being preferred to equities for the same reason .
The injection of government funds would be much less problematic if it were applied to the equity rather than the balance sheet . $ 700billion in preferred stock with warrants may be sufficient to make up the hole created by the bursting of the housing bubble .
And the dollar could still remain the preferred reserve currency , provided it is prudently managed .
And , because there is no strategic reason to run large surpluses , with an excess of savings over investment , maintaining reasonable balance on the current account appears to be the preferred course .
By issuing preferred shares with warrants -LRB- options -RRB- , one reduces the public 's downside risk and ensures that they participate in some of the upside potential .
Worse , in America stock options became a preferred form of compensation -- often worth more than an executive 's base pay .
Under Wolfensohn , the Bank repeatedly stood up to the United States , where both the Clinton and Bush administrations might have preferred a more pliant President .
Both the Bush administration and the EU would undoubtedly have preferred less criticism of their trade regimes , which have such adverse effects on developing countries .
When unemployment rates in Iraq soared to 60 % , hiring Iraqis would have made sense ; but the contractors preferred to import cheap labor from Nepal , Philippines , and other countries .
One immediate implication of serving on the Council will be the need to take positions on matters that in recent years some Indian mandarins have preferred to duck -- for example , South Sudan , whose referendum on independence threatens to spark serious violence in an area where Indian UN peacekeepers are already serving .
But , as protagonists in the complex web of interaction between the Muslim and the Western worlds , they view militant terrorism as their preferred option .
Their preferred model calls for the UN to provide the funding and most other support for the mission , while allowing the AU to maintain its leadership role .
Another option would be to allow every adult to vote directly in a global referendum for his or her preferred option .
All it means is that , if we want to live harmoniously with another species in our most intimate places , we must recognize that some of the time our preferred modes of reasoning are not theirs .
But , despite past US administrations ' opportunity to make their influence felt , they preferred to permit Israel , an allied , friendly state , to do what it wanted .
But RMB appreciation is not the preferred instrument for achieving this goal .
