The EU does not have a common foreign policy and it will not have one in the foreseeable future , but this is no reason to continue to provide a preference to France and Britain .
Europeans tend to prefer vacations over growth .
Friends of Iraq in Paris and Moscow consulted Baghdad to see whom Saddam would prefer .
But Reinfeldt , like Jacques Chirac , has forgotten something . Liberal-minded people may very well prefer not just to exchange one cynical prime minister for another at the next election .
They may prefer a clear choice .
People may have a taste for oranges or bananas , or a preference for enjoying life today instead of saving for the future .
For example , in the standard economic analysis of workplace gender discrimination , men do not like to associate with women on the job -- in the same way that they might prefer apples to oranges .
But neither gender nor racial discrimination arises from purely personal preferences .
But national preferences are diverse , and if mechanically imposed , fiscal centralization might incite resistance .
However much politicians who call for energy independence might prefer it otherwise , the market has chosen oil as a staple energy source .
The US , as the most powerful member of the international system , tends to prefer ad hoc approaches to global governance .
Europeans prefer a more systematic reliance on the rule of law , and also on what has come to be known as the global public-goods paradigm .
Gazprom has flooded the market in Turkey , withheld gas in Ukraine , threatened to do so in Belarus , and offered preferential market access to willing partners , such as Italy .
In exchange for gas deals with rival suppliers , such as Algeria , Russia has offered vast concessions on arms and preferential debt terms .
Not all countries will embrace the Protocol . Some will prefer to avoid any strengthening of economic , social , and cultural rights and will seek to maintain the status quo . The better and fairer position , however , is to embrace the vision of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and promote unambiguously the idea that human dignity requires respect for the equally vital and mutually dependent freedoms from fear and want .
They are aided by the fact that some within the government would prefer to close a sorrowful chapter of human rights violations rather than bringing it to a conclusion .
Putin has spoken continuously about the need for the rule of law , but in his TV statement on October 27 , he effectively stated his preference for law enforcers .
But Putin and his siloviki -LRB- political allies whose power base is in the security apparatus -RRB- seem to prefer an `` inertia strategy , '' the worst of the Russia 2020 scenarios .
The siloviki , however , prefer Russia isolated and authoritarian , with power securely in their hands .
Many diplomats would prefer to forget the Russo-Georgian war or sweep it under the rug .
It is worth keeping in mind what advocates of a Palestinian right of return now prefer to forget : Palestinian Arabs and four Arab members of the UN went to war in 1948 not only against Israel , but against international legitimacy and the UN plan for a two-state solution .
Instead , they prefer to fall back on military-dominated plans for strengthening the capacity of the Afghan army and police , while heeding domestic pressure to demonstrate that Afghanistan will not be an endless conflict .
This tends to make Japanese exporters prefer to price in yen .
If the Japanese firm sells its goods to a particular Swiss market dominated by Swiss firms -LRB- which invoice in Swiss francs -RRB- , it would prefer to price in Swiss francs too .
If Japanese firms are dominant in a particular Swiss market , they prefer to price in yen : a Japanese firm then would not have to worry about losing market share when the yen appreciated , because its competitors would face the same pressures .
I believe that early adoption of the euro is not only possible , but preferable to delay .
But is early admission to EMU preferable to postponing membership ?
Designing an environment to suit animals ' psychological and physiological needs would be far preferable to the minimalism , otherwise known as `` standardization , '' that is currently employed .
He preferred to concentrate on constitutional reforms that were largely interpreted as a bid to strip the new president , Stjepan Mesic -LRB- himself a longtime opponent of Tudjman -RRB- of the robust executive powers Tudjman wrote into the constitution for himself .
Pending the results of such research , paracetamol remains the preferred drug to relieve pain and fever in childhood , to be used in accordance with WHO guidelines , which recommend that it should be reserved for children with a high fever -LRB- 38.5 Co or above -RRB- .
Paracetamol also remains the preferred drug to relieve pain or fever in children or adults with asthma , because aspirin or other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs may provoke attacks of asthma in susceptible people with this condition .
Stock market listed companies control a big share of almost every country 's resources , so the free flow of corporate money into politics can have a profound impact on politicians ' preferences and choices .
Rather , such decisions are likely to reflect the preferences and objectives of the insiders who manage the companies , ostensibly on shareholders ' behalf .
And politicians that benefit from corporate spending and access to corporate resources will have an interest in serving the insiders ' preferences and objectives .
As a result , insiders benefit from , and prefer to have , rules concerning corporate governance and investor protection that are more lax than those that are in the interest of shareholders and society .
As it is , bank executives expect to share in any gains that might flow to common shareholders , but they are insulated from the consequences that losses , produced by their choices , could impose on preferred shareholders , bondholders , depositors , or the government as a guarantor of deposits .
Thus , rather than tying executive pay to a specified percentage of the value of the bank 's common shares , compensation could be tied to a specified percentage of the aggregate value of the bank 's common shares , preferred shares , and all the outstanding bonds issued by the bank .
Nevertheless , while such a compensation structure would lead executives to internalize the interests of preferred shareholders and bondholders , thereby improving incentives , it would be insufficient to induce executives to internalize fully the interests of the government as the guarantor of deposits .
The common shareholders in financial firms do not have an incentive to induce executives to take into account the losses that risks can impose on preferred shareholders , bondholders , depositors , and taxpayers .
There is little reason to expect the political preferences of corporate insiders to mirror those of the public investors funding the company .
As a result , executives were not exposed to the potential negative consequences that large losses could bring about for preferred shareholders , bondholders , and the government as a guarantor of deposits .
This basket should include , at the very least , preferred shares and bonds .
Are we to believe that those consequences are preferable to the unintended consequences of pay regulation ?
The Israeli strategy of peacemaking therefore oscillates between two visions : while the Israeli left gives priority to the Palestinian problem , the Israeli right prefers pursuing a settlement with the big Arab powers .
But the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is nonetheless sui generis : either the parties ' six-decade mutual deadlock is not unbearable enough , or they prefer to pay the price of conflict rather than compromise their national ethos .
A religious decision can be a matter of passionate commitment -LRB- as in Kierkegaard 's `` leap of faith '' -RRB- , or , more commonly , an emotionally low-intensity consumer option -LRB- expressed in the telling American phrase `` religious preference '' -RRB- .
It is a jungle out there , as Americans say ; not every problem and conflict can be handled through the sort of peaceful , drawn-out negotiations that the EU prefers .
They can not simply wait for America to move , nor can they always seek to placate Washington 's preferences .
Indeed , when Russia demanded that agreed limitations on nuclear strategic warheads be defined in a document binding both Moscow and Washington , the US balked , preferring a vague declaration of principle instead .
So good trade policy should push for multilateral trade liberalization such as at the Doha Round , rather than preferential trade agreements -LRB- PTAs -RRB- such as free-trade areas -LRB- FTAs -RRB- , and also ensure that any retreat into protectionism does not degenerate into discriminatory trade practices .
Left-leaning pundits claim that the dictator 's daughter has the same autocratic vision as her father , though Park invariably prefers incremental change to radical measures , and cut her political teeth in the tough-minded politics of the GNP .
Indeed , the Socialists opposed de Gaulle 's decision to withdraw France from NATO 's unified military command , opposed the creation of an independent French nuclear arsenal -LRB- they preferred the American nuclear guarantee -RRB- , and were hostile to de Gaulle 's rupture with Israel after the Six Day War .
In such a crucially important debate , the quality of the information offered is paramount , and it is no coincidence that those who oppose stem cell research prefer to avoid a public debate that would force them to confront scientific arguments .
North America has largely ignored the significance of `` common , '' preferring to focus on `` market . ''
Private capital , of course , is preferable , but , given the risk that it will be wiped out by future public intervention , investors will be wary .
If people are able to migrate , they will move to jurisdictions with the mix of taxes and services -LRB- e.g. , quality schools -RRB- that they prefer .
While universities and industry may be wary of taxation , they might prefer a tissue tax over endless negotiations with countless tissue donors over the sharing of uncertain future benefits .
Once it became clear that his gambit would fail , Obasanjo found a compromise : he named a man he trusted , Yar ` Adua , a little-known northern governor and devout Muslim , as his preferred successor .
Voters may prefer Lopez Obrador , but they value Mexico 's stability above all .
Easing tensions will not win Bush points with those who prefer a muscular strategy .
Belgium followed the mainly French monetarist school , while the Netherlands shared Germany 's preference for economic convergence before committing to exchange-rate parity .
But both oligarchs prefer Yanukovich to Yushchenko , who has vowed to `` end corruption '' and send `` bandits '' to jail .
Those who have been released prefer to keep silent about their experiences .
Lula is sceptical that the FTAA can serve Brazil 's interests and would prefer to boost MERCOSUL , the customs union linking Brazil with its neighbors .
A multi-polar world , many thought , would be vastly preferable to more Pax Americana .
The complexities of black anger , white guilt , and of black , and white fear , are so vexed that most Americans prefer not to talk about race at all .
Most editors , when they cover Japan at all , prefer stories about the zaniness of its popular youth culture , or the wilder shores of Japanese sex .
Even if the system were to become something like Japan 's democracy in the 1920 's , with two more or less conservative parties competing for power , this would still be preferable to a one-party state .
True , for most people , life under right-wing Asian strongmen was , on the whole , preferable to life under Mao , Pol Pot , Kim Il Sung , or even Ho Chi Minh .
It was an arrangement that suited everyone : the Japanese became rich , the Americans had a compliant anti-communist vassal state , and other Asians , even Communist China , preferred Pax Americana to a revival of Japanese military clout .
The US seems to prefer an obedient one-party state to a difficult , faltering , but more democratic partner in Asia .
Now , one might argue that the dignified pomp of Queen Elizabeth II is preferable to the tawdry grandiosity of Silvio Berlusconi , Madonna , or Cristiano Ronaldo .
One place to start is to evaluate the economic impact of new technologies , preferably before they are released to the public .
A criminal law that makes it preferable for carriers of HIV not to know that they are infected and capable of spreading it to others , including their loved ones , seems particularly suited to Mr. Bumble 's condemnation .
The Wolf that Ate Georgia FLORENCE -- In Phaedrus 's well-known fable of the wolf and the lamb , the wolf easily could have eaten the lamb without a word , but prefers to set out his `` reasons . ''
But in other cases , opposition to America 's preferences is wrought by public sentiment and goes against the instincts of leaders who know better .
The business interests that finance political campaigns face a difficult dilemma : Is it preferable to align with a PLC dominated by a corrupt Alemán or support a new democratic force and risk helping Ortega win ?
Polls show that an overwhelming majority of Sandinista voters prefers the former Managua mayor -- 72 % versus 18 % for Ortega .
India 's Illiterate Revolution The United States has long been divided over what it calls `` affirmative action , '' a system of racial preferences intended to overcome the lingering consequences of slavery and discrimination against black Americans .
Unless India 's highly educated stand up for better schools for all , protests against caste preferences will only succeed in heightening tensions and selling newspapers , rather than improving the lives of India 's destitute .
As in America , the issue is not racial and class reservations and preferences , but ensuring high-quality primary education for all , rich and poor alike .
As India 's educated revolt against preferences , they should not do so in a way that reinforces illiteracy .
While the far right in the Republican Party would prefer these immigrants return home -- a move that would be devastating to Latin America as well as the United States -- all of the presidential candidates have clearer heads .
Both revelations underscore China 's preference for strategic subterfuge .
True , Asian democracies , however unstable , are preferable to autocracies , whether military , as in Pakistan and Burma , or communist , as in China and Vietnam .
While such ideas are not for everyone , certain Continental countries secretly prefer Britain 's disjointed scenarios , with some heads of governments even considering their countries ' commitments reversible .
There is now a bigger difference between the voting preferences of Southern white women and white women in the rest of the country than between men and women .
Automobile companies can not adjust immediately to a change in consumer preferences regarding what type of cars they want to purchase , or how frequently . Would-be financiers can not adjust to these plans overnight .
They preferred to be paid without working .
If multi-party democracy leads to violent and uncompromising electoral blocs , then most reflective people will prefer one-party rule that ensures social stability .
Internationally , Europe likes multilateral arrangements , whereas America prefers to go it alone .
Popper 's preferred method , of course , was the ballot box .
Who would not wish to live in a meritocracy ? It is certainly preferable to a plutocracy , in which wealth determines status , or a gerontocracy , in which age leads one to the top , or even an aristocracy , in which what counts are inherited titles and properties .
So meritocracy seems preferable , at least at first sight .
`` Generation consciousness , '' unlike the `` class consciousness '' of old , is obviously not a defining factor in people 's political preferences .
The political class becomes a kind of nomenklatura of leaders who prefer popularity to debate .
Somehow , people prefer `` softer '' values than were prevalent in the last two decades .
As long as it remains possible to remove those in power by peaceful means , such as elections , the translation of relative majorities into strong governments is preferable to weak coalitions with numerical majorities .
Many right-wing politicians , however , appear to prefer taking refuge in populism , nationalism and nostalgia .
No doubt they would prefer the government to tell them the truth first .
On every previous occasion , member states preferred compromise to rupture .
But the past three years proved in practice that he prefers subservience to the war policy of President Bush to any sense of community with Europe .
Indeed , Franco Modigliani also argued that investors have a `` preferred habitat , '' and that coaxing them out of it carries some cost .
Thus , let national negotiators , local leaders , and communities determine what their economic needs and priorities are , and let insurgents determine their preferred venue for reintegration .
The economy rapidly rebalances itself and thus returns to full employment -- and does so with a configuration of employment and production that is better adapted to current consumer preferences .
Of course , conservatives and Republicans could hope that their own favorite policy priorities would emerge as the administration 's preferred strategy .
Keynes , in his General Theory of Employment , Interest and Money , set out the framework that nearly all macroeconomists use today . That framework is based on spending and demand , the determinants of the components of spending , the liquidity-preference theory of short-run interest rates , and the requirement that government make strategic but powerful interventions in the economy to keep it on an even keel and avoid extremes of depression and manic excess .
One year , they might seek to control inflation , but the previous year they sought to reduce unemployment , and next year they might try to lower the government 's debt refinancing costs , and the year after that they might worry about keeping the exchange rate at whatever value their political masters prefer .
The Treasury and Federal Reserve are adding preferred stock to the balance sheets of the US mortgage giants Fannie Mae and FHLBC and the insurance giant AIG in the hope of shoring up their capital cushions and lowering their borrowing costs so that they can buy more mortgages .
Time preference means that the $ 600 billion addition to the debt today , which Barro sees as the cost of stimulus , is not nearly as burdensome as a demand to pay $ 600 billion now would be .
This may delay entry into the EU but that is preferable to inciting chaos on the island and across the eastern Mediterranean .
Fearful of challenging the armed terrorists , the international bodies that govern Kosovo prefer to appease them .
While he claims to be pro-Western , he prefers that extraditions of indicted Serb war criminals to the Hague conform to Serbian law .
He preferred to confront corrupt institutions one at a time as he consolidated his rule .
So , instead of acting to defend our civilization , we prefer to discuss reducing our 35-hour workweek or improving our dental coverage , or extending our four weeks of annual paid vacation . Or perhaps we listen to television pastors preach about the need to `` reach out to terrorists , '' to understand and forgive .
Its position in the world economy is marginal -- tenuously plugged into global investment flows and dependent on northern markets for its commodity exports , tariff preferences , and financial aid .
In this instance , Mexico prefers multilateralism to unilateralism , and peaceful disarmament over military might , because Mexico 's interests diverge from those of the US .
While many immigrants would welcome the idea of returning to Mexico after temporary employment in the US , many others would prefer to immigrate permanently to the US .
The electoral process has been unable to guarantee decent democratic governance , rein in predatory practices among the political class , or make public officials follow established rules , keep them responsive to citizen preferences , and deter them from channeling public funds into private hands .
Dell did n't ask : `` Would you prefer the old versions of the operating system and MS Office that you know how to use ? ''
Others , who see a substantially undervalued renminbi as a significant factor in US unemployment , will be disappointed by gradual adjustment . They would have preferred a sharp revaluation of perhaps 20 % in order to make a noticeable dent in the US unemployment rate .
The UK wanted a system in which global liquidity would be regulated by a multilateral institution , while the US , for self-interested reasons , preferred a dollar-based system .
The second option is clearly preferable . After all , it is always better to control one 's own fate .
The second is the one preferred by political scientists and European visionaries : greater fiscal union among the 17 eurozone members , or , in blunt terms , German willingness to do for the eurozone what it did for eastern Germany -- namely , write large checks for years to come .
European military effectiveness is also curbed by different procurement policies , as those countries that produce military hardware prefer to keep orders at home .
Very close species may have similar behavioral systems and , in the case of our close predecessors , the shared features probably included many traits we have preferred to consider the monopoly of our species , including symbolic behavior .
Some people would prefer China to move to a totally free market without regulation and management , but the recent crises have reminded everyone that free-market fundamentalism has its drawbacks , too .
It was not `` preferential '' policies or skewed resource allocation by the government that caused China 's coastal cities to boom , but rather their proximity to the ocean , which was and remains the cheapest way to move resources and products .
The politicians prefer to postpone the inevitable by putting public money where private money will no longer go , because doing so allows creditors to maintain the fiction that the accounting value of the Greek bonds that they hold need not be reduced .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel gives speeches at security conferences that find favor in America , but otherwise Germany prefers to stay in the background .
But most West Europeans prefer `` difficult partner . ''
The US wants to resolve the global crisis by providing substantially more financial help , which Europe is refusing to commit , preferring to focus on financial regulatory reform .
This is partly why Israel prefers the United States as sole mediator , and it is also why Israel 's acceptance of a monopoly role for the US evaporates as soon as any American president starts developing views different from its own .
Such a tax should start with turning the EU current exclusion of settlements ' products from preferential customs treatment into a full-scale ban on imports from settlements -- and any transactions with them .
Another reason for our greater fear of terrorism is that whereas ordinary criminals prefer secrecy , terrorists crave publicity .
These two great academic cultures also prefer to study humanity without having to mingle with flesh-and-blood human beings .
In Asia , people in most countries still believe that a ¡ ° good democracy ¡ ± is more important than a ¡ ° strong economy . ¡ ± The opposite is true , however , in democratic Indonesia , where 69 % prefer a strong economy .
Syria 's situation is similar , but different . Syria profited directly from trade with Iraq and from oil transport fees , while Saddam 's fall turned the spotlight on subjects that the regime prefers to keep in the dark : Syria 's role in Lebanon , its support for Hezbollah and some Palestinian organizations , one-party rule , and human rights violations .
The dowry tradition puts pressure on girls ' families to marry them early , leading to a preference for sons -- and thus to sex-specific abortions targeting female fetuses .
Contractors in municipal services , for example , prefer to use children in order to cut costs .
In countries like Greece , Finland , Italy , and Portugal , joining the single currency ran against the interests of some industrialists , who viewed the devaluation of the national currency as preferable to better but tougher choices aimed at maintaining and improving competitiveness .
To disregard a patient 's preferences once he loses the ability to make decisions -- as occurred when DeBakey 's wife reportedly stormed into a late-night hospital ethics committee meeting and demanded that the surgery take place -- violates the hard-won respect for patients ' autonomy gained over the past 20 years .
Kremlin watchers , also stuck with Cold War mindsets , prefer to believe that President Putin and his ministers are playing a game of `` good cop\/bad cop , '' in which , where the West is concerned , Mr Putin is good and everyone else is bad .
But it is beginning to emerge that many also preferred to stay in a social environment that they trusted rather than fleeing to safer , but foreign , surroundings .
Like scientists , they prefer to work with huge amounts of data , which is why the US government wants a record of every call and financial transaction made by every inhabitant of the country .
Should a sharp downturn take place , it may still be argued that such a correction has been long expected , and that a sharp shock is preferable to a slow and agonizing adjustment .
Despite Russia 's history after 1917 , one dominant political party is preferable to none at all .
Firms do not compete freely for stock market capital ; former SOEs , indeed , receive preferential treatment .
UnionPay , the market leader , is expensive for retailers to install , and many shops prefer cash to avoid tax .
Néstor Kirchner , Cristina 's husband and Argentina 's current president , did not want to run for office again , despite being legally permitted to do so and voters ' preference for him over her .
It wants to maintain preferred access to Iran 's energy resources , but if conflict results from Iran 's nuclear aspirations , China will be paying much more for those resources .
It is up to the US to work with China and others to do this , and this requires America 's openness to others ' preferences and their having a larger role .
One might suspect the influence of French political traditions which , on the right as much as on the left , always prefer purity of principle to messy compromise .
While pragmatism has come to dominate northern Europe 's socialist parties since the 1930 's -- and , after the 1957 Congress of Bad Godesberg , the Germany 's Social Democratic Party -LRB- SPD -RRB- as well -- a preference for revolutionary ideology has always prevailed , at least on the rhetorical level , among French socialists .
A third similarity concerns the strong correlation between voters ' social and economic status and their preferences .
In the case of nascent democracies , the formula that is now often made compulsory is this : lift all bans on political activities , liberalize the media , hold elections -LRB- the sooner , the better -RRB- , resolve all minority issues in favor of the minorities , abandon trade barriers , and rid the country of corruption , preferably overnight .
Indeed , it is now starkly apparent that much of Al-Qaida and its top leadership prefer refuge in Pakistan to any other place .
The military , after decades of rule , has dismantled all forms of political organization -- parties , trade unions , and student associations -- leaving a Pakistani society immobilized , apathetic , and incapable of articulating its preferences .
After deposing his father in a palace coup in 1995 , Al Thani was suddenly confronted with a hostile Saudi Arabia and Egypt , whose elites despised the ambitious young ruler and preferred his more timid father .
This would prove impossible to eradicate in the absence of improved means of cleaning and decontaminating surgical instruments and a specific test -- preferably based on a blood assay -- to screen asymptomatic carriers .
One unsettling consequence of US diplomacy is that it has reinforced Iran 's role in Iraq , because Maliki is Iran 's preferred candidate for Prime Minister .
But there are many less familiar examples of information that is learned or acquired from parents by non-genetic means , ranging from the feeding techniques of monkeys and rats to the food preferences of rabbits and the song dialects of birds and whales .
Would n't an Italian company facing grid failure prefer to shut down French rather than Italian consumers ?
For instance , many users preferred the word-processing program WordPerfect to Microsoft 's Word , but the ease of having a bundled solution meant that Word had the advantage of being used more widely , and thus drove its rival into extinction .
Advocates of monetary stimulation sometimes argue that it is preferable because it is more neutral in its distributional effects , and that its benefits are spread more widely .
Indeed , political entanglements are one of two sources of weakness in European-style family capitalism , as owners seek political advantages and preferred access as much as they strive for technical innovation .
In rural Iraq the tradition is that a person preferably should die at home with his or her family around .
In his later work , Darwin introduced another selection criteria that may be just as important , but which has received much less attention : mating preference , or sexual selection .
As Darwin did not believe that pure aesthetics would guide female peacocks and lions in their choice of mating partners , he had to find a rational reason for females ' preference for males with hindering characteristics .
They should therefore be preferred mates .
Teddy Roosevelt , of course , preferred to `` Speak softly and carry a big stick . ''
First , is there evidence that US politicians respond to lower-income voters ' preferences or desires ?
Specifically , problems in the US housing sector have , since summer , undermined confidence in securitized assets . The net result has been to shift global portfolio preferences in ways that have affected some exchange rates significantly .
Some form of default will almost surely be forced upon Greece , and this may be the most preferable alternative .
No significant Wall Street voices acknowledged his concerns -- preferring instead to praise the equity markets as a shining example of well-functioning technology .
Of course , it is not politically correct to call them bailouts -- the preferred language of policymakers is `` liquidity support '' or `` systemic protection . ''
Instead of a dialogue of civilizations and support for modernist forces in the Middle East , preference has been given to an almost opposite course of action .
Iran 's Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , has repeatedly said in public settings that he will not declare his preference among the candidates .
In order to dominate decision-making , Khamenei prefers weak presidents .
As a result , postcommunists prefer to place their offspring in lucrative commercial jobs where they can pile up foreign-currency fortunes .
Of course , Russia 's rulers have usually preferred myth to reality .
Before 2010 , most Asian countries would have preferred not to choose between China and the US .
The hard-to-do is preferable to the unacceptable and the unthinkable .
Today , the defunct economic theory is that a rapid shift in preferences -- colorfully called a `` reduced appetite for risk '' -- is the key reason behind the current sub-prime mortgage and financial crisis .
The sub-prime market seems too small to have caused such a broad-based change in risk preference .
The key to understanding financial markets , especially when they are as unsettled as they have been in recent weeks , is not a change in preferences , but inherent imperfection of knowledge and altered expectations concerning the future course of macroeconomic fundamentals .
Of course , with an augmented supply of euros , China can be expected to make substantial investments in Europe , which also is a good thing , especially since , in the United States at least , China has demonstrated a preference for investments in financial institutions rocked by the sub-prime crisis .
Were Thatcherite leaders who would take society by the scruff of the neck and promote change needed , or were passive leaders á la Clinton and Schroeder to be preferred in the hope that weak government would not retard economic growth ?
Unforeseen uprisings are possible wherever repression keeps people from expressing their political preferences openly .
They themselves are divided , with preferences ranging from Sharia rule in one form or another to a `` Turkish model '' involving mild Islamism capable of achieving mass support through the ballot box .
Finally a ceasefire must be supported by round-the-clock negotiations -LRB- preferably in secret with top-level US involvement -RRB- aimed at ending the basic reason for the violence -- the occupation of the Palestinian areas -- and determining the issues of borders , settlements , refugees , and Jerusalem .
Wars account for dramatic shifts in voter preferences , and radical leaders and parties often poll much higher after a round of sharp violence than in normal times .
Mahmoud Abbas -- unanimously elected as Fatah 's leader and commander-in-chief -- made clear that while all options remain available for ending the occupation , the preference is still negotiations .
Many recall the preferred strategy of former Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir : `` I would have conducted negotiations on autonomy for ten years , and in the meantime we would have reached a half-million people in the West Bank . ''
By focusing on the need to reach agreements on borders within a short time period , Palestinians are saying that they do not see any need to negotiate gradual steps , preferring to agree on the final settlement first and then work back on issues of implementation .
But many Arabs nowadays prefer to give the US a break .
Hamas understands the political obligations that it must meet in order to be fully accepted in the world community , but its leaders prefer to wait until they are fully empowered before exploring these issues .
Instead , they preferred an opaque power-sharing system in which no identifiable person would bear ultimate responsibility for decisions .
Leaders of the poor prefer to romanticize the past .
But the workers , having seen what Morales-style management is like , refused , preferring to remain in the private sector .
The new NATO operational fund would clearly be more equitable than today 's system , which penalizes proactive member states and rewards members that prefer to do nothing .
So the government will prefer to muddle through the crisis , rather than risk any decisive reform .
Russian leaders ' high ratings do not , however , indicate a rational preference for the incumbents over potential contenders ; with political competition in Russia eviscerated , comparison and choice are not part of the political left .
Enrollment is voluntary and expanding gradually ; the poorest , who are fully subsidized , have preference and are required to participate in health promotion activities .
Political leaders rarely espouse clear priorities , preferring to seem capable of giving everything to everybody .
Financial markets , no doubt , will be skeptical about the eurozone members ' solemn commitment that the de facto Greek default will remain the exception . Verbal assurances have been the European Union 's preferred currency in tackling the euro crisis , but words now have as little value as Greece 's sovereign debt .
The government , indeed , prefers to offer only hollow initiatives focused narrowly on the economy .
Indian couples have a strong cultural preference , bordering on obsession , for sons over daughters -- despite the strides in education and employment that women have made over the last few decades .
But , just as understandably , senior political and military officials - particularly in democracies - prefer to avoid any association with torture .
These are just a few examples of the vast misuse of the country 's resources , owing to the marked preference of Senegal 's elite to use import licenses to build up their own fortunes rather than develop import-substitution industries .
As a result , any country formulating strategies to counter the destructive forces of globalization should give overriding priority to a self-centred economic development strategy , preferably within a regional framework .
Again , reporting such a messy story is a challenge ; most Western news editors have preferred to highlight Iraq and Afghanistan .
I prefer to avoid infringement cases , which are costly and time consuming .
Moreover , Blanchard fails to note that the preference for leisure is not gender-neutral .
Until 1990 , France-or , rather , much of its political class-tacitly agreed with Nobel laureate François Mauriac 's famous confession : `` I love Germany so much that I prefer it to be split into two parts . ''
While France prefers an intergovernmental approach , Germany remains prepared to transfer more national sovereignty to the Brussels .
Not surprisingly , the League is calling for new elections in the spring , whereas Berlusconi would prefer to widen the government 's majority by bringing back Casini -- a path beset with hurdles and hazards .
All things being equal , Afghans would prefer security under any regime other than the Taliban .
At the same time , overwhelming majorities of Kurds , Sunnis , and Shi'ites -- more than eight out of ten -- preferred to be seen as Iraqis first , believing that `` Iraq will be a better society if people treat one another as Iraqis . ''
Was it preferable to start with economics -- try and get rich , quick , but do n't rock the boat politically -- in the manner of the Chinese ?
To achieve her goal , she prefers to emphasize her `` essence , '' thereby countering Sarkozy 's stress on his record as a `` doer . ''
Whatever their political preferences , many French voters have the feeling that an `` amateur '' is facing a `` professional . ''
If you want America to lead by the power of example , you favor Barack Obama ; if you want to be reassured by the continuation of America 's power in a traditional security sense , you probably prefer John McCain .
A very conservative regime naturally tends to prefer a Republican candidate over a Democrat .
A former Turkish diplomat in Iran described the business climate in stark terms : `` it is as if Iranians prefer a lose\/lose outcome to a win\/win one in their dealings with foreign partners . ''
The hope was that the Chinese leadership would finally do something -- preferably something bold -- to forestall further decline in the country 's major economic indicators .
My preference is to assume that shocks arrive relatively frequently , but that they vary in size and probability .
Merkel 's style has exacerbated this confusion : she prefers to lead from behind and seems incapable of the stateswoman-like speech that would bring people to accept bolder measures .
But , seen historically , the market 's ability to create a self-interested regard for others is surely preferable to the alternatives .
When economists examine `` human capital , '' they prefer measurable criteria such as years of schooling .
Mugabe would prefer to limit the presence of international observers to those sent by neighboring states -- the same allies that somehow managed to deem the violent and fraudulent elections of the past seven years `` legitimate . ''
New EU `` Battlegroups '' should be strengthened through regular training and certification , preferably using NATO standards , and the EU Military Committee should hold regular Battlegroup conferences to solicit country contributions to future formations .
If I think I need more vitamins , I prefer to take a multivitamin supplement .
If I need a hundred or so calories in a hurry , I prefer a banana , a handful of nuts , or , for that matter , a delicious candy bar .
A powerful prime minister seems preferable .
His observation that the US-China relationship will shape the twenty-first century was not a statement of preference , but an acknowledgement of reality .
The US would , in fact , prefer such a Europe .
Moreover , in her description of our evolution , Fisher notes that males who could tolerate long periods of silence -LRB- waiting for animals while in hunt mode -RRB- survived to pass on their genes , thus genetically selecting to prefer `` space . ''
There is no way to disguise the reality : newspaper readers , in the West at least , are getting older ; younger readers prefer to get their information online , where readers spend far less time actually reading news than print readers do ; and , most agonizingly of all for the industry , people who were willing to pay for newspapers are unwilling to pay for the same content on a screen .
Not only does this comport with the preferences of the American public - polls show that two-thirds of Americans prefer multilateral actions to unilateral ones - but it has practical implications as well .
American foreign policy should have a general preference for multilateralism , but not all forms multilateralism .
Yet they tend to pluralize world politics by calling attention to issues that governments prefer to ignore , and by acting as pressure groups across borders .
While many Europeans admire America 's devotion to freedom , they prefer policies at home that temper the liberal economic principles of individualism with a robust welfare state .
Moreover , the political rhetoric of `` evil '' and `` war '' that mobilizes Americans seems alien to those who prefer a managerial approach .
This means that China and India are deluding themselves if they think that preferential deals for Sudanese or Iranian oil will provide them with security .
Because its preferred approach of regime change has proven slower than expected , and because time plays into Kim 's hands , the Bush administration faces three other options in attempting to deal with North Korea 's nuclear weapons .
In other words , the network provides power to achieve preferred outcomes with other players rather than over them .
For one thing , possession of power resources does not always imply that one can get the outcomes one prefers .
The difficulty for Tadic lies in convincing Serbian voters that drawing closer to the EU is infinitely preferable to remaining attached to an outmoded concept of statehood that can only lead to isolation and backwardness .
The IMF also prefers CFMs to be temporary .
Japanese companies also prefer Qingdao , on the Shandong Peninsula , which specializes in production of high-quality processed food .
Officials also argue that Nigeria 's large population relative to other OPEC members , and the urgent need to earn foreign exchange to invest in infrastructure and social services , necessitates preferential treatment .
The EU 's unanimity rule remains the preferred means for decision-making in this field , although some limited exceptions are discussed .
This trend , which has been under way worldwide for decades , is often decried by American environmentalists , who generally prefer people to move in the opposite direction , toward `` the land . ''
Turkey would prefer that Kirkuk , with its large Turkmen population , be given special status in the forthcoming draft Iraqi constitution .
Two studies that I conducted with colleagues at the University of Beirut use Lebanon to examine the relationship between religion and such social and cultural characteristics as inequality , preference for sons , and the degree of female labor market participation .
Indeed , we found that all Lebanese families strongly prefer sons over daughters .
Indeed , just as our initial research uncovered no evidence of relative Muslim egalitarianism , we discovered no major difference between preference for sons among Christians and Muslims .
While this does not guarantee that no relationship exists between religion and discrimination against women , it suggests that if such a tie does exist , it is unrelated to female labor market participation or preference for sons .
After all , Lebanon does have low social mobility , low female labor market participation , and a strong preference for sons , while other countries do not .
President Lula and others on the left mostly prefer to hold their tongues .
The US , concerned with ensuring stability in case of a transition to a new government , is keeping silent about its preference for Musharraf to remain head of both the government and the army .
The revealed preference of banks ' and bankers ' behavior is that they did not lend more because they thought they could get away with it , but because they thought it was safe .
The Tacoma Narrows Bridge was designed as state of the art , which included a strong aesthetic preference for slender structures .
Similarly , a large share of farmers -- most of them smallholders -- in Argentina , Brazil , South Africa , China , India , and other countries , prefer GM seed because they make more money from the resulting crops .
China will never be interested in Russia 's economic and political modernization , for it prefers Russia to remain a source of mineral and energy resources and a vast `` strategic rear '' in its looming challenge with the United States .
But suspicion of the IMF persists , and most countries , especially in Asia , still prefer costly self-insurance to a form of mutualization perceived as uncertain .
The carbon-dioxide effect can also change the preferred patterns of atmospheric circulation , which can exacerbate extremes of heat , drought , or rainfall in some regions , while reducing them in others .
Politicians , however , prefer to couch the objective in more uplifting and persuasive terms than that of crassly increasing consumption .
He preferred humor to hectoring , gently making fun of those whom he criticized , while always making sure that even the most severe intellectual critique did not deny the humanity of his opponents .
Is it really always so reasonable and effective to listen to System-II preferences ?
But there is nothing irrational in having a very strong preference not to have one 's body used for spare parts after one 's death .
We can not use System II to fault this preference .
The problem is that economists -LRB- and those who listen to them -RRB- became over-confident in their preferred models of the moment : markets are efficient , financial innovation transfers risk to those best able to bear it , self-regulation works best , and government intervention is ineffective and harmful .
Instead of presenting menus of options and listing the relevant trade-offs -- which is what economics is about -- economists have too often conveyed their own social and political preferences .
No economist can be entirely sure that his preferred model is correct .
In a world of divided political sovereignty and diverse national preferences , the push for international harmonization is a recipe for weak and ineffective rules .
Countries like Brazil , China , India , and South Africa , however , have so far shown little interest in contributing to the construction of global regimes , preferring to remain free riders .
That `` something '' now usually seems to be basic political stability , preferably of the democratic kind .
Last but not least , US tax policy hardly encourages private-sector savings , especially giving the preferential tax treatment of real estate .
It would be preferable for China to find a way to substitute Chinese for US private consumption demand , but the system seems unable to move quickly in this direction .
Imagine , someday you might actually prefer digital to human operators .
It would be far preferable to balance tax increases with some reversal of runaway government spending .
When France 's Dominique Strauss-Kahn took over the helm in the fall of 2007 , even poor African countries were shunning the IMF like a leper , preferring to make deals with non-traditional lenders such as China .
Given the massive deleveraging of public - and private-sector debt that lies ahead , and my continuing cynicism about the US political and legal system 's capacity to facilitate workouts , two or three years of slightly elevated inflation strikes me as the best of many very bad options , and far preferable to deflation .
True , given complex risk factors and idiosyncratic policy preferences , it has been particularly challenging of late to divine the logic underlying big exchange-rate swings .
The intellectual father of the euro , Columbia University 's Robert Mundell , once famously opined that the optimal number of currencies in the world is an odd number , preferably less than three .
For now , however , European policymakers seem to prefer to keep escalating the size of bridge loans to the periphery , not wanting to acknowledge that private markets will ultimately require a more durable and sustainable solution .
All of this is well known , even if prominent opinion leaders , politicians , and philanthropists prefer to ignore it .
Thus , paradoxically nationalization may be a more market-friendly solution : it wipes out common and preferred shareholders of clearly insolvent institutions , and possibly unsecured creditors if the insolvency is too large , while providing a fair upside to the tax-payer .
But when a currency 's appreciation is triggered by capital inflows that represent the asset-diversification preferences of advanced-economy investors , it can and should be resisted .
Consumption patterns and preferences are an integral part of such systems .
Egypt 's political elite , fearful of critical media coverage , defeat in fair elections , and even imprisonment , prefer the existing regime and oppose any significant reform .
Too many political leaders , including President George W. Bush , Prime Minister Tony Blair , and the leaders of radical groups in the Middle East , prefer military solutions to peaceful compromise .
Unlike the Chinese , the Bank has too often forgotten the most basic lessons of development , preferring to lecture the poor and force them to privatize basic infrastructure , rather than to help the poor to invest in infrastructure and other crucial sectors .
Of course , moderates on both sides would prefer as much land and room to maneuver as possible , but they prefer a negotiated compromise aimed at ending the violence .
One lesson from Lebanon 's recent history stands out above all others : in divided political societies such as Lebanon and Iraq , coalition democracy is preferable to majoritarian winner-takes-all democracy .
But with the WTO stuck in drift and deadlock over the past few years , there is a race to secure preferential access to the markets of the major powers , and to defuse trade tension by locking into strong bilateral and regional partnerships .
The deviation is usually attributed to a cultural preference for boys , which will take an additional toll on both populations , as the future scarcity of women implies that both countries ' effective reproductive capacity is below what is suggested by the unadjusted TFR .
Today 's preference by individual EU members to act unilaterally on energy must be replaced by a common energy policy based on solidarity among member states and unity in defending EU interests vis-à-vis external partners .
Fortunately , North Korea 's leaders prefer survival to suicide .
What is a pick-lock compared to a debenture share ? '' But this slogan is from the 1920 's and seems like a nostalgic reminder of past turmoil that one prefers to see on the stage .
But six years of divisive as well as dismissively haughty misrule by Tung 's administration , which pits one group against another as its preferred method of governance , suggest that Hong Kong 's problems are much deeper .
Of course , ESDP security missions , even those in accordance with Security Council resolutions , may not operate within the UN system -- the EU prefers its own independent leadership .
But it is actually difficult to see much of a difference in fundamental human values or preferences between these countries and the US .
The prime concern for the EU bureaucracy is to find compromises that meet the wishes of member states , and to accommodate often divergent and contradictory national preferences .
When faced with such major social problems , a preference for ignorance over knowledge is difficult to defend .
Belief in Bush 's honesty led many voters to prefer him to Albert Gore in the 2000 presidential election .
But while any couple would prefer to conceive a child without the intervention of doctors , that option is not available for infertile couples .
In the absence of special reasons , like a change in sexual partners , there seems to be no reason to prefer the existence of one child to that of the other .
So why prefer one genetic potential over the other ?
Do you live in an isolated village and have unusual hobbies , special interests , or sexual preferences ?
Instead , bureaucrats and politicians prefer a quota system , whereby bureaucrats , not the market , select who immigrates .
A policy of partial , delayed integration is preferable to quotas , not only in view of the Treaty of Rome but also on economic grounds .
But many euro-zone politicians regard turning to the IMF as a sign of weakness and prefer their countries to shoulder the burden themselves .
Now that the Chinese prefer to invest that money in raw materials in Africa and elsewhere , they have aroused the full ire of American policymakers .
All too often , they prefer bad jokes -- until the last laugh is on them .
Immigrants have crowded out domestic residents who prefer the benefits to engaging in low-wage competition with the newcomers .
Future events could now be decomposed into calculable risks , and strategies and instruments could be developed to satisfy the full range of `` risk preferences . ''
Yet today most economists model unemployment as `` voluntary '' -- a rational preference for leisure rather than work .
Not only do investors view the risks of depression and deflation as greater than those of default , but bonds are being preferred to equities for the same reason .
People do not form their preferences in isolation .
Is it really supposed that constant pressure to consume has no effect on preferences ?
Of course , the Chinese may prefer to talk about `` restoration '' rather than `` rise , '' and point to a `` harmonious '' pluralism of the future .
Only a workaholic would prefer the first solution .
The United States favors continuing economic stimulus , while the European Union prefers fiscal consolidation .
Political parties that rely on an aging constituency are not tempted to call for change . The sort of shaky short-term political coalitions that rule Japan nowadays prefer to buy time through so-called public stimulus , or to preserve inefficient companies with subsidies .
Sarkozy 's attempt to co-opt far-right rhetoric on security and immigration has not worked , because , when it comes to national chauvinism , the French prefer its authentic purveyors .
The injection of government funds would be much less problematic if it were applied to the equity rather than the balance sheet . $ 700billion in preferred stock with warrants may be sufficient to make up the hole created by the bursting of the housing bubble .
And the dollar could still remain the preferred reserve currency , provided it is prudently managed .
China would prefer to improve the trade balance through removal of trade barriers rather than exchange-rate adjustment , because it is reluctant to put additional strain on its export industries and eager to gain access to American technology .
The US prefers higher Chinese import prices to help relieve deflationary pressures -- which would also eliminate the need for quantitative easing , removing a source of Chinese complaints .
I propose to reverse this order of preference : countries should be allowed to enforce their higher national standards on imported as well as domestic goods , unless a WTO sponsored panel of experts finds that such domestic standards should be prohibited or simply are unnecessary .
And , because there is no strategic reason to run large surpluses , with an excess of savings over investment , maintaining reasonable balance on the current account appears to be the preferred course .
But , given the US housing market 's fragility , raising interest rates could cause prices to plummet , sinking the economy again . Despite their complaints , it is not clear that emerging economies would prefer another deep US downturn to the current flood of inbound capital that that they must manage .
Much of the rest of the world would prefer a stronger dollar , fewer capital inflows with a carry-trade flavor , and less need to manage their own currencies ' appreciation to avoid adverse consequences for their economies ' competitiveness .
A survey in 2001 of the two supposedly most polarized cities , Donetsk and Lviv , showed convergence in their approval of independent Ukraine , with only 1 % of respondents in Lviv and 5 % in Donetsk preferring that Ukraine be divided into two or more countries .
I argued for this during East Asia 's crisis ; the IMF argued against me , preferring its big-bail-out strategy .
By issuing preferred shares with warrants -LRB- options -RRB- , one reduces the public 's downside risk and ensures that they participate in some of the upside potential .
Worse , in America stock options became a preferred form of compensation -- often worth more than an executive 's base pay .
It is a skewed playing field -- and one increasingly skewed against smaller players . Who would n't prefer a credit default swap underwritten by the US or UK government ; no wonder that too-big-to-fail institutions dominate this market .
There are not two or three Argentina 's , one following the experiment that I described above , and another adopting the policies that I prefer .
They worry that efforts to promote domestic industries or provide preferential treatment to disadvantaged groups -LRB- the kind of affirmative action programs that have been so important , both in developed and less developed countries -RRB- will be labeled `` unfair '' to foreign firms , and thus be prohibited .
It is a summary of whether , taking everything into account , a citizen prefers one candidate to another .
Of course , politicians prefer to work in secrecy , without oversight .
Under Wolfensohn , the Bank repeatedly stood up to the United States , where both the Clinton and Bush administrations might have preferred a more pliant President .
Both the Bush administration and the EU would undoubtedly have preferred less criticism of their trade regimes , which have such adverse effects on developing countries .
Countries that sign these agreements get preferential treatment over all others . But developing countries have little to gain and much to lose by signing these agreements , which almost never deliver the promised benefits .
When unemployment rates in Iraq soared to 60 % , hiring Iraqis would have made sense ; but the contractors preferred to import cheap labor from Nepal , Philippines , and other countries .
Modernizing the Middle East 's Economies AMMAN -- Rather than speak of the Middle East or the Arab world , I increasingly prefer to use the term WANA , meaning West Asia-North Africa .
Indeed , many FARC defectors now prefer to fight for their cause at the ballot box under the new left-wing Polo Alternativo Democratico .
· Secessionists should have a reasonable claim to being a national group that , preferably , enjoyed stable self-government in the past on the territory they claim .
One immediate implication of serving on the Council will be the need to take positions on matters that in recent years some Indian mandarins have preferred to duck -- for example , South Sudan , whose referendum on independence threatens to spark serious violence in an area where Indian UN peacekeepers are already serving .
Some take consolation from this , viewing it as positive that Europeans prefer leisure to work .
This suggests that , although Egyptians may not necessarily prefer strongman rule , they are entirely comfortable with it and may even believe that it is necessary .
Such campaigns go hand-in-hand with expanded farming , because sellers of these foods prefer nearby growers -- even if these growers increasingly live in the city .
Today , however , emerging countries increasingly prefer to `` self-insure '' by accumulating reserves -LRB- and sharing them through regional pooling arrangements -RRB- .
Tariffs have fallen , although non-tariff barriers and preferential agreements have been on the rise .
The resource curse means , of course , that Russian elites will prefer to postpone restructuring the economy and modernizing the country 's political and economic institutions .
Second , Russia 's high degree of economic inequality sustains the majority 's preference for redistribution rather than private entrepreneurship .
Economic growth since the Orange Revolution reinforces that reluctance , because an expanding middle class nearly always prefers the flexibility of pluralism to the thump of an authoritarian 's fist .
Shell traditionally uses its scenarios to prepare for the future without expressing a preference for one over another .
It would be far preferable to exchange them for Eurobonds , backed by the full faith and credit of all eurozone countries .
But , as protagonists in the complex web of interaction between the Muslim and the Western worlds , they view militant terrorism as their preferred option .
Many valuable elements of the so-called Old Diplomacy persisted : the alignment of foreign policies with national and regional interests , the preference for the possible over the merely desirable , and the cultivation of what are today called `` confidence-building measures , '' that is , methods for establishing trust among small groups of professional negotiators , and between them and the people they represent .
The American character prefers displacement to destruction , the win-win to the zero-sum .
Their preferred model calls for the UN to provide the funding and most other support for the mission , while allowing the AU to maintain its leadership role .
Another option would be to allow every adult to vote directly in a global referendum for his or her preferred option .
Given the differing views of President Dmitri Medvedev and former President and current Prime Minister Vladimir Putin -- the main candidates in next year 's presidential election -- many Russian bureaucrats prefer to avoid offering bold initiatives regarding BMD or other strategic arms-control issues until they know who the next president will be .
While the three low-cost water and sanitation interventions discussed here may not always pass a cost-benefit test , they are likely to attract investment in many circumstances , while simultaneously responding to communities ' preferences .
And , at a time when the Chinese government , America 's main creditor , has begun sending clear signals about its preferences for US domestic policy -- even as it ignores American criticism of its human rights record -- are the Tea Partiers merely being paranoid ?
That diagnosis better suits those who prefer to ignore them .
All it means is that , if we want to live harmoniously with another species in our most intimate places , we must recognize that some of the time our preferred modes of reasoning are not theirs .
Conservative Saudi Arabia prefers dealing with traditional and predictable leaders , such as Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Lebanon 's premier , Fouad Siniora , rather than firebrand populist leaders like Hezbollah 's Hassan Nasrallah , Hamas ' Khalid Meshal , and Iran 's Ahmadinejhad .
Better to let the Americans do it , though of course these Shi'a leaders prefer a slow strangulation of al-Sadr to a direct and bloody assault .
Russians prefer lower wages -- or simply waiting with no wages at all -- to moving in search of a new job .
The second is the growing tendency among Palestinians , other Arabs , and many Europeans to prefer a bi-national Israeli-Palestinian state to the original two-state solution .
But , despite past US administrations ' opportunity to make their influence felt , they preferred to permit Israel , an allied , friendly state , to do what it wanted .
But RMB appreciation is not the preferred instrument for achieving this goal .
One gay man has his own television show , even though his sexual preferences are no secret .
Or will he follow the path of Hugo Chávez , a popular autocrat who seems to prefer building a cult of personality over raising living standards for the poor .
Although they do serve a useful purpose by keeping other players on their toes and raising efficiency through competition , market participants for the most part avoid them , preferring to do business with the Warren Buffetts -- hard-driving businessmen , but known for fair play and creating long-term value .
