The Israeli strategy of peacemaking therefore oscillates between two visions : while the Israeli left gives priority to the Palestinian problem , the Israeli right prefers pursuing a settlement with the big Arab powers .
It is a jungle out there , as Americans say ; not every problem and conflict can be handled through the sort of peaceful , drawn-out negotiations that the EU prefers .
Left-leaning pundits claim that the dictator 's daughter has the same autocratic vision as her father , though Park invariably prefers incremental change to radical measures , and cut her political teeth in the tough-minded politics of the GNP .
The Wolf that Ate Georgia FLORENCE -- In Phaedrus 's well-known fable of the wolf and the lamb , the wolf easily could have eaten the lamb without a word , but prefers to set out his `` reasons . ''
Polls show that an overwhelming majority of Sandinista voters prefers the former Managua mayor -- 72 % versus 18 % for Ortega .
Internationally , Europe likes multilateral arrangements , whereas America prefers to go it alone .
But the past three years proved in practice that he prefers subservience to the war policy of President Bush to any sense of community with Europe .
While he claims to be pro-Western , he prefers that extraditions of indicted Serb war criminals to the Hague conform to Serbian law .
In this instance , Mexico prefers multilateralism to unilateralism , and peaceful disarmament over military might , because Mexico 's interests diverge from those of the US .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel gives speeches at security conferences that find favor in America , but otherwise Germany prefers to stay in the background .
This is partly why Israel prefers the United States as sole mediator , and it is also why Israel 's acceptance of a monopoly role for the US evaporates as soon as any American president starts developing views different from its own .
Syria 's situation is similar , but different . Syria profited directly from trade with Iraq and from oil transport fees , while Saddam 's fall turned the spotlight on subjects that the regime prefers to keep in the dark : Syria 's role in Lebanon , its support for Hezbollah and some Palestinian organizations , one-party rule , and human rights violations .
In order to dominate decision-making , Khamenei prefers weak presidents .
The government , indeed , prefers to offer only hollow initiatives focused narrowly on the economy .
While France prefers an intergovernmental approach , Germany remains prepared to transfer more national sovereignty to the Brussels .
To achieve her goal , she prefers to emphasize her `` essence , '' thereby countering Sarkozy 's stress on his record as a `` doer . ''
Merkel 's style has exacerbated this confusion : she prefers to lead from behind and seems incapable of the stateswoman-like speech that would bring people to accept bolder measures .
For one thing , possession of power resources does not always imply that one can get the outcomes one prefers .
The IMF also prefers CFMs to be temporary .
China will never be interested in Russia 's economic and political modernization , for it prefers Russia to remain a source of mineral and energy resources and a vast `` strategic rear '' in its looming challenge with the United States .
What is a pick-lock compared to a debenture share ? '' But this slogan is from the 1920 's and seems like a nostalgic reminder of past turmoil that one prefers to see on the stage .
Of course , ESDP security missions , even those in accordance with Security Council resolutions , may not operate within the UN system -- the EU prefers its own independent leadership .
The United States favors continuing economic stimulus , while the European Union prefers fiscal consolidation .
The US prefers higher Chinese import prices to help relieve deflationary pressures -- which would also eliminate the need for quantitative easing , removing a source of Chinese complaints .
It is a summary of whether , taking everything into account , a citizen prefers one candidate to another .
Economic growth since the Orange Revolution reinforces that reluctance , because an expanding middle class nearly always prefers the flexibility of pluralism to the thump of an authoritarian 's fist .
The American character prefers displacement to destruction , the win-win to the zero-sum .
Conservative Saudi Arabia prefers dealing with traditional and predictable leaders , such as Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Lebanon 's premier , Fouad Siniora , rather than firebrand populist leaders like Hezbollah 's Hassan Nasrallah , Hamas ' Khalid Meshal , and Iran 's Ahmadinejhad .
