Yet , scholars such as Ralph Dahrendorf and Joseph Weiler suggest that a European constitution does not make sense because a democratic constitution presupposes a paramount common identity that is absent in an EU where individual national loyalties still prevail .
Yet it would be wrong to dwell excessively on current leaders ' weaknesses , for to do so presupposes that with different leaders at the helm , an Israeli-Palestinian agreement could be reached through bilateral negotiations .
This approach presupposes that bank assets and exposures can be accurately measured .
This presupposes the engagement of all parties , including Syria and Iran , as well as all political and religious groups .
Presenting Iran with these alternatives presupposes that the West does not fear rising oil and gas prices .
Of course , this approach presupposes two things that do n't exist at the moment : a common transatlantic approach to dealing with Russia , and a European Union that acts in much greater unison and is therefore stronger .
Genuine eurozone stability presupposes macroeconomic alignment , which in turn requires the political integration of a well-functioning economic union .
But this presupposes American willingness to return to diplomacy and talking to all the parties involved .
A self-sustaining recovery is , of course , possible , but it presupposes a massive structural adjustment aimed at restoring US competitiveness in global markets .
Real peace presupposes agreement between enemies , not friends .
France 's loss of influence in Europe is no longer at stake today , because the notion of influence presupposes that the overriding preoccupation of EU member states is to advance their own national interests .
The success of the `` balance of terror '' presupposed a mixture of confrontation and dialogue between two `` rational actors . ''
China 's fundamental priorities remain economic , reflecting its leaders ' belief that their regime 's long-term survival presupposes the continuation of rapid growth .
He knows that the `` return of France '' as an influential actor in Europe presupposes a France that is closer to America , which will automatically bring France closer to Germany and Great-Britain , not to mention Poland and Italy .
Moreover , the assertion that our intelligence is puny in comparison with God 's presupposes just the point that is under debate -- that there is a god who is all-knowing , all-powerful , and all good .
The only plausible inflationary scenario presupposes that when economies recover , central banks do not raise interest rates sufficiently in the coming boom , keeping too much of the current liquidity in the market .
The Kremlin 's chief ideologist , Vladislav Surkov , has suggested that full democracy presupposes `` democracy in the head , '' implying that this desirable mental condition was still a long way off in Russia .
But this presupposes a radical change of heart , particularly in Germany . The German public still thinks that it has a choice about whether to support the euro .
But improvement presupposes diagnosing why Europe 's productivity performance , with a few notable exceptions , has been so bad .
Resolution 1701 presupposes -- in addition to separating the combatants -- enforcement of the internal and external sovereignty of Lebanon 's elected government , without saying how this is to be accomplished given Hezbollah 's superior military power relative to the government 's forces .
