They are presumed to be on the verge of winning an overwhelming majority in the parliamentary elections due on December 7 , yet like Korzhakov and his clique , they could be routed .
Nine countries already have nuclear weapons , and it would be naive to presume that others , particularly in regions of conflict , will not try to get hold of them .
In fact , the dubious notion that we should select economic activities based on their presumed technical innovativeness has been carried even further , in support of the argument that we should favor semiconductor chips over potato chips .
Many proponents of semiconductor chips also presumed that what you worked at determined whether , in your outlook , you would be a dunce -LRB- producing potato chips -RRB- or a `` with-it '' modernist -LRB- producing semiconductor chips -RRB- .
To begin , the presumed causes of homosexuality are shrouded in pseudo-scientific theories and psycho-babble : homosexuals supposedly suffer from hormonal imbalances , or were sexually abused as children , or constitute an indeterminate `` third sex '' that is neither male nor female , or had absent fathers and over-protective mothers .
This means that adjuvant cancer therapy , designed to kill presumed micrometastatic disease , may be missing an important fraction of disseminated cancer cells , some of which may eventually wake up .
Whereas the inquisitorial model presumes that fraud is rampant , but often undetected , the accusatorial model adopts a less paranoid stance , presuming that researchers are innocent until proven otherwise .
Such was the epistemic position of the Middle Ages , which presumed all humans to be mutually equal but subordinate to an inscrutable God .
More than 1,000 are missing , and many are presumed dead .
In many cases , the cohesiveness of opposition movements that come to power in the wake of a political upheaval may not be what the international media presume it to be .
One such line , which is presumed to be significant , goes from Europe -LRB- Spain -RRB- via Singapore or Dubai , through India to Nepal or Bangladesh and back again to the market in India .
Still , it has strengthened backing for another amendment , sponsored by Senators Jeff Merkley and Carl Levin , which would restrict proprietary trading by megabanks for their own account -- coincidentally a practice that is presumed to be a large and `` dark '' part of high-speed trading .
It is reasonable to presume that the commodity boom 's positive effect on Latin America 's terms of trade will last for an extended period -- perhaps 10-15 years -- but that it will not be permanent .
Yet the recent revelation of the Czech writer Milan Kundera 's presumed complicity in the face of Stalinism is but the latest of the long half-life of a toxic past .
Second , reformers should not presume that officials at the ECB 's Frankfurt headquarters are less likely to show bias than officials from national central banks .
Indeed , the seeming failure of a recognizable democratic core to emerge in Iraq within the first few months of the collapse of Saddam 's dictatorship is due more to idiosyncrasies of the process than to any presumed essential nature of Iraqi society .
Given his role in justifying electoral fraud , this argument seems like an effort to buy time to clear the streets of demonstrators , put opposition leaders under severe physical and psychological stress , and isolate Mir Hossein Mousavi , the presumed winner of the real vote .
Almeyda secretly met with Army General Oscar Villanueva , the presumed `` cashier '' of Montesinos 's mafia .
So far , communities in the vicinity of extraction operations have often been hostile to the process , seeing themselves as the victims of environmental damage , while domestic elites and foreign companies are presumed to be the primary beneficiaries .
Unfortunately , the type of institutional reform promoted by , among others , the World Bank , IMF , and the World Trade Organization is biased toward a best-practice model , which presumes that a set of universally appropriate institutional arrangements can be determined and views convergence towards them as being inherently desirable .
But these critics seem to presume that Europe will come out of the crisis in far worse shape than the US , and it is too early to make that judgment .
Silence can be presumed to be tacit acceptance that rapid increases in long-term asset price are warranted .
For example , the `` Dynamic Stochastic General Equilibrium Model of the Euro Area , '' developed by Frank Smets of the European Central Bank and Raf Wouters of the National Bank of Belgium , is very good at giving a precise list of external shocks that are presumed to drive the economy .
It would be a mistake to presume that the vast expansion of trade between India and China , currently worth more than $ 60 billion annually -LRB- with China now India 's largest trading partner -RRB- , must lead to improved bilateral relations .
No obvious solution to this problem exists in a multi-venue world , where `` best execution '' can neither be presumed nor categorically defined .
Islam and democracy are frequently presumed to be bitter antagonists . A careful study of the world 's 47 Muslim-majority states , however , shows that Islam and democracy can and do co-exist .
The virtual abandonment of recovery efforts in most developed economies presumes that stronger Asian economic growth outside Japan can lift the world economy from its current trajectory .
American leadership -- globally and in Asia -- can no longer be presumed . It must be earned .
Nor can it afford to alienate its largest trading partner , a neighbor and an emerging global superpower , which is known to be prickly over any presumed slights to its sovereignty over Tibet .
This disorder presumes that using sex to relieve unhappiness , and feeling guilty about it , is also diagnosable .
There is considerable domestic pressure in each of these countries -- as there has been in Israel and Pakistan , currently the region 's only nuclear states -- to secure the presumed benefits in power and prestige of possessing nuclear weapons .
Whereas advocates of abolishing nuclear weapons wanted his administration to employ a zero-based approach to nuclear planning , with the burden of proof on those seeking to retain nuclear weapons to fulfill essential military functions , the NPR presumes the continuation of current nuclear roles and missions unless convincing arguments exist to end them .
It presumes that `` the United States will sustain a safe , secure , and effective nuclear deterrent ... as long as nuclear weapons exist . ''
They therefore presume that , despite American professions to the contrary , the US seeks BMD capabilities that can negate Russia 's strategic deterrent under the guise of protecting America and its allies from Iran .
There are also hints that a reshuffling of important positions within the Party will take place , allowing the presumed heir to form a new power base .
No African man is supposed to be gay , and physical contact between men is presumed to be innocent .
Screening questionnaires maximize sensitivity , at a cost of false positives , because it is presumed that they are followed by expert clinical evaluation .
