Hamas timed these revelations with the disengagement to create the impression that its intensifying military strategy had prevailed .
It is encouraging that the French government eventually prevailed , and interesting how this happened .
They then decide what to buy or how much to save , given prevailing prices , interest rates , and their own income .
Yet , scholars such as Ralph Dahrendorf and Joseph Weiler suggest that a European constitution does not make sense because a democratic constitution presupposes a paramount common identity that is absent in an EU where individual national loyalties still prevail .
During the crisis , prevailing macroeconomic theory counseled massive fiscal stimulus , thereby aggravating the public-debt crisis .
President Bill Clinton stepped in , and prevailed upon the two sides to work out their remaining disagreements .
Liberty 's Revolutionary Muse Great social thinkers are almost always start out as polarizing figures , admired by some and scorned by others , until their radical challenge to how we understand the world finally prevails .
The prevailing narrative often regards mosques and Islamic associations as spaces for radicalization , but I contend that some young people are actively turning away from these peaceful institutions .
Others feel suffocated by the prevailing toxic discourse that casts European Muslims as foreign , alien , and suspect .
Europeans are long-standing champions of the United Nations and international cooperation , and continually seek to ensure that stability , freedom , democracy , and justice prevail as cornerstones of international relations .
Europeans are long-standing champions of the UN and international cooperation , and continually seeks to ensure that stability , freedom , democracy , and justice prevail as cornerstones of international relations .
But , while `` capitalism '' -- defined as an economic system built on private ownership of property -- clearly has prevailed , there are many differences among the nearly 200 countries that now practice it in some form .
Such arrangements prevail in large parts of Latin America , the Arab Middle East , and Africa .
The major problem in the Arab-Isreli conflict , as in many other intricate disputes , has always been the incapacity or unwillingness of leaders to conduct a peace policy that is not supported by their societies ' prevailing , and frequently paralyzing , consensus .
The `` extremists , '' whom Bush expected to be defeated through economic sanctions , diplomatic isolation , and military action , have prevailed .
Or is it a Russian invitation to the West to reshape the global status quo that has prevailed since the end of Cold War I ?
The question for Egypt is whether the agenda of a truly pluralistic democracy -- proclaimed by the avant-garde young protesters at Tahrir Square , the admirably self-empowered Facebook and Twitter generation -- can prevail against the resilient forces of the past .
The legitimacy of hereditary monarchies , a principle established by Metternich , the architect of the post-Napoleonic order , eventually prevailed in the 1848 European Spring .
Iran is working to ensure that free elections open the way to truly Islamic regimes in the Arab world , while Turkey assumes that its own political brand , a synthesis of Islam and democracy with secular values , should ultimately prevail .
If Abbas is to prevail , it will not be through `` gestures '' or a process focusing on `` institution building , '' however important these may be .
American uneasiness about the prevailing body of international law dealing with conflicts is not entirely frivolous .
As the events of the French elections last spring demonstrated , when this dynamic prevails , the left loses the elections .
A friend from the region described the FATA as `` a forgotten age '' where only the `` law of the jungle '' prevails .
Sarkozy has , in fact , brought about a rupture , albeit in an unexpected area : the foreign policy consensus that has prevailed since the days of Charles de Gaulle .
Many regard the UN 's role as the guarantor of international law and legitimacy as self-evident , and now argue that its stature , undermined by the US-led invasion , must be quickly restored if the rule of law is to prevail internationally .
In an era in which transparency and disclosure are the prevailing norm in most aspects of European governance , the politics of fiscal policy still look like conference diplomacy , circa 1815 .
German fiscal policy could soon look very different from the zero-deficit bias that prevailed under the grand coalition that governed from 2005 until 2009 .
Moreover , disagreement prevails on the type of electoral system to be used .
But the peaceful , carnival spirit that prevailed , the flying of Turkish and German flags side by side in German streets , when the two nations met in the semi-finals , the joint Spanish-German celebrations after the final , all this suggests something fresh .
When common interests no longer prevail , language and culture begin to matter more .
Would Zhao have prevailed , had the students retreated ?
The government 's closing of democratic and institutional spaces produces responses of a proportional and equivalent force , which in turn tends to expand the political conflict toward areas where force and violence prevail .
The latest proof : Mauricio Funes , the standard bearer of the FMLN -- until not long ago a Marxist guerilla movement -- has just prevailed in El Salvador 's presidential election .
But even moderate critics of the mosque -LRB- actually an Islamic cultural center with a prayer room called Park 51 -RRB- betray in their arguments two assumptions that are as questionable as they are ingrained in the prevailing public discourse in the US .
For nearly a decade , any attempt to recast the debate about the events of September 11 , 2001 , away from the prevailing theological narrative has been depicted as subversive and unpatriotic .
Fortunately , elsewhere in Europe , reason seems to prevail nowadays and the resort to violence has been curtailed .
Democratic transitions throughout the hemisphere had made guerrilla warfare unjustifiable : as Che foretold in his La Guerra de Guerrillas in 1962 , wherever the trappings -LRB- or , one might add , the realities -RRB- of democratic rule prevailed , taking up arms was pointless .
Although science disproved these explanations decades ago , they still prevail in Mexican popular culture because they all fit into that culture 's rigid , polarized definitions of masculinity and femininity .
The prevailing attitude in Taiwan toward reunification is highly skeptical ; enactment of strict security laws in Hong Kong will hardly be seen as reassuring .
Against this geopolitical background , Asia 's power dynamics are likely to remain fluid , with new or shifting alliances and strengthened military capabilities continuing to challenge the prevailing order .
These funds would at best ameliorate -- not eliminate -- prevailing global disparities in educational access and quality .
Vietnam differed from Korea and Malaya , where containment and counterinsurgency prevailed , because the communists could outflank allied forces in South Vietnam by using `` neutral '' territory in Cambodia and Laos .
There are still Euro-enthusiasts , but among the peoples of Europe indifference and , in some places , mild hostility , prevails .
Many politicians try to stay as close to prevailing majority views as possible . They regard this as `` democratic '' and hope that such fidelity to the popular will guarantees them re-election .
Both leaders prevailed and in the end won elections .
Charles de Gaulle prevailed politically after ending French colonial rule in Algeria .
But the other signs of disconnection also create a highly unstable condition in which one can never tell how representative the prevailing views are .
This has to do with another characteristic of the great ideas that define historical periods , namely the fact that they come from the margin of prevailing orthodoxies .
In the Western zones , a different set of expectations soon prevailed .
As it happened , the protagonists of the first view were sidelined and the proponents of democratization prevailed .
Prosperity and liberty will be the victims , unless those who grasp the opportunities of the new world prevail .
Not so long ago , there was jubilation that the free world and its values had prevailed in the Cold War .
Democracy in the sense of free elections within certain rules does not allow the rest of us to say that the cause of freedom has prevailed and that we can walk away .
Karl Popper 's approach to politics , one of reason and critical discourse , had come to prevail .
`` We must keep this sensitive subject out of the campaign '' seemed to be the prevailing attitude , as if the period of heightened political awareness that elections provide should not be used to debate serious controversies .
And the European Central Bank has begun to buy government bonds , including those of Greece , at prices well above those that would prevail in a free market .
Finally , ensure that the political or peace objective prevails at all times , even if it delays economic stability and development .
To meet these goals , the objective of peace should prevail over that of development if the two come into conflict .
Because the main short-term challenge in any transition to peace is national reconciliation , the political objective of peace should prevail at all times over the economic or financial objective of development if the two ever clash , as they often do .
Solid demand growth in the US will provide increased demand for developing-country exports -- albeit not at the prices that prevailed when the dollar was stronger .
But in today 's prevailing conditions , we can not afford this perspective .
Let us hope that reason also prevails this time round .
In the same survey , a -LRB- small -RRB- majority of people judged their present situation worse than that prevailing last year .
Two views about today 's prevailing exchange rates exist : the dollar is overvalued dollar and the yen needs a deep depreciation .
Although the endgame is close , it is impossible to predict which alternative will prevail .
My inclination is to believe that the head will prevail -- but not completely .
If this attitude prevails , there is a grave risk that the European Project will become paralyzed . This will not only delay the restoration of economic growth , but will also have dire political consequences .
An immediate concern , if deep pessimism about Iran 's intentions prevails , is a preventive Israeli strike , leading to another major Middle East war -- with catastrophic consequences for the global economy likely .
I only hope that policymakers ' vigilance will prevail -LRB- and be improved upon -RRB- , enabling China 's high-growth story to continue for another 10 , 20 , or 30 years .
This meant that collective production was dissolved early in the reform process and private farming prevailed .
Yet despite these gales of change , institutional atavism prevails .
But the recent weakness in US prices is very different from the situation that prevails in Japan .
Without that agreement , tax rates would have reverted in 2011 to the higher level that prevailed before the Bush tax cuts of 2001 . That would mean higher taxes for all taxpayers , raising tax liabilities in 2011 and 2012 by about $ 450 billion -LRB- 1.5 % of GDP -RRB- .
Instead , consolidation of authoritarian regimes appears to be the prevailing trend .
Indeed , Europe will have to share the costs if Iran prevails and becomes a nuclear power .
If Ahmadinejad prevails , the dilemma for the West will be that it will have to deal with a regime discredited by election fraud , but still indispensable for resolving almost all of the Middle East 's important problems : Iran 's own nuclear program and the conflicts in Afghanistan , Pakistan , Iraq , Lebanon , and Palestine .
The decisions are anything but final , even though the isolationists now prevail .
If this situation prevails beyond 2013 , the SPD will face an unenviable challenge .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel prevailed with her demand that the International Monetary Fund participate in a Greek bailout , should one be necessary .
Whether the Arab and wider Islamic world 's democratic awakening will actually prevail or produce only change at the top of authoritarian regimes , whether it will lead to a stable order or sustained chaos and radicalization , still remains unclear .
Indeed , whatever resemblance events on Cairo 's Tahrir Square bear to May 1968 in Paris and the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 , it would be premature to proclaim that freedom has prevailed .
BERLIN -- Regardless of whether democratization in the `` new Middle East '' succeeds or authoritarian forms of government prevail once again , one fundamental change has already become clear : no one will be able to govern without taking into account domestic public opinion .
If Turkey prevails , Iran and the radicals in the region will be caught on the losing side of history -- and they know it .
Yet such reductionism lies behind one of today 's dominant concepts , multiculturalism , according to which one of our identities must prevail above all others , serving as the sole criterion for organizing society into distinct groups .
But there is an iron clad requirement for coordination to be genuinely effective : both central banks must see prevailing exchange rates as being in conflict with their domestic policy objectives and share the view that intervention can have a sustainable impact on the exchange rate .
Tomorrow is always treated as more important than next week , and next week prevails over next year , with no one seeking to secure the long-term future .
China recognizes that America is in great difficulty -LRB- indeed , it recognizes this more clearly than the US itself -RRB- , and that , given the poisonous political atmosphere prevailing in Washington , there will be no easy return to good government , economic stability , and strong growth .
The biggest challenge facing any Rosales presidency in Venezuela would be to end the climate of insecurity that prevails throughout the land .
In these circumstances , pragmatism should prevail .
In terms of Chile 's major policies , however , continuity is almost certain to prevail , even if Enríquez-Ominami wins .
Although local Muslim leaders have since criticized Hilaly 's attitude , the incident again raises the question of attitudes regarding sex in `` orthodox '' communities , and how they can be reconciled with prevailing norms in the West .
This trend is completely opposite that prevailing in other sectors .
But , given the scant interest of European Union members in transferring further competences -LRB- and juicy international positions -RRB- to the EU level , the chances that this solution will prevail seem remote .
Containment prevailed , but this hardly settled the debate , as there were intense arguments both over where it should be applied -LRB- Vietnam , Central America , and the Middle East all come to mind -RRB- and how it should be carried out , i.e. , the right mix of military force , covert action , diplomacy and arms control , and economic sanctions and assistance .
But the partnerships that prevailed in the Cold War -- between the US , Western Europe , and several Asian countries , including Japan , South Korea , and Australia -- are no longer adequate .
It did not herald a new era of international relations in which terrorists with a global agenda prevailed , or in which such spectacular terrorist attacks became commonplace .
When radical culture prevails , it brings people over to violence .
While pragmatism has come to dominate northern Europe 's socialist parties since the 1930 's -- and , after the 1957 Congress of Bad Godesberg , the Germany 's Social Democratic Party -LRB- SPD -RRB- as well -- a preference for revolutionary ideology has always prevailed , at least on the rhetorical level , among French socialists .
Instead of throwing up our hands in despair , we should adhere to a distinction dear to the great German sociologist Max Weber , for now is a time when the ethics of responsibility must prevail over the ethics of conviction .
The shortsightedness of socialist Prime Minister José Zapatero of Spain has prevailed .
All of the countries that took the decision to intervene in Libya , including the US , must conduct themselves with a sense of renewed vigor , and with the understanding that NATO -- whatever its shortcomings and shortfalls -- must prevail .
In a certain ideological mind-set , Israel is perceived not as a political entity , susceptible to prevailing standards of judgment , but as an almost allegorical force , the symbolic center and source of the globe 's evils and ailments .
The prevailing response in the 1960 's to Israel 's triumph was that the Arabs should adapt the guerilla strategies pursued by the Vietnamese , Chinese , and Cubans .
The Great Depression produced more alarming outcomes , as the political response to deflation throughout Central Europe and Latin America destroyed the prevailing order , including several democracies .
`` Totalitarianism '' finally disintegrated in 1989 , and globalization prevailed .
After the 1997-1998 Asia crisis , and as authoritarian regimes in South Korea and Indonesia disintegrated , these relationships were suddenly interpreted as corrupt , and the counter-view -- that `` crony capitalism '' had become entrenched in these countries -- soon prevailed .
These characteristics would reduce rather than enhance the bearer 's chances of survival , but obviously they prevailed in generation after generation .
If the IMF were to support Europe 's weaker economies , this would challenge the prevailing ideology among Frankfurt-dominated policy makers .
Toward North Korea , on the other hand , continuity will prevail , with Abe re-emphasizing the principle that normalization of relations requires resolution of abduction cases -- some dating to the 1970 's -- involving Japanese citizens who were seized from coastal towns .
Let us hope , therefore , that reason -- and the instinct of self-preservation -- will ultimately prevail .
Both men are likely to support the prevailing global double standard , which allows rich countries to use fiscal expansion in the face of recession , while forcing poor countries into greater austerity .
For all the theorizing of Plato and Marx , the family seems to prevail unless other social institutions counteract or supersede it .
Ultimately , the best way for peace to prevail in the region is for the US and China to share responsibility for a regional order with Asia 's other powers , particularly India , Indonesia , Japan , and South Korea .
The Japanese and Chinese militaries , however , do not have sufficient ties to create confidence that caution will prevail .
Although the SLD 's popularity remained high , the previously fragmented right prevailed due to temporary unity .
Yet all politicians know that ambiguity and compromise tend to prevail over universal truths . Sometimes one must choose the lesser evil .
Sanity must prevail : if everyone is mentally ill , then no one is .
Of course , economic common sense sometimes prevails , but it is usually short-lived .
If only one change in the prevailing mindset could be made , it should be to realize that , in the case of fish like cod , big is beautiful .
As late as 1960 , both total government spending -LRB- as a share of GDP -RRB- and the distribution of earnings were similar to those prevailing in the United States .
Certainly , this seems to be the prevailing bet in the spin on global warming .
But those who think that China 's mutant political authoritarianism and mighty economy can long prevail are guilty as well .
After they overthrew communism in 1989 , the peoples of Central Europe gravitated to democracy because that was the prevailing form of government in the countries of Western Europe , with which they strongly identified .
By renouncing simplicity , it also repudiates today 's prevailing confusion of information with literature , of facts with creativity , and best-selling products with true works of art .
The prevailing consensus is not to regard China as a threat . But there are several serious conceptual flaws in this reasoning .
This second Poland -- of openness and tolerance , of John Paul II and Czeslaw Milosz , of my friends from the underground and from prison -- must prevail .
But one way or the other , personalities will prevail over programs .
In our media-dominated age , personalities ultimately matter more than programs , which means that elimination prevails over selection .
An anybody-but-Sarkozy reflex may exist in some circles of French society , but , in order to prevail , a credible alternative is required .
For example , in Egypt , which is highly representative of the prevailing political situation in the Middle East , the status quo is the result of the regime 's absolute lack of confidence in its ability to open up and reform .
This is probably one of the most important challenges for today 's world , for America retains a unique power that should be used -- and be perceived -- as a force for good if global stability is to prevail .
Nearly two decades after the demise of the Soviet empire , what stands out is a prevailing sense of lost opportunities .
Growth has slowed , exports have plummeted , and unemployment has jumped , and the prevailing view has been that a `` blame America first '' strategy makes the most sense .
Whatever goodwill towards the US prevailed after September 11 was quickly squandered .
The situation in Russia is far from identical to that which prevailed in , say , Ukraine at the time of last year 's `` orange '' revolution . ''
The reason that such pseudo-science has prevailed in so many American schools is directly related to America 's tremendously decentralized school system , which allows committed local groups of the religious-minded to reshape the curriculum .
For almost 40 years , that era 's Western feminist critique of rigid sex-role stereotyping has prevailed .
The feminist critique , for example , has totally remade elementary-level education , where female decision-makers prevail : the construction of male hierarchies in the schoolyard is often redirected nowadays for fear of `` bullying , '' with boys and girls alike expected to `` share '' and `` process '' their emotions .
While such ambivalence will not change , French-American relations are likely to improve no matter which of the three leading candidates prevails in the final round of voting on May 6 , in part owing to Chirac 's exit .
But the problem with the metaphor is that it implies a degree of American control that is unrealistic , and reinforces the prevailing strong temptations towards unilateralism in both the US Congress and parts of the Bush administration .
The third major determinant of which scenario prevails will be American power and how it is used .
In 2000 , Al Gore won the popular vote , but George W. Bush prevailed in the electoral college .
Federal authorities have curbed their excesses so far , but in the heady , chaotic atmosphere surrounding the elections , uncertainty prevails .
Smooth convergence of risk premiums for inflation , exchange rates , and , perhaps most importantly , debt default with those prevailing in the eurozone are crucial for alleviating possible shocks to the financial system .
On purely technical grounds , euroization will push the inflation risk premium -- the difference between the average short-term interest rate and the inflation rate -- to the level prevailing in the eurozone , implying lower real interest rates .
In a region with weak enforcement and few mechanisms for redress , protection restricted to prevailing labor standards amounts to no protection at all .
It is overly optimistic to pretend that today 's EU institutions can implement such principles , because they do not represent the prevailing power realities .
They , too , want moderation and modernity , if perhaps not full secularization , to prevail .
For now , we in Middle Israel must curb our own extremists and hold out for the Palestinian moderates to prevail .
Another mark against the notion of Islam 's overwhelming power to determine a society 's prevailing conditions .
Using the `` energy weapon , '' however , is not just a tactic : it is at the heart of the prevailing doctrine guiding Russian foreign policy .
Electoral systems are precarious enough to generate pathetic situations such as that which prevailed in Mexico throughout the autumn , with its `` two Presidents . ''
Sometimes reason does prevail .
Moreover , the report assumes that monetary policy can offset part of the shock , which may not be true where near-zero interest rates already prevail -- or in the euro area where the effort may vary across countries while monetary policy is uniform .
Thaksin recognized this urban-rural divide and shrewdly exploited it , upending the elite consensus that had long prevailed .
The ASEAN framework acts as a safety net and mutual commercial interests should ultimately prevail .
Ultimately , America 's vital interests prevailed .
Had American forces not expelled the British from US territory in the first , and had Abraham Lincoln and the Union not prevailed in the second , the country would have been balkanized and unable to become the dominant power of the twentieth century .
Nothing foreordained that the US and its allies would prevail .
Through trial and error -- backed by a durable political and economic system -- the US prevailed and the Soviet Union disintegrated .
While peaceful parliamentary elections were held on June 30 , an atmosphere of apprehension has prevailed ever since .
While that 's down from the high of 71.3 % in early 2009 , it remains fully four percentage points above the 66 % norm that prevailed in the final quarter of the twentieth century .
For developing Asia as a whole , internal private consumption currently stands at a record low of just 45 % of GDP -- down ten percentage points from the 55 % share prevailing as recently as 2002 .
Rich countries are places where investors feel secure in their property rights , the rule of law prevails , private incentives are aligned with social objectives , monetary and fiscal policies are solidly grounded , risks are mediated through social insurance , and citizens have recourse to civil liberties and political representation .
The prevailing obsession with the `` governance '' agenda entails a broad-based effort to remold institutions in developing societies as a prerequisite for economic growth .
But the extent of intervention they condone differs , reflecting their different views concerning how dysfunctional the prevailing approach to supervision and prudential regulation is .
But in other areas , such as trade , employment , or industrial policies , prevailing thinking is either naïve or non-existent .
Similar policies will produce different market reactions depending on the prevailing story , or fad of the moment .
Boeke believed in a stark separation between the modern , capitalist style of economic organization that prevailed in the West and the pre-capitalist , traditional mode that predominated in what were then called `` underdeveloped areas . ''
Because policymakers operate in second-best environments , optimal reform trajectories - even in apparently straightforward cases such as price reform - can not be designed without due regard to prevailing conditions and without weighing the consequences for multiple distorted margins .
In the early 1990s , the World Bank prevailed on Mozambique to liberalize the cashew sector and to lift the remaining restrictions on exports of raw cashews .
The formalistic civil-law systems that prevail in continental Europe supposedly provide inadequate protection , so ownership remains concentrated .
The complete policy paralysis that has prevailed during the interregnum between Presidents Bush and Obama has not helped .
In India , financial repression is used as a means to marshal captive savings to help finance massive government debts at far lower interest rates than would prevail in a liberalized market .
Yes , the culprits should be punished , both to maintain citizens ' belief that justice prevails , and to make other oil producers think twice about taking outsized risks .
Climate change , for example , poses dire threats to the planet that must be assessed according to prevailing scientific norms and the evolving capacity of climate science .
In two crucial areas , macroeconomics and global economic development , the emerging economies ' view prevailed .
It will be the task of Ayatollah Khamenei to rein in conservative ideologues and make sure that pragmatic conservatism prevails .
Will those norms be based upon my values , your values , prevailing scientific views , or perhaps the values of a political mastermind ?
At the earliest opportunity , Nigeria 's government should convene a conference of all national and regional leaders and secure agreement on a constitutional provision whereby each household would be guaranteed a share of oil revenues , with the amount determined by prevailing prices and quotas .
But there is relatively less pleasure in public displays of consumption at a time when the prevailing national story is one of triumph over adversity .
When these function well , we have a general sense that , even though people are not always trustworthy , basic fairness prevails .
The basic principles that I believe should prevail , and which Somaliland meets , are the following :
Openly racist ideas prevailed in Germany and the American South , and much of the world 's population lived in colonies ruled by European powers .
In soccer , that does seem to be the prevailing ethic .
Other defenses of objective truth in ethics made no appeal to religion , but could make little headway against the prevailing philosophical mood .
If this premium prevails , Greece will have to pay ¤ 7.4 billion more in interest per year on its ¤ 271 billion debt than it would have to pay at the German rate .
Let 's hope that wisdom prevails before the rise of another Hitler .
When these two accounting standards diverge , the popular standard must prevail if democracy is to survive .
Reflecting the freebooting financial zeitgeist that prevailed at the time , the International Monetary Fund declared in 2006 that `` the dispersion of credit risk by banks to a broader and more diverse group of investors ... has helped make the banking and overall financial system more resilient ... '' As a result , `` the commercial banks may be less vulnerable to ... shocks . ''
History could be profitably subdivided into eras defined by the prevailing prime movers .
In political conditions such as those that now prevail in Brazil , markets are right to take into account the possibility of a debt reorganization or even of a default .
The prevailing belief that market discipline corrects such imbalances is false , for two reasons .
Instead of engaging in preemptive military actions , the US should pursue preventive actions of a constructive nature , creating a better balance between carrots and sticks in the prevailing world order .
In Iraq and beyond , when Bush says that `` freedom will prevail , '' many interpret him to mean that America will prevail .
When the history of this crisis is written , it will be recorded that -- in contrast to the Great Depression -- protectionism first prevailed in finance rather than trade .
This was almost completely unexpected , as the prevailing view was that financial markets are self-correcting .
It would also have to reconstitute the International Monetary Fund to reflect better the prevailing pecking order among states and to revise its methods of operation .
My views are far from unique , but they are at variance with the prevailing mood .
This strategy must address both intolerable living conditions for Roma and the hostile stereotypes that prevail within majority populations , because they mutually reinforce each other .
The key to success is the education of a new generation of Roma who do not seek toassimilate into the general population , but deliberately retain their identity as Roma.Edu cated , successful Roma will shatter the prevailing negative stereotypes by their very existence .
That task can not be left to investors , contrary to the diktats of the market fundamentalist dogma that prevailed until recently .
The prevailing exchange-rate system is lopsided .
An open society does not treat prevailing arrangements as sacrosanct ; it allows for alternatives when those arrangements fail .
But in this matter as well , the winner gets to judge who was the aggressor , so it is fortunate that Hitler did not prevail .
Terrorism will prevail if its mentality infects the civilized world , and if state leaders resort to terror to fight terror .
The level of uncertainty about asset values , solvency , and the connectedness of balance sheets that prevailed at the time was extraordinarily high .
If that were to continue , the result would be a world in which each country 's contribution to pressure on natural resources and the environment would make sustainability a major global challenge , as the free-rider problem in its most extreme form would prevail .
That , combined with slow progress on financial-sector reform , makes it likely that risk-aversion will prevail , which could slow , if not reverse , financial globalization , and probably lead to slower growth in many countries .
If effective restrictions on the derivatives business of government-insured banks -LRB- whether actually insured , or effectively insured because they are too big to fail -RRB- survive in the final version of the bill , the general interest might indeed prevail over special interests , and democratic forces over moneyed lobbyists .
Unfortunately , unless wiser heads prevail , that is the way the world is heading .
There , the extreme right threatened to shut down the US government , confirming what game theory suggests : when those who are irrationally committed to destruction if they do n't get their way confront rational individuals , the former prevail .
Key players like the IMF and World Bank must become more transparent and their voting structures must be changed to reflect the current distribution of economic power - as opposed to that prevailing in 1945 - let alone to reflect basic democratic principles .
When then US Deputy Secretary of the Treasury Lawrence Summers tried to change the Bank 's Decennial report on poverty -- to downgrade concerns about insecurity and empowerment and to focus more narrowly on income -- the Bank prevailed .
When the US tried to suppress the Bank 's call for a more balanced intellectual property regime -- one more consonant with the interests of developing countries -- the Bank prevailed yet again .
There is simply little or no empirical evidence that inflation , at the low to moderate rates that have prevailed in recent decades , has any significant harmful real effects on output , employment , growth , or the distribution of income .
The high food and fuel prices that prevailed until recently have taken a heavy toll on the finances of many African economies .
So the future in Asia now appears to belong to China , whose economic growth supports that of neighboring countries -- and whose mercantilism is prevailing in the region .
Although Chinese GDP is large and growing , its per capita income is still low , and its economic policies differ sharply from those prevailing in the region 's OECD countries .
For the `` Dutch disease '' and a rentier spirit prevail in WANA , and have affected oil-producing and non-oil-producing countries , ranging from migrant workers ' remittances and financial investment flows from the oil countries -LRB- mainly into real estate -RRB- to stock-exchange bubbles and foreign aid .
Will such silence and neglect prevail again if civil war is renewed in Sudan ?
The West can and must prevail in this fight and in the defense of the values that it cherishes .
Yet , from another point of view , dialogue prevails over war and the stubborn defense of what one believes to be his identity , because it brings us closer to the vocation of humanity .
Forward-looking elements in Russia will require compelling arguments if their case is to prevail .
Good government is not a competition . It 's not about winning or losing , or whose view or will prevails .
How did reasonable economic policies prevail in this crisis ?
We may also be willing to pay more for products that are manufactured at home , in a safe workplace , without child labor , etc. . These characteristics are intimately linked to the values and morals -- to the general culture -- prevailing in the market .
In light of the escalating violent repression of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change -- and of those whose support apparently helped the MDC to prevail in the presidential election , the results of which have still not been announced after four weeks -- an international arms embargo on Zimbabwe is urgently needed .
These forces will all get into parliament , but the wider their representation , the sooner common sense and justice will prevail here .
The fact that a government has been democratically elected does not mean that the cause of freedom has prevailed .
We shall persist , and our democracy shall prevail .
With several years to adjust , we would expect a powerful supply-side response to higher commodity prices now prevailing all over the world .
In Europe , the `` efficiency view '' of competition policy also prevailed .
Indeed , when North Korea approached Swedish academics to request training in business management , they insisted that the training take place in conditions as near to those prevailing in North Korea as possible .
Now that the US has at last begun to move , gradually and thoughtfully , away from the passions that characterized the country 's response to the 2001 terrorist attacks , it is worth asking if Bill Clinton was right to say that America 's virtues and assets always prevail against its vices and defects .
Perhaps every country should vote in the UN General Assembly on how to proceed ; the option receiving the most votes -- with a possible mandatory minimum requirement , such as requiring an alternative to win a majority or some higher number of votes -- would prevail .
In the prevailing atmosphere of turmoil and confusion , the radical Islamists attack the Americans as barbarous Crusaders who have replaced the communists as the enemies of Islam .
In the end , however , logic prevailed over escapism and hesitation , a ceasefire was signed , and we can only regret all the time that was lost and the unnecessary suffering on both sides .
