Hamas timed these revelations with the disengagement to create the impression that its intensifying military strategy had prevailed .
It is encouraging that the French government eventually prevailed , and interesting how this happened .
President Bill Clinton stepped in , and prevailed upon the two sides to work out their remaining disagreements .
But , while `` capitalism '' -- defined as an economic system built on private ownership of property -- clearly has prevailed , there are many differences among the nearly 200 countries that now practice it in some form .
The `` extremists , '' whom Bush expected to be defeated through economic sanctions , diplomatic isolation , and military action , have prevailed .
Or is it a Russian invitation to the West to reshape the global status quo that has prevailed since the end of Cold War I ?
The legitimacy of hereditary monarchies , a principle established by Metternich , the architect of the post-Napoleonic order , eventually prevailed in the 1848 European Spring .
Sarkozy has , in fact , brought about a rupture , albeit in an unexpected area : the foreign policy consensus that has prevailed since the days of Charles de Gaulle .
German fiscal policy could soon look very different from the zero-deficit bias that prevailed under the grand coalition that governed from 2005 until 2009 .
But the peaceful , carnival spirit that prevailed , the flying of Turkish and German flags side by side in German streets , when the two nations met in the semi-finals , the joint Spanish-German celebrations after the final , all this suggests something fresh .
Would Zhao have prevailed , had the students retreated ?
The latest proof : Mauricio Funes , the standard bearer of the FMLN -- until not long ago a Marxist guerilla movement -- has just prevailed in El Salvador 's presidential election .
Democratic transitions throughout the hemisphere had made guerrilla warfare unjustifiable : as Che foretold in his La Guerra de Guerrillas in 1962 , wherever the trappings -LRB- or , one might add , the realities -RRB- of democratic rule prevailed , taking up arms was pointless .
Vietnam differed from Korea and Malaya , where containment and counterinsurgency prevailed , because the communists could outflank allied forces in South Vietnam by using `` neutral '' territory in Cambodia and Laos .
Both leaders prevailed and in the end won elections .
Charles de Gaulle prevailed politically after ending French colonial rule in Algeria .
In the Western zones , a different set of expectations soon prevailed .
As it happened , the protagonists of the first view were sidelined and the proponents of democratization prevailed .
Not so long ago , there was jubilation that the free world and its values had prevailed in the Cold War .
Democracy in the sense of free elections within certain rules does not allow the rest of us to say that the cause of freedom has prevailed and that we can walk away .
Solid demand growth in the US will provide increased demand for developing-country exports -- albeit not at the prices that prevailed when the dollar was stronger .
This meant that collective production was dissolved early in the reform process and private farming prevailed .
Without that agreement , tax rates would have reverted in 2011 to the higher level that prevailed before the Bush tax cuts of 2001 . That would mean higher taxes for all taxpayers , raising tax liabilities in 2011 and 2012 by about $ 450 billion -LRB- 1.5 % of GDP -RRB- .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel prevailed with her demand that the International Monetary Fund participate in a Greek bailout , should one be necessary .
Indeed , whatever resemblance events on Cairo 's Tahrir Square bear to May 1968 in Paris and the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 , it would be premature to proclaim that freedom has prevailed .
Containment prevailed , but this hardly settled the debate , as there were intense arguments both over where it should be applied -LRB- Vietnam , Central America , and the Middle East all come to mind -RRB- and how it should be carried out , i.e. , the right mix of military force , covert action , diplomacy and arms control , and economic sanctions and assistance .
But the partnerships that prevailed in the Cold War -- between the US , Western Europe , and several Asian countries , including Japan , South Korea , and Australia -- are no longer adequate .
It did not herald a new era of international relations in which terrorists with a global agenda prevailed , or in which such spectacular terrorist attacks became commonplace .
While pragmatism has come to dominate northern Europe 's socialist parties since the 1930 's -- and , after the 1957 Congress of Bad Godesberg , the Germany 's Social Democratic Party -LRB- SPD -RRB- as well -- a preference for revolutionary ideology has always prevailed , at least on the rhetorical level , among French socialists .
The shortsightedness of socialist Prime Minister José Zapatero of Spain has prevailed .
`` Totalitarianism '' finally disintegrated in 1989 , and globalization prevailed .
After the 1997-1998 Asia crisis , and as authoritarian regimes in South Korea and Indonesia disintegrated , these relationships were suddenly interpreted as corrupt , and the counter-view -- that `` crony capitalism '' had become entrenched in these countries -- soon prevailed .
These characteristics would reduce rather than enhance the bearer 's chances of survival , but obviously they prevailed in generation after generation .
Although the SLD 's popularity remained high , the previously fragmented right prevailed due to temporary unity .
Whatever goodwill towards the US prevailed after September 11 was quickly squandered .
The situation in Russia is far from identical to that which prevailed in , say , Ukraine at the time of last year 's `` orange '' revolution . ''
The reason that such pseudo-science has prevailed in so many American schools is directly related to America 's tremendously decentralized school system , which allows committed local groups of the religious-minded to reshape the curriculum .
For almost 40 years , that era 's Western feminist critique of rigid sex-role stereotyping has prevailed .
In 2000 , Al Gore won the popular vote , but George W. Bush prevailed in the electoral college .
Electoral systems are precarious enough to generate pathetic situations such as that which prevailed in Mexico throughout the autumn , with its `` two Presidents . ''
Thaksin recognized this urban-rural divide and shrewdly exploited it , upending the elite consensus that had long prevailed .
Ultimately , America 's vital interests prevailed .
Had American forces not expelled the British from US territory in the first , and had Abraham Lincoln and the Union not prevailed in the second , the country would have been balkanized and unable to become the dominant power of the twentieth century .
Through trial and error -- backed by a durable political and economic system -- the US prevailed and the Soviet Union disintegrated .
While peaceful parliamentary elections were held on June 30 , an atmosphere of apprehension has prevailed ever since .
While that 's down from the high of 71.3 % in early 2009 , it remains fully four percentage points above the 66 % norm that prevailed in the final quarter of the twentieth century .
Boeke believed in a stark separation between the modern , capitalist style of economic organization that prevailed in the West and the pre-capitalist , traditional mode that predominated in what were then called `` underdeveloped areas . ''
In the early 1990s , the World Bank prevailed on Mozambique to liberalize the cashew sector and to lift the remaining restrictions on exports of raw cashews .
The complete policy paralysis that has prevailed during the interregnum between Presidents Bush and Obama has not helped .
In two crucial areas , macroeconomics and global economic development , the emerging economies ' view prevailed .
Openly racist ideas prevailed in Germany and the American South , and much of the world 's population lived in colonies ruled by European powers .
Reflecting the freebooting financial zeitgeist that prevailed at the time , the International Monetary Fund declared in 2006 that `` the dispersion of credit risk by banks to a broader and more diverse group of investors ... has helped make the banking and overall financial system more resilient ... '' As a result , `` the commercial banks may be less vulnerable to ... shocks . ''
When the history of this crisis is written , it will be recorded that -- in contrast to the Great Depression -- protectionism first prevailed in finance rather than trade .
That task can not be left to investors , contrary to the diktats of the market fundamentalist dogma that prevailed until recently .
The level of uncertainty about asset values , solvency , and the connectedness of balance sheets that prevailed at the time was extraordinarily high .
When then US Deputy Secretary of the Treasury Lawrence Summers tried to change the Bank 's Decennial report on poverty -- to downgrade concerns about insecurity and empowerment and to focus more narrowly on income -- the Bank prevailed .
When the US tried to suppress the Bank 's call for a more balanced intellectual property regime -- one more consonant with the interests of developing countries -- the Bank prevailed yet again .
There is simply little or no empirical evidence that inflation , at the low to moderate rates that have prevailed in recent decades , has any significant harmful real effects on output , employment , growth , or the distribution of income .
The high food and fuel prices that prevailed until recently have taken a heavy toll on the finances of many African economies .
The fact that a government has been democratically elected does not mean that the cause of freedom has prevailed .
In Europe , the `` efficiency view '' of competition policy also prevailed .
In the end , however , logic prevailed over escapism and hesitation , a ceasefire was signed , and we can only regret all the time that was lost and the unnecessary suffering on both sides .
