Liberty 's Revolutionary Muse Great social thinkers are almost always start out as polarizing figures , admired by some and scorned by others , until their radical challenge to how we understand the world finally prevails .
As the events of the French elections last spring demonstrated , when this dynamic prevails , the left loses the elections .
A friend from the region described the FATA as `` a forgotten age '' where only the `` law of the jungle '' prevails .
Moreover , disagreement prevails on the type of electoral system to be used .
There are still Euro-enthusiasts , but among the peoples of Europe indifference and , in some places , mild hostility , prevails .
Finally , ensure that the political or peace objective prevails at all times , even if it delays economic stability and development .
Let us hope that reason also prevails this time round .
If this attitude prevails , there is a grave risk that the European Project will become paralyzed . This will not only delay the restoration of economic growth , but will also have dire political consequences .
An immediate concern , if deep pessimism about Iran 's intentions prevails , is a preventive Israeli strike , leading to another major Middle East war -- with catastrophic consequences for the global economy likely .
Yet despite these gales of change , institutional atavism prevails .
But the recent weakness in US prices is very different from the situation that prevails in Japan .
Indeed , Europe will have to share the costs if Iran prevails and becomes a nuclear power .
If Ahmadinejad prevails , the dilemma for the West will be that it will have to deal with a regime discredited by election fraud , but still indispensable for resolving almost all of the Middle East 's important problems : Iran 's own nuclear program and the conflicts in Afghanistan , Pakistan , Iraq , Lebanon , and Palestine .
If this situation prevails beyond 2013 , the SPD will face an unenviable challenge .
If Turkey prevails , Iran and the radicals in the region will be caught on the losing side of history -- and they know it .
Tomorrow is always treated as more important than next week , and next week prevails over next year , with no one seeking to secure the long-term future .
The biggest challenge facing any Rosales presidency in Venezuela would be to end the climate of insecurity that prevails throughout the land .
When radical culture prevails , it brings people over to violence .
Of course , economic common sense sometimes prevails , but it is usually short-lived .
In our media-dominated age , personalities ultimately matter more than programs , which means that elimination prevails over selection .
While such ambivalence will not change , French-American relations are likely to improve no matter which of the three leading candidates prevails in the final round of voting on May 6 , in part owing to Chirac 's exit .
The third major determinant of which scenario prevails will be American power and how it is used .
Federal authorities have curbed their excesses so far , but in the heady , chaotic atmosphere surrounding the elections , uncertainty prevails .
Rich countries are places where investors feel secure in their property rights , the rule of law prevails , private incentives are aligned with social objectives , monetary and fiscal policies are solidly grounded , risks are mediated through social insurance , and citizens have recourse to civil liberties and political representation .
Yes , the culprits should be punished , both to maintain citizens ' belief that justice prevails , and to make other oil producers think twice about taking outsized risks .
It will be the task of Ayatollah Khamenei to rein in conservative ideologues and make sure that pragmatic conservatism prevails .
When these function well , we have a general sense that , even though people are not always trustworthy , basic fairness prevails .
If this premium prevails , Greece will have to pay ¤ 7.4 billion more in interest per year on its ¤ 271 billion debt than it would have to pay at the German rate .
Let 's hope that wisdom prevails before the rise of another Hitler .
Yet , from another point of view , dialogue prevails over war and the stubborn defense of what one believes to be his identity , because it brings us closer to the vocation of humanity .
Good government is not a competition . It 's not about winning or losing , or whose view or will prevails .
