They then decide what to buy or how much to save , given prevailing prices , interest rates , and their own income .
During the crisis , prevailing macroeconomic theory counseled massive fiscal stimulus , thereby aggravating the public-debt crisis .
The prevailing narrative often regards mosques and Islamic associations as spaces for radicalization , but I contend that some young people are actively turning away from these peaceful institutions .
Others feel suffocated by the prevailing toxic discourse that casts European Muslims as foreign , alien , and suspect .
The major problem in the Arab-Isreli conflict , as in many other intricate disputes , has always been the incapacity or unwillingness of leaders to conduct a peace policy that is not supported by their societies ' prevailing , and frequently paralyzing , consensus .
American uneasiness about the prevailing body of international law dealing with conflicts is not entirely frivolous .
In an era in which transparency and disclosure are the prevailing norm in most aspects of European governance , the politics of fiscal policy still look like conference diplomacy , circa 1815 .
But even moderate critics of the mosque -LRB- actually an Islamic cultural center with a prayer room called Park 51 -RRB- betray in their arguments two assumptions that are as questionable as they are ingrained in the prevailing public discourse in the US .
For nearly a decade , any attempt to recast the debate about the events of September 11 , 2001 , away from the prevailing theological narrative has been depicted as subversive and unpatriotic .
The prevailing attitude in Taiwan toward reunification is highly skeptical ; enactment of strict security laws in Hong Kong will hardly be seen as reassuring .
Against this geopolitical background , Asia 's power dynamics are likely to remain fluid , with new or shifting alliances and strengthened military capabilities continuing to challenge the prevailing order .
These funds would at best ameliorate -- not eliminate -- prevailing global disparities in educational access and quality .
Many politicians try to stay as close to prevailing majority views as possible . They regard this as `` democratic '' and hope that such fidelity to the popular will guarantees them re-election .
But the other signs of disconnection also create a highly unstable condition in which one can never tell how representative the prevailing views are .
This has to do with another characteristic of the great ideas that define historical periods , namely the fact that they come from the margin of prevailing orthodoxies .
`` We must keep this sensitive subject out of the campaign '' seemed to be the prevailing attitude , as if the period of heightened political awareness that elections provide should not be used to debate serious controversies .
But in today 's prevailing conditions , we can not afford this perspective .
In the same survey , a -LRB- small -RRB- majority of people judged their present situation worse than that prevailing last year .
Two views about today 's prevailing exchange rates exist : the dollar is overvalued dollar and the yen needs a deep depreciation .
Instead , consolidation of authoritarian regimes appears to be the prevailing trend .
But there is an iron clad requirement for coordination to be genuinely effective : both central banks must see prevailing exchange rates as being in conflict with their domestic policy objectives and share the view that intervention can have a sustainable impact on the exchange rate .
China recognizes that America is in great difficulty -LRB- indeed , it recognizes this more clearly than the US itself -RRB- , and that , given the poisonous political atmosphere prevailing in Washington , there will be no easy return to good government , economic stability , and strong growth .
Although local Muslim leaders have since criticized Hilaly 's attitude , the incident again raises the question of attitudes regarding sex in `` orthodox '' communities , and how they can be reconciled with prevailing norms in the West .
This trend is completely opposite that prevailing in other sectors .
In a certain ideological mind-set , Israel is perceived not as a political entity , susceptible to prevailing standards of judgment , but as an almost allegorical force , the symbolic center and source of the globe 's evils and ailments .
The prevailing response in the 1960 's to Israel 's triumph was that the Arabs should adapt the guerilla strategies pursued by the Vietnamese , Chinese , and Cubans .
The Great Depression produced more alarming outcomes , as the political response to deflation throughout Central Europe and Latin America destroyed the prevailing order , including several democracies .
If the IMF were to support Europe 's weaker economies , this would challenge the prevailing ideology among Frankfurt-dominated policy makers .
Both men are likely to support the prevailing global double standard , which allows rich countries to use fiscal expansion in the face of recession , while forcing poor countries into greater austerity .
If only one change in the prevailing mindset could be made , it should be to realize that , in the case of fish like cod , big is beautiful .
As late as 1960 , both total government spending -LRB- as a share of GDP -RRB- and the distribution of earnings were similar to those prevailing in the United States .
Certainly , this seems to be the prevailing bet in the spin on global warming .
After they overthrew communism in 1989 , the peoples of Central Europe gravitated to democracy because that was the prevailing form of government in the countries of Western Europe , with which they strongly identified .
By renouncing simplicity , it also repudiates today 's prevailing confusion of information with literature , of facts with creativity , and best-selling products with true works of art .
The prevailing consensus is not to regard China as a threat . But there are several serious conceptual flaws in this reasoning .
For example , in Egypt , which is highly representative of the prevailing political situation in the Middle East , the status quo is the result of the regime 's absolute lack of confidence in its ability to open up and reform .
Nearly two decades after the demise of the Soviet empire , what stands out is a prevailing sense of lost opportunities .
Growth has slowed , exports have plummeted , and unemployment has jumped , and the prevailing view has been that a `` blame America first '' strategy makes the most sense .
But the problem with the metaphor is that it implies a degree of American control that is unrealistic , and reinforces the prevailing strong temptations towards unilateralism in both the US Congress and parts of the Bush administration .
Smooth convergence of risk premiums for inflation , exchange rates , and , perhaps most importantly , debt default with those prevailing in the eurozone are crucial for alleviating possible shocks to the financial system .
On purely technical grounds , euroization will push the inflation risk premium -- the difference between the average short-term interest rate and the inflation rate -- to the level prevailing in the eurozone , implying lower real interest rates .
In a region with weak enforcement and few mechanisms for redress , protection restricted to prevailing labor standards amounts to no protection at all .
It is overly optimistic to pretend that today 's EU institutions can implement such principles , because they do not represent the prevailing power realities .
Another mark against the notion of Islam 's overwhelming power to determine a society 's prevailing conditions .
Using the `` energy weapon , '' however , is not just a tactic : it is at the heart of the prevailing doctrine guiding Russian foreign policy .
For developing Asia as a whole , internal private consumption currently stands at a record low of just 45 % of GDP -- down ten percentage points from the 55 % share prevailing as recently as 2002 .
The prevailing obsession with the `` governance '' agenda entails a broad-based effort to remold institutions in developing societies as a prerequisite for economic growth .
But the extent of intervention they condone differs , reflecting their different views concerning how dysfunctional the prevailing approach to supervision and prudential regulation is .
But in other areas , such as trade , employment , or industrial policies , prevailing thinking is either naïve or non-existent .
Similar policies will produce different market reactions depending on the prevailing story , or fad of the moment .
Because policymakers operate in second-best environments , optimal reform trajectories - even in apparently straightforward cases such as price reform - can not be designed without due regard to prevailing conditions and without weighing the consequences for multiple distorted margins .
Climate change , for example , poses dire threats to the planet that must be assessed according to prevailing scientific norms and the evolving capacity of climate science .
Will those norms be based upon my values , your values , prevailing scientific views , or perhaps the values of a political mastermind ?
At the earliest opportunity , Nigeria 's government should convene a conference of all national and regional leaders and secure agreement on a constitutional provision whereby each household would be guaranteed a share of oil revenues , with the amount determined by prevailing prices and quotas .
But there is relatively less pleasure in public displays of consumption at a time when the prevailing national story is one of triumph over adversity .
In soccer , that does seem to be the prevailing ethic .
Other defenses of objective truth in ethics made no appeal to religion , but could make little headway against the prevailing philosophical mood .
History could be profitably subdivided into eras defined by the prevailing prime movers .
The prevailing belief that market discipline corrects such imbalances is false , for two reasons .
Instead of engaging in preemptive military actions , the US should pursue preventive actions of a constructive nature , creating a better balance between carrots and sticks in the prevailing world order .
This was almost completely unexpected , as the prevailing view was that financial markets are self-correcting .
It would also have to reconstitute the International Monetary Fund to reflect better the prevailing pecking order among states and to revise its methods of operation .
My views are far from unique , but they are at variance with the prevailing mood .
The key to success is the education of a new generation of Roma who do not seek toassimilate into the general population , but deliberately retain their identity as Roma.Edu cated , successful Roma will shatter the prevailing negative stereotypes by their very existence .
The prevailing exchange-rate system is lopsided .
An open society does not treat prevailing arrangements as sacrosanct ; it allows for alternatives when those arrangements fail .
Key players like the IMF and World Bank must become more transparent and their voting structures must be changed to reflect the current distribution of economic power - as opposed to that prevailing in 1945 - let alone to reflect basic democratic principles .
So the future in Asia now appears to belong to China , whose economic growth supports that of neighboring countries -- and whose mercantilism is prevailing in the region .
Although Chinese GDP is large and growing , its per capita income is still low , and its economic policies differ sharply from those prevailing in the region 's OECD countries .
We may also be willing to pay more for products that are manufactured at home , in a safe workplace , without child labor , etc. . These characteristics are intimately linked to the values and morals -- to the general culture -- prevailing in the market .
With several years to adjust , we would expect a powerful supply-side response to higher commodity prices now prevailing all over the world .
Indeed , when North Korea approached Swedish academics to request training in business management , they insisted that the training take place in conditions as near to those prevailing in North Korea as possible .
In the prevailing atmosphere of turmoil and confusion , the radical Islamists attack the Americans as barbarous Crusaders who have replaced the communists as the enemies of Islam .
