Proportional representation is widely viewed as one factor that promotes the implementation of redistributive policies by providing a political voice to minorities .
Yugoslavia 's new leadership should now be allowed to deal with Milosevic in a way that promotes democracy within Yugoslavia .
Indeed , far from being an electoral revolution , only two of those elected -- Barghouti and Muhammad Shtayyeh , who has headed PECDAR , the Palestinian agency that promotes transparency and economic development -- can be considered at all critical of the Fatah establishment .
The European Union , which actively promotes regional interests , has weakened the authority of national governments .
The new Proud of the Netherlands Movement , led by Rita Verdonk , the former Minister of Integration , promotes a somewhat more respectable version of this hard line .
Astonishingly , hibernating bears lay down new bone , by producing a substance that inhibits cells that break down bone and promotes those that produce bone and cartilage .
Indeed , there is a legitimate question whether the behavior of today 's capitalists promotes the general acceptance of capitalism .
The idea of a single European air traffic control area was blocked because of a dispute between Britain and Spain over Gibraltar ; proposals for liberalisation of gas and electricity supply were resisted by France , which promotes the public service advantages of public sector utilities .
The SCO promotes free trade , too , and aims to build essential infrastructure such as roads and railways to link its members and boost commerce between them while also harmonizing customs systems and tariffs .
The challenge now is to redesign Georgia 's aid package to focus primarily on the provision of `` reconstruction aid '' that promotes investment and employment .
While `` humanitarian aid '' can not be neglected , it should be recognized that such aid promotes consumption rather than investment , creating price distortions and work disincentives .
Human mobility promotes growth and reduces poverty .
A development strategy that promotes growth first , and only then deals with human misery , is not sustainable .
But this can not be the whole explanation , because a similar radicalization is occurring within German 's left , where the alliance of the post-communist PDS -- still powerful in the Länder of what was East Germany -- and SPD dissidents led by Oskar Lafontaine promotes equally radical proposals .
While Iran promotes the Shia religious parties in Iraq , Syria 's interests there tilt toward secular nationalism , as represented by former prime minister Ayad Allawi 's coalition , which actually defeated Maliki in the parliamentary elections held earlier this year . Indeed , Syria has supported Allawi for the past seven years .
The debate about the contribution of religious values is parallel to the debate over the relationship of freedom to economic development -- a central issue in the work of the Nobel laureate economists Friedrich Hayek and Amartya Sen. It is clearly tempting for critics of authoritarian regimes to argue that freedom is good because it promotes economic growth .
In other words , life promotes disorder .
Second , doing nothing promotes corruption .
Although he claims to oppose economic liberalism , he is a product of the political liberties that it promotes and feeds on the benefits generated by the market economy .
Moreover , although Bush has given mainly national security reasons for his seeming change of heart , America 's federal system , helps the country get around even a roadblock as powerful as the president , as `` localism '' promotes eco-political initiatives at the state level and even within municipalities .
Europeans need to recognize that strength lies in unity , and that Europe 's integration can not be guaranteed without a common constitutional framework that promotes a common identity .
Even if policymakers were successful in creating an environment that better rewards investment and thus promotes faster growth , Latin America 's ills would not be solved .
At the height of tensions , when China found the governments of Lee Teng-hui and Chen Shui-bian intolerable , it never ceased its policy of embracing the Taiwanese people and Taiwanese businessmen . Over time , this created a rich web of economic interdependence , which promotes stability .
This effect is probably caused by the lactoferrin , which promotes repair of the diarrhea-damaged cells of the intestinal mucosa .
Moreover , Putin has never made a mistake about the loyalty of the people he promotes .
Great powers try to use culture and narrative to create soft power that promotes their advantage , but they do not always understand how to do it . Critics in the United States complain that the over-militarization of foreign policy undercuts its credibility .
The IMF endorsed legal standards and codes of best practice developed by other institutions , but also promotes the development of new standards , including accounting and auditing standards , securities market regulations , bankruptcy law , codes for corporate governance , insurance and banking regulations .
The Return of Industrial Policy CAMBRIDGE -- British Prime Minister Gordon Brown promotes it as a vehicle for creating high-skill jobs .
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdo?an promotes the trials as evidence of Turkey 's new turn towards democracy and the rule of law . They are also actively supported by news media belonging to the so-called Gülen group -- a powerful ally of Erdo?an 's government made up of followers of the Muslim cleric Fethullah Gülen .
The overwhelming standard for supplying official development assistance should therefore be whether official assistance actually promotes economic development .
To be sure , we should support economic growth and development , but only in a broader context : one that promotes environmental sustainability and the values of compassion and honesty that are required for social trust .
So , in my view , true democracy is the only alternative , because it is realistic and promotes peace .
The other source is universal , leading to an open society guided by universal human rights that protects and promotes the freedom of the individual .
This would be a major step forward in trying to create a fair trade regime that promotes development .
As a pluralist society with a free and thriving mass media , creative energies that express themselves in a variety of appealing ways , and a democratic system that promotes and protects diversity , India has an extraordinary ability to tell stories that are more persuasive and attractive than those of its rivals .
Their electoral platform -- which also promotes a sense of generational change -- is centered on their rejection of illegality and corruption , two issues that galvanize broad popular support .
Eichel 's commitment to balancing the budget is certainly important , but balancing the budget is no substitute for a medium and long-term strategic perspective for fiscal policy that promotes sustainable growth and recognizes the need to invest in Germany 's ailing education system .
