As a result , Syria 's various political power centers have embarked on a desperate search for a vision to promote change yet allow the existing order to survive .
The West should make clear to Serbia that it will react vigorously against any efforts to promote violence or partition Kosovo .
The minister for education would do her country a profound service if she were to re-allocate resources to courses designed to train export promoters .
Proportional representation is widely viewed as one factor that promotes the implementation of redistributive policies by providing a political voice to minorities .
The `` story '' promoted by the pro-aid movement is simple and appealing .
Instead of being forced to resign after Rwanda and Srebrenica , he was promoted to Secretary-General .
As an alternative , he promoted a rival `` Turkish Orthodox Patriarchate , '' which became a bastion of ultra-nationalist ideology .
This is the only way to promote and defend the EMU 's economic interests in a world where the challenges are global and overcoming them will increasingly depend on multilateral cooperation .
The goal must be to promote effective cancer control that is integrated into national health-care systems throughout the developing world .
To promote fiscal transparency , our Finance Department has created a Web site called `` Pera ng Bayan , '' or `` The People 's Money . '' It allows the public to report tax cheats , smugglers , and crooks anonymously .
The Turkish government has adopted an active role as a promoter of peace and has reconfigured its policies toward a number of regional problems .
Not all countries will embrace the Protocol . Some will prefer to avoid any strengthening of economic , social , and cultural rights and will seek to maintain the status quo . The better and fairer position , however , is to embrace the vision of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and promote unambiguously the idea that human dignity requires respect for the equally vital and mutually dependent freedoms from fear and want .
The '' Consulta de San José , '' as the event has been dubbed , will produce practical ideas that leaders can implement , and help us to identify and promote cost-efficient initiatives .
News reports and `` analysis '' by state-controlled channels in both Russia and Georgia that promote negative images of `` the enemy '' serve only to widen the gap between ethnic groups .
Instead , political leaders must use these windfalls to invest in innovation , promote sustainable businesses , and encourage new patterns of decent , long-lasting employment .
Yugoslavia 's new leadership should now be allowed to deal with Milosevic in a way that promotes democracy within Yugoslavia .
Afghans are demanding a political settlement to the conflict , which is the only means to stop the violence that disrupts their lives , promote political inclusion and accountability , and enable better governance .
First , the IMF should promote financial stability through multilateral surveillance .
Second , the IMF should promote financial stability through bilateral surveillance .
Such people are more likely to seek to strengthen their privileges than promote pluralism and the rule of law .
And at the start of a new five-year term at the European Commission , I will continue to do all I can to promote this important issue .
It is the worst form of capitalism , not only because of the extreme inequality in income and wealth that such economies tolerate , but also because the elites do not promote growth as the central goal of economic policy .
But , for Brown 's policy to succeed , it must promote social change and political reform in the Arab world .
Indeed , the rules have changed , and Israel can not say that it was not warned that this is an era in which international law and universal justice are being forcefully promoted as pillars of an improved world order .
So , while the US gets to play the `` Ugly American '' once again , the regional powers promote their interests in that war-torn country with a smiling face and away from the battlefield .
This means engaging Afghanistan 's neighboring states to promote a settlement of national reconciliation that includes all the major stakeholders &#45; &#45; the government , the Taliban and the warlords &#45; &#45; in the country .
The Istanbul Cooperation Initiative of 2004 , triggered by the trauma of the 9\/11 attacks , holds far greater potential , for it transforms NATO 's relations with friendly states in the Middle East from dialogue to partnership -- a level comparable to the Partnership for Peace program used to promote Central and Eastern European countries to full membership .
That was also the logic of the Barcelona Process in the late 1990 's , whereby the European Union worked to promote the development and democratization of the countries of the Maghreb as the best way to stem the uncontrolled tide of illegal immigration into Europe .
Instead of competing for the role of regional power broker , as was the case under Mubarak , Egypt can join forces with Turkey -- whose officials the Egyptians wisely invited to the ceremony that sealed the Palestinian reconciliation -- to promote an Israeli-Arab peace and a civilized security system in the Middle East .
Bush 's Flawed Middle East Peace Plan That a summit in Damascus of the Middle East 's `` axis of evil '' -- Iran , Hezbollah , Syria , and Hamas -- was convened immediately following President George W. Bush 's call for a conference of `` moderates '' to promote an Israeli-Palestinian peace demonstrates once again how intertwined the region 's problems are .
Ironically , Iran has been the main supporter of Arab democracy , for the best way to undermine the incumbent regimes is to promote popularly based Islamist movements such as Hezbollah in Lebanon , the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt , Hamas in Palestine , and the Shiite majority in Iraq .
On one hand , these programs help promote stability by supporting the parent banks active in the region . On the other hand , the interventions have also undermined the East European financial systems .
Like no other institution , NATO embodies Atlantic cohesion , something that remains essential for any Western effort to promote a degree of international order .
Most important , they would forego what may be the last chance to promote a consensual peace .
promote human rights and democracy ;
The Tony Blair Faith Foundation has been in consultation with the country 's religious leaders and inter-faith association to develop a national program with the Ministry of Health that would promote the government 's key public-health messages , participate in education for bed-net use , and use available health assets and faith community networks .
Governments could promote entry into the permanent labor market in stages by introducing graded employment protection and so avoiding the formation of a long-term dual market .
Thus , policies that promote individual well-being tend to benefit society as well .
People who claim to be happy tend to live longer , commit suicide and abuse drugs and alcohol less often , get promoted more frequently by their employers , and enjoy more good friends and lasting marriages .
The UN was born as a community of nations committed to safeguard and promote the values at the heart of the fight against Nazism and Fascism .
Only a re-founded UN will have the legitimacy necessary to react credibly to threats to peace and promote freedom and human rights .
The Nobelists ' point is that , as far as therapeutic cloning is concerned , rather than attempting global prohibition , it would be much wiser , and possibly more effective , to promote an international regulatory regime through ample legalization of stem cell research .
This is helping to promote further instability in already volatile political contexts .
Governments , international organizations and individuals that participate in the London conference must not dismiss the call made by the European Parliament , for it offers a far more workable strategy to promote Afghanistan 's future than the current counter-narcotics policies permit .
The new round of industrial policy is occurring in advanced economies such as the United States and the United Kingdom , which long resisted its worst excesses , France , which long promoted national `` champions '' , and emerging economies such as Brazil and China .
For example , French President Nicholas Sarkozy plans to borrow 52 billion euros to promote what his government guesses or hopes will be `` growth industries . ''
Can Europe promote fair play in international affairs , or must it accept a new game of great power rivalry as inevitable and throw itself into the fray ?
It can be given shape by , for example , training imams in Europe , by encouraging mosques to promote social cohesion in their neighborhoods , and by more active participation by Muslims in the public debate .
Second , if it 's difficult to forge consensus within one country on how best to promote growth , imagine the same argument on a global scale .
But President Bush can not promote democracy in Iraq by cynically sacrificing it in Ukraine .
Indeed , far from being an electoral revolution , only two of those elected -- Barghouti and Muhammad Shtayyeh , who has headed PECDAR , the Palestinian agency that promotes transparency and economic development -- can be considered at all critical of the Fatah establishment .
We welcome US re-engagement in global climate negotiations and await its leadership in transforming words into concrete policies that promote global green growth .
While the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 -- the deadliest of all time -- had nothing `` virtual '' about them , their perpetrator , al-Qaeda , projects a cloud of threat and power by using cyberspace to promote its bloody `` successes , '' spread hatred , and recruit jihadists .
When the Stones themselves finally performed in China , in 2003 , they agreed to cut some of their racier numbers from the program , because , as their local promoter put it , `` They know there are differences between Chinese and Western cultures .
The notion of `` Asian values , '' promoted mostly by Singaporean official scribes , was partly a critique of universalist Western claims .
Be that as it may , nation-states were often formed in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries to promote common interests that transcended cultural , ethnic , linguistic , or religious differences .
The European Union , which actively promotes regional interests , has weakened the authority of national governments .
This is what happened when Bush and Cheney took up the ideas promoted by the neo-cons .
Even if , by some miracle , Iraq were to evolve into a stable , harmonious , liberal democratic state , the price already paid in -LRB- mostly Iraqi -RRB- blood and -LRB- mostly American -RRB- treasure is already too high to justify the kind of revolutionary military intervention promoted by the neo-cons .
What is needed is to find a less belligerent , more liberal way to promote democracy , stressing international cooperation instead of blunt military force .
The personal charm of the Dalai Lama , combined with the Himalayan air of superior spiritual wisdom , has promoted a caricature of a mystical , wise , and peace-loving people being crushed by a brutal empire .
In the United States , it was Democrats , such as John F. Kennedy , who promoted freedom around the world .
But what is needed to revive liberal idealism is a set of new ideas on how to promote justice , equality and freedom in the world .
To attribute the Swiss vote to ban minarets -- an idea that was promoted by the right-wing Swiss People 's Party , but by none of the other political parties -- to `` Islamophobia '' is perhaps to miss the point .
This is a common form of populist paranoia , promoted in the US by radio talk-show hosts and Fox television , and in Europe by men like Wilders .
And nationalism in China , promoted through schools , mass media , and `` patriotic '' monuments and museums , means one thing : only the firm rule of the CCP will prevent foreigners , especially Westerners and the Japanese , from humiliating Chinese ever again .
Some of the same people who accuse Obama today of being `` soft '' were keen promoters of the war in Iraq .
Operation Iraqi Freedom , not to mention Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan , gave American efforts to promote democracy a terrible name .
At great monarchical displays , such as the royal wedding in London , millions become enthralled by child-like dreams of a `` fairy-tale '' marriage . The mystique of immense wealth , noble birth , and great exclusivity is further sustained by the global mass media that promote these rituals .
The French public intellectual Bernard-Henri Lévy , who had promoted the Libyan revolution with a strong dose of narcissistic showmanship , wrote that the lynching of Qaddafi `` polluted the essential morality '' of the people 's rebellion .
The new Proud of the Netherlands Movement , led by Rita Verdonk , the former Minister of Integration , promotes a somewhat more respectable version of this hard line .
Yet tragically , in a misguided attempt to thwart the spread of HIV and AIDS , lawmakers in many parts of the world have passed criminal statues that promote ignorance about the disease , punish its victims , and enhance the chances that the virus will infect new victims .
It will be a tragedy -- especially for the Palestinians -- if they promote or condone terrorism .
Although President Bill Clinton made strong efforts to promote peace , a massive increase of settlers occurred during his administration , to 225,000 , mostly while Ehud Barak was prime minister .
Any rejectionist policies of Hamas or any terrorist group will be overcome by an overall Arab commitment to restrain further violence and to promote the well-being of the Palestinian people .
Global hopes to reduce child and maternal mortality , combat HIV\/AIDS , and achieve universal primary education are damaged by the fact that one in seven girls in the developing world -- and it is overwhelmingly girls who suffer this fate -- are married before they reach age 15 . Child marriage also thwarts ambitions to eliminate extreme poverty and promote gender equality .
No religions that we know of explicitly promote child marriage .
The West violated that agreement in 1999 in Kosovo : NATO powers first attacked Kosovo and Belgrade , in breach of the UN Charter -LRB- although they were morally justified to do so , because there was a need to stop the serious atrocities underway -RRB- ; the West then promoted and blessed Kosovo 's secession .
Finally , because it is mostly civilians that have suffered and are still suffering in Georgia , it is imperative for the world community to promote a lasting solution , as is stipulated in the agreement promoted by French President Nicolas Sarkozy .
Globally , Europe needs to promote an open , inclusive , and effective system of international governance .
When the EU launched its new `` Eastern Partnership '' in May , the purpose was to promote further integration with the Union 's six immediate eastern neighbors -- Armenia , Azerbaijan , Belarus , Georgia , Moldova , and Ukraine .
Political association with the EU , and the process of integration under this Partnership , will promote reforms in these key areas .
Astonishingly , hibernating bears lay down new bone , by producing a substance that inhibits cells that break down bone and promotes those that produce bone and cartilage .
Success as Mayor of Bucharest will boost his chances , and what better way is there for a politician to promote himself than by `` cleaning up '' some seemingly intractable problem -- particularly one that symbolizes ten years of incompetence and despair .
He told them that he rejected cruelty to animals , but insisted that it was his duty to promote the interests of people before dogs .
Since the 1980 's , an increasing proportion of new cadres have university degrees , and cadres are promoted partly on the basis of examinations .
So far as separateness is concerned , it should not be explicitly promoted unless a fence seems to be the only hope of peace .
The international community must therefore recognize that it is not enough to promote , organize , or monitor elections in hitherto undemocratic countries .
Moreover , an egalitarian climate does not promote innovation and a sense of dynamic development .
Indeed , there is a legitimate question whether the behavior of today 's capitalists promotes the general acceptance of capitalism .
In the meantime , the key task is to promote the rule of law , backed by the international community .
These populists promise solutions that dispense with the habits and norms of moderation , notably with centrist democratic policies and an internationalism that seeks to promote peace and prosperity .
The idea of a single European air traffic control area was blocked because of a dispute between Britain and Spain over Gibraltar ; proposals for liberalisation of gas and electricity supply were resisted by France , which promotes the public service advantages of public sector utilities .
Publicly , each claims legitimacy by offering to the wider society dynamic programs of modernization , liberalization and competent economic management ; privately they promise their friends that they will promote sectoral interests and preserve social privileges .
Surveys promoted by financial firms tend to show that trust in them has not diminished much , and that people continue to trust them even more than they do the National Health Service or the BBC .
Surveys promoted by the BBC tend to show the reverse .
In the United States , there is now a more systematic , independent survey promoted by economists at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business .
The SCO promotes free trade , too , and aims to build essential infrastructure such as roads and railways to link its members and boost commerce between them while also harmonizing customs systems and tariffs .
China , for example , seeks markets for its products and further energy resources , while Russia aims to use the SCO to promote its anti-Western agenda .
Together , the EU and the US will be in a better position jointly to promote justice , human rights and freedom around the world .
Active policies to promote new start-ups and local companies ' expansion through credit , training , and technical support are imperative .
As White points out , promoters of FDI are not selling a product , which the country 's embassies abroad may be able to do .
For this reason , FDI has to be promoted separately from domestic investment and exports .
Many promote both foreign and domestic investment , despite the failure of such institutional arrangements in the past .
The executive director should put together a team of analysts located in critical locations abroad and able to conduct business intelligence . This requires investigation of markets and trends , and identification of specific firms that would be desirable for the clusters or niches that the country wants to promote .
The team will also need `` promoters '' in these locations , with public-relations expertise and technical knowledge of the country and the clusters .
The challenge now is to redesign Georgia 's aid package to focus primarily on the provision of `` reconstruction aid '' that promotes investment and employment .
While `` humanitarian aid '' can not be neglected , it should be recognized that such aid promotes consumption rather than investment , creating price distortions and work disincentives .
Reconstruction aid to improve infrastructure , promote start-up companies , and reactivate micro - and small enterprises , services , mining , and other sectors , and to improve agricultural yields and irrigation , should start right away and should be the main focus of international aid commitments .
To avoid a continuation of conflict and aid-dependency , the main focus of the international aid commitment should be to reactivate small enterprises and promote startup companies in various sectors in order to create viable economies that enable people to earn a legal and decent living .
At the time that Angell wrote , some people argued that war was an important means to promote national prosperity ; that commercial prosperity was the fruit of military power .
While liberalization was promoted in the late 1980 's and embraced during the 1990 's , food markets in the developed world remained highly protected , with Latin American countries suffering the consequences .
But education has always been hard to promote as a subject of foreign assistance .
Sonia Gandhi , the leader of the ruling Congress Party , who pushed hard to promote Patil 's candidacy primarily on gender grounds , calls this election `` a special moment for women across the country . ''
The US must focus once again on the arts as a meaningful way to promote stronger cultural engagement and , ultimately , to find new channels of communication with the Muslim world .
Already in the 1980 's and 1990 's , Europe had launched the `` Barcelona Process '' to promote democracy , security and development in the region .
That might be why governments are so widely seen to have a positive duty to promote stem cell research and other forms of medical progress .
But on other issues , Ban has failed to live up to the critically important precedent set by his predecessor as Secretary-General , Kofi Annan , who transformed the position to promote human rights and assumed the role of the `` world 's conscience '' when necessary .
The global financial crisis thus revealed the Mexican economy 's inability to innovate , promote investment , create jobs , or provide conditions for social mobility .
At a time of intense debate over budgets , people around the world must remember that these kinds of investments not only save lives , improve livelihoods , and promote stability , but also save money in the long run .
It is now mainstream -- a fitting subject for even die-hard realists to consider and no longer a cause promoted by peace groups alone .
China represents a strong ideological challenge for the region , particularly for the status quo of economic policy promoted by the majority of multilateral institutions since the 1980 's .
But they also need to do much more to promote innovation and competitiveness .
They probably can , but only if Europeans give up the political directives of yesteryear and instead promote innovation and more competitive environmental policies .
Countries like Ecuador , hobbled by massive external debt , poor infrastructure , a corrupt ruling class , and yawning inequality , need international agreements akin to those of the European Union that help reduce debt burdens , boost technology transfer , and promote social and economic justice .
Agility , dynamism , productivity , and economic policies that promote efficiency and enterprise are required .
As many studies have shown , Brazil has not been able -- or has not wanted -- to adopt the modernizing reforms needed to promote a productivity boom .
Enterprise managers promoted from the shop floor were , it is said , second rate .
Even if Google does ultimately leave China , the game is not over . Western companies can promote Internet freedom from the outside , by providing useful technology as well as the keys to access it .
Twitter may now be taking more aggressive steps to promote Internet freedom abroad .
And the invasion of Iraq in 2003 is a gift that keeps on giving to the world 's malcontents : embracing the Security Council only when you get your way , but ignoring or undermining it when you do n't , is no way to promote a cooperative rule-based international order .
But what China really needs is a greater effort to promote domestic consumption and lower the savings rate .
President Bush has pushed stopping the spread of nuclear weapons to the top of the international agenda . Ironic , then , that America 's nuclear weapons development program may promote the very proliferation it seeks to prevent , as US Senator Dianne Feinstein explains .
The euro was promoted as necessary for free trade among the member countries under the slogan `` One Market , One Money . ''
A competitive dollar abroad means that other countries should not implement policies that artificially depress the value of their currencies in order to promote exports and deter imports .
Instead , the US stresses to foreign governments that an effective global trading system requires not only the removal of formal trade barriers , but also the absence of policies aimed at causing currency values that promote large trade surpluses .
Indeed , Tunisia is a stern test of the EU 's `` Mediterranean partnership '' -- a long-promoted policy that so far consists of little more than empty phrases .
Moreover , such projects would promote cooperation between the states in the EU 's southern neighborhood , potentially boosting investments in education , infrastructure , and industrial development .
None of this addresses important questions , such as common policies to ensure economic stability and promote growth .
Again , I think that the EU is leading the way in developing countries with development policies that promote broad-based rural economic growth by boosting primary production and increasing its efficiency .
Other than drive his boss around and attend meetings , he did nothing more to promote the terrorist attacks of September 2001 .
We Europeans must favor stability , create a real spirit of co-ownership , and promote political responsibility .
Human mobility promotes growth and reduces poverty .
Regional development policies to promote so-called `` equitable growth '' are not a solution , for two reasons .
Second , regional policies that promote `` balanced '' growth could lower overall growth , thereby impeding poverty reduction .
In today 's uncertain world , social turmoil , gender deprivation , and rising conflict have tested countries ' abilities to create jobs , promote gender equity , equip young people with skills , and design effective social protection programs .
Tackling these challenges requires a clear understanding of how economic opportunities can be broadened to ensure faster poverty reduction , promote human development , and stimulate gender-inclusive growth .
A development strategy that promotes growth first , and only then deals with human misery , is not sustainable .
To promote their position , Russia 's generals and diplomats adhere to the perception that the country remains besieged by enemies , the US and NATO most prominently .
The Council of Europe , which for 60 years has promoted European integration through human rights and culture , includes Neuchatel among 10 `` intercultural '' cities that it is studying for `` best practice '' policies and governance in multicultural societies .
Similarly , the `` fundamental objectives '' of the Union -LRB- Article 3 -RRB- indulge in promises to promote `` sustainable '' growth , social cohesion and social protection , gender equality , the environment , and consumer protection .
Sarkozy 's visit to London also produced a Franco-British commitment to promote the European Security and Defense Policy -LRB- ESDP -RRB- , and in France 's case to send more troops to Afghanistan .
One answer put forward by the Bush administration is to promote democracy .
But this can not be the whole explanation , because a similar radicalization is occurring within German 's left , where the alliance of the post-communist PDS -- still powerful in the Länder of what was East Germany -- and SPD dissidents led by Oskar Lafontaine promotes equally radical proposals .
But , contrary to the US , integration in France is not based on assimilation , but on a desire to promote homogeneity -- the nation unified as `` one and indivisible . ''
Experience with alcohol suggests that these approaches may modestly reduce , but not eliminate , the harms associated with use , especially if sellers are allowed to promote their wares .
We strongly support the Burmese opposition 's campaign calling on the country 's citizens to reject the constitution , which does not promote human rights , but only confirms the military 's political role .
In working to promote human rights , political reform , and democratization in China , Liu has made a significant contribution to the values of peace and fraternity among nations that Nobel had in mind when he created the award more than a century ago .
They must , instead , encourage nations positively to promote the principle of equal rights in keeping with current interpretations of international obligation .
It would apply to everyone , regardless of nationality or statelessness , including refugees and asylum seekers , and it would place a positive obligation on states to `` promote and fulfill '' the right to equality .
Moreover , the opposition , is typically always oriented more toward the next election than to providing support on any single issue for the Chancellor , even an issue that it wishes to promote .
Instead , these information-sharing tools and channels promote more subtle social progress .
So Twitter has become a major tool to promote contentious politics in China .
Europeans worry about their lack of engineers , but they do little to promote science education .
American efforts to re-start Israeli-Palestinian peace talks have faced adamant opposition from Iran , which maintains its 30-year-old policy of opposing any effort to promote peace in the region .
While Iran promotes the Shia religious parties in Iraq , Syria 's interests there tilt toward secular nationalism , as represented by former prime minister Ayad Allawi 's coalition , which actually defeated Maliki in the parliamentary elections held earlier this year . Indeed , Syria has supported Allawi for the past seven years .
Asian economists who promote regional integration in Asia have observed the debate with amazement , in that the fault line is not based on economic philosophy like `` Keynesians vs. Neoclassicals '' or `` Liberals vs. Conservatives , '' but on a geographical , transatlantic divide .
The debate about the contribution of religious values is parallel to the debate over the relationship of freedom to economic development -- a central issue in the work of the Nobel laureate economists Friedrich Hayek and Amartya Sen. It is clearly tempting for critics of authoritarian regimes to argue that freedom is good because it promotes economic growth .
Most religions embrace and promote certain notions about the meaning of life , offering the faithful reasons why we and all other organisms exist .
In other words , life promotes disorder .
He will emphasize common strategic interests , highlight mutual economic benefits , generate positive public opinion , and promote further exchanges .
As Chancellor Angela Merkel and her colleagues promote their well-defined plan -- which comes in addition to a plan for bridge financing while in default -- the cost of default falls .
Recent studies show that financial incentives to promote earlier retirement are sometimes powerful , so much so that continuing to work becomes a prohibitively expensive .
Rather than endless debates about higher budgetary allocations , India needs to find practical ways to promote effective , targeted , self-adjusting , and self-liquidating anti-poverty programs .
As the South African example shows , such agreements can even promote a country 's development .
It would be self-defeating , or worse , to try to promote morality through brutal coercion .
These more than 100,000 deaths are a tragic indictment of India 's economic `` miracle , '' and an embarrassment for a government eager to promote India 's image as an up-and-coming global economic and military power .
Those with bitter memories of Japanese behavior half a century ago should be reassured ; this debate is about how to defend peace , not about how to promote or wage war .
Abe also stressed his intention to boost ties with Russia , promote cooperation with the ASEAN countries , and develop a strategic dialogue with Australia and India .
Most importantly , he has proposed exercising the right collective self-defense on a case-by-case basis - thus far barred by the article 9 of Japan 's constitution -- in order to maintain peace and promote effective functioning of the Japan-US alliance .
In early June , the two countries ' defense and foreign ministers held the first regular security meeting -LRB- the so-called `` 2 +2 meeting '' -RRB- in Tokyo , agreeing to promote defense cooperation in various fields , including international security .
However , efforts to promote this kind of cooperation should not be confined to these mid-level powers .
Today , however , calls are growing to promote a more accurate and balanced historical education that focuses on modern history after the Meiji Restoration and WWII , and that reflects the reality of the Sino-Japanese relationship free from an obsession with `` atonement . ''
As for the nuclear issue , Japan 's policy toward North Korea should continue to emphasize solidifying ties with the US and strengthening cooperation with China , South Korea , and Russia , making every effort to promote early resumption of the six-party talks .
A navy sufficient to promote such activities is being rapidly developed and purchased from abroad -LRB- mostly from Russia , the EU when possible -RRB- .
In each country , China is nurturing special military and commercial relations intended to promote loyalty to Chinese interests .
But the Chinese are already offering Russia projects that are similar to those that they promote in African states : the development of resources with Chinese money and Chinese labor . Russia must act now to secure a more dignified and beneficial place in a future world order .
Worldwide , $ 184 billion is being allocated in public stimulus investments to promote clean energy , led by the United States -LRB- $ 67 billion -RRB- and China -LRB- $ 47 billion -RRB- .
The United Nations Foundation and the US State Department have launched a $ 50 million public-private partnership to promote clean cooking stoves in poor countries .
Former spies now sit atop the commanding heights of Russia 's energy-centric economy , but their role is not all that different from what it was in Soviet days . Back then , the USSR promoted its interests through satellite states and military power .
Such demand requires a social group to promote it . ''
Still others are required to educate and promote better hygiene in camps and communities .
The UN has placed a high priority on promoting women at all levels of the Organization and this year , for the first time , UN Women is operating to promote the interests and rights of women all over the world .
The Road to Nuclear Disarmament NEW YORK -- Weapons of mass destruction and disarmament form one of the gravest challenges facing the world . One of my priorities as United Nations Secretary-General is to promote global public goods and remedies to challenges that do not respect borders .
Also in September , countries that have signed the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test Ban Treaty -LRB- CTBT -RRB- will meet at the UN to consider ways to promote its early entry into force . North Korea 's nuclear tests , its missile launches and its threats of further provocation lend new urgency to this cause .
It is shocking that the EU has done so little to press its members , and candidate-members , to promote community living for people with mental disabilities .
Indeed , when Japan provided relief to the countries hit by the Sumatra earthquake in 2004 , which claimed 250,000 lives , it was keenest to promote an early warning system for tsunamis .
In order to avoid the recurring crises of the past , Argentina must re-establish trust and implement a macroeconomic program to slow inflation , maintain fiscal balance , and promote investment , technological development , and education .
Prospective French presidential candidate Nicolas Sarkozy wants the ECB to promote economic growth , not just price stability .
After the War , it was a prime EU objective to moderate nationalism and promote regionalism in Germany , a feat that was accomplished to the benefit of all Europeans .
Were Thatcherite leaders who would take society by the scruff of the neck and promote change needed , or were passive leaders á la Clinton and Schroeder to be preferred in the hope that weak government would not retard economic growth ?
So liberals should promote dynamic rulers of the sort who ruled in the first Solidarity government .
Second , doing nothing promotes corruption .
Both of them -- the two greatest thinkers that promoted the idea of the free market -- were also moral philosophers .
Arguably , the best legacy Anwar might eventually leave Malaysia would not be what he can achieve for the UMNO and the National Front , but what role he might play in entrenching a contest of ideas into Malaysian politics -- a project he has shown himself keen to promote .
Then , in the 1970s , largely as a result of an environmental scare promoted by Rachel Carson 's book Silent Spring , foreign aid agencies and UN organizations stopped promoting DDT , and its usage declined .
Artificially low domestic interest rates in the late 1980s promoted capital-intensive investment , driving down the rate of return on capital from an average of around 12 % in 1952-1973 to less than 2 % in 1996 .
Recreating a state-led economy based on natural gas will promote rent-seeking and a lethargic form of corporatism .
Although he claims to oppose economic liberalism , he is a product of the political liberties that it promotes and feeds on the benefits generated by the market economy .
Moreover , although Bush has given mainly national security reasons for his seeming change of heart , America 's federal system , helps the country get around even a roadblock as powerful as the president , as `` localism '' promotes eco-political initiatives at the state level and even within municipalities .
Europeans need to recognize that strength lies in unity , and that Europe 's integration can not be guaranteed without a common constitutional framework that promotes a common identity .
Iran 's government maintains a series of special agencies to promote the Islamic revolution by word and deed .
In contrast to international trade and monetary relations , no multilateral regime exists to promote and govern cross-border investment .
Indeed , these governments promote constitutional reforms that seek to authorize perpetual re-election and supposedly new forms of participation that , in fact , hollow out representative democracy from within .
However , three options should be promoted .
Even if policymakers were successful in creating an environment that better rewards investment and thus promotes faster growth , Latin America 's ills would not be solved .
Carbon pricing could be used to finance research and development , and to send a price signal to promote the deployment of effective , affordable technology alternatives .
At the height of tensions , when China found the governments of Lee Teng-hui and Chen Shui-bian intolerable , it never ceased its policy of embracing the Taiwanese people and Taiwanese businessmen . Over time , this created a rich web of economic interdependence , which promotes stability .
Romanian TV answered promptly that it understood that victims of anti-Semitic crimes might feel hurt by such a program , but that the program had not promoted this kind of propaganda , offering the bizarre interview with me the previous week as proof of the channel 's good faith .
Resources are more likely to be generated in rich countries and be acceptable in developing countries if they are provided in ways that promote effective spending .
The events in France also point to the need , at the European level , to reinforce policies against discrimination and that promote social equality .
Many of these overdue reforms have long been promoted by leading football experts , such as the Dutch world-class striker Marco van Basten and the former FIFA referee Markus Merk of Germany .
In principle , deficit countries may not have to go through further recession to promote external adjustment if they can generate sufficient income from exports to service their external debts .
They promote wrestlers to the highest ranks not just on brute merit , but according to how much hinkaku -LRB- dignity -RRB- they are judged to possess .
Sumo evolved over many centuries as a peripatetic form of public entertainment in which the wrestlers , trainers , and promoters depended on local gangs to secure facilities and an audience , including selling the tickets .
Although China 's trade , foreign direct investment -LRB- FDI -RRB- , and aid may broaden Africa 's growth options , they also promote what can only be called a win-lose situation .
When the OAU mandated the Economic Community of West African States -LRB- ECOWAS -RRB- to promote regional economic and monetary union , France and its allies moved quickly to impede it by spearheading the creation of the West African Economic and Monetary Union -LRB- UEMOA -RRB- and the Central African Economic and Monetary Union -LRB- CEMAC -RRB- .
If Africa 's oil wealth is to be exploited - and it will be exploited - - it is in the interest of oil importing countries to promote better government in Africa .
As for sub-Saharan Africa , the `` Washington Consensus '' - economic liberalization , deregulation of capital movements , suppression of subsidies , and privatization - runs against the very policies needed to promote political improvements , a stable macroeconomic environment , enlarged financial markets , and lower debt overhang .
Capital controls and fiscal incentives will keep legitimate private capital at home and promote domestic investment .
The next meeting , later this year , of the China-Africa Cooperation Forum -LRB- CACF -RRB- , established to promote trade and investment , will include 46 African heads of state , along with China 's leaders . In any case , Chinese President Hu Jintao , Vice President Zeng Quinghong , and Prime Minister Wen Jiabao visit the continent regularly .
Hormones associated with stress protect the body and brain in the short run and promote adaptation , but the chronic activity of these same hormones brings about changes in the body that cause allostatic overload , along with its potential follow-on diseases .
Psychosocial stress of this type not only alters cognitive function in lower-ranking animals , but it can also promote disease -LRB- for example , atherosclerosis -RRB- among those vying for the dominant position .
As the European Union prepares to welcome up to twelve new members , debate is heating up among the leading candidate countries about whether or not speedy adoption of the euro will promote or impede rapid catch-up growth .
By contrast , user reports of adverse reactions attempt to describe some human reality , rather than promote images that suit the vested interests involved .
Policy measures that cultivate traditional role patterns should be abolished . Instead , one must promote the economic empowerment of women to help generate economic growth .
Moreover , a `` balance of imbalance '' promoted a sense of equality .
American and European leaders are talking about the need to promote reform in the `` Greater Middle East . ''
It can also promote more democratic practices in peacetime by extending cooperation under a Middle East version of NATO 's Partnership-for-Peace program .
The point of such a post would be to give leadership to efforts to promote democratic change - and to create an effective interlocutor for his\/her American counterpart so that a joint transatlantic strategy will take shape .
To achieve that , the country must promote itself as a motor of serious European reform , without neglecting the debate on the member states ' role in the EU 's economic choices .
To promote democracy and open government might be the ultimate solution , but it stands on a shaky conceptual foundation of untested assumptions about the nature of the world and diverse cultures .
Countries must commit not to withhold exports of key natural resources for political reasons , and to doing all they can to maintain and promote open markets based on principles of reciprocity and long-term sustainability .
Finally , innovation must be promoted as a long-term generator of growth .
The world is not ready for the post-American era , and countries like China and India must play a far greater role in strengthening the existing institutions of world peace and , where appropriate , building new ones that can promote a positive agenda of security , dignity , rights , and prosperity across the globe .
In parallel to their attempts to delay or prevent regulation through assertions of scientific uncertainty , polluters and manufacturers of hazardous products have promoted the `` junk science '' movement , which attempts to influence public opinion by ridiculing scientists whose research threatens powerful interests , irrespective of the quality of that scientist 's research .
In particular , the UN 's involvement in the excessive , unscientific regulation of biotechnology , or genetic modification -LRB- GM -RRB- , will slow agricultural research and development , promote environmental damage , and help to bring famine and water shortages to millions in developing countries .
This effect is probably caused by the lactoferrin , which promotes repair of the diarrhea-damaged cells of the intestinal mucosa .
History suggests that if we were to make these drugs available to poor countries for ring prophylaxis , they would often be administered improperly -- such as in sub-optimal doses -- in a way that would promote viral resistance and only intensify a pandemic .
The OECD itself has drawn attention to Switzerland 's Code of Conduct for Tax Authorities , Taxpayers and Tax Advisers as an example of how to promote what it calls an `` enhanced relationship between taxpayers and revenue bodies . ''
In Iraq , as elsewhere in the Arab and Muslim worlds , a cultural war is being waged between two paradigms : grand narratives that accept and promote a collectivistic understanding -LRB- nationalism , socialism , Islamism -RRB- , versus an implicit paradigm of individualistic modernity that is locally rooted yet informed by the global experience .
In particular , many analyses nowadays promote an ethnic model , reducing Iraq to an artificial construct that rests atop a fragmented `` reality '' of separate communities .
Its new databases will catalogue which policies countries have adopted to promote learning in each part of the education system , in areas ranging from teacher policies to student assessment to school financing mechanisms .
Under Charles de Gaulle , France combined faithfulness to the Western cause in time of crisis with a strong willingness to promote its diplomatic independence and freedom of maneuver .
In 1989 , liberal democracy triumphed over the socialist ideology incarnated and promoted by the Soviet Bloc .
So what can be done to promote an `` Americanization '' of Europe in political terms and a `` Europeanization '' of America in social terms ?
At the same time , we must promote fair and equal treatment of refugees and legal aliens .
In addition , Jews had a religious culture that promoted universal adult literacy -- at least for men -- and a culture that respected book learning .
Its tenets were highly appropriate to the settled , sophisticated agrarian civilizations of pre-nineteenth-century East Asia , for they knitted together society and polity in a manner calculated to promote stability and harmony .
Such a massive effort will be doomed to failure , however , if Afghanistan 's neighbors intervene in ways that promote economic upheaval all over again .
Several currencies have attained some measure of regional convertibility , which should encourage monetary harmonization and promote intraregional trade , as countries ' trade flows shift from partners that require payment in foreign currency .
Southern Africa 's leading economies must therefore make every effort to promote regional integration .
Moreover , the United States has been squandering much of its capacity to promote human rights internationally . In responding to the terrorist attacks on its own soil on September 11 , 2001 , the US has resorted to such measures as prolonged indefinite detention without charges , trials before military commissions lacking due process safeguards , and cruel , inhuman , and degrading treatment of detainees , including torture .
It thus sometimes achieved indirectly what could not be done directly : the leveraging of American influence to promote human rights .
But America 's capacity to promote human rights in other countries has never been weaker than now .
The other major reason that America is losing its effectiveness as a promoter of human rights is a widespread perception of hypocrisy .
In the future , Cameron declared , Muslim groups that do not , for example , endorse women 's rights , defend freedom of expression , or promote integration would lose all government funding .
When it is harnessed to promote growth and human rights , interference should be appreciated , regardless of the regime that is doing it .
Moreover , Putin has never made a mistake about the loyalty of the people he promotes .
Billing itself as a reform government that would promote respect for human rights and the rule of law , the Kibaki government promised Kenyans a new constitution within 100 days of taking office in 2003 .
Many have singled out German Chancellor Angela Merkel for failing to promote a vision of Europe similar to that of her predecessor and mentor , Helmut Kohl .
A movement leader can promote a vision that is miles ahead of his followers , while a prime minister with multiple objectives and responsibilities must maintain a continuous dialogue with the public , which keeps him or her from moving too far ahead of citizens .
Both promoted democracy , but both did so in a manner that generated a backlash against democracy promotion .
But , without a degree of prudence based upon comprehension of the context , visions turn from grand to grandiose and undercut the values that they seek to promote .
There are many strands to an effective long-term strategy to promote conditions for stability and broader political participation in the Arab world . This is America 's declared goal .
Corporations , foundations , universities , and other non-profit organizations can promote much of the work of developing an open civil society . Companies and foundations can offer technology to help modernize Arab educational systems and take them beyond rote learning .
But , in the longer term , the slow , steady progress of democratization can provide a sense of hope for moderates , creating a plausible vision of a better future -- the essence of soft power -- that undercuts the message of hate and violence promoted by the extremists .
All three candidates support Chirac 's opposition to the Iraq War , will protect French agriculture in global trade negotiations , and will promote French leadership in Europe .
Those who promote the idea of an American empire also misunderstand the underlying nature of American public opinion and institutions .
In other words , to prevent dangerous climate change and promote their own security , the US and other rich countries may have to forge a partnership with China , India , and others to develop creative ideas , technologies , and policies .
It makes little sense to declare war on a tactic , and experience has proven that the terminology merely reinforces the narrative that bin Laden seeks to promote , which is why Britain now avoids the phrase .
America should similarly promote an open international economy and commons -LRB- seas , space , Internet -RRB- , mediate international disputes before they escalate , and develop international rules and institutions .
Bureaucratic entrepreneurs , on the other hand , take advantage of such opportunities to adjust and promote policies .
Or , to take a contemporary example , the British entrepreneur Richard Branson overcame dyslexia and poor academic performance by using events and public stunts to promote his Virgin brands .
Great powers try to use culture and narrative to create soft power that promotes their advantage , but they do not always understand how to do it . Critics in the United States complain that the over-militarization of foreign policy undercuts its credibility .
But , as America 's savings rate begins to rise , China 's export-led growth model , which has promoted employment in China at the cost of global trade imbalances , may no longer be possible .
This autumn , he promoted his hitherto little-seen son , Kim Jong-un , to the rank of general , and introduced him at a Communist Party conference .
In January 2001 , Bo Xhi Lai , then mayor of Dalian , was promoted to governor of Liaoning province .
With Serbia at the helm , the Council , which aims to promote human rights and the rule of law , is now overseen by a state that thumbs its nose at the Genocide Convention and harbors an indicted war crimes suspect , former Bosnian Serb army chief Ratko Mladic .
Advocates of rapid euroization argue that it will promote and lock in fiscal , financial , and labor market reforms while expanding trade and boosting income .
Pensions are mentioned only under financial-sector development : the ADB is to promote private-led insurance , despite evidence from the United Nations , International Labor Organization , World Bank and NGOs showing that private pensions do not reach the poor .
By designing educational and social protection policies that strengthen the individual , Scandinavian politicians have sought to promote change rather than prevent it .
Neglecting the risks and exaggerating the benefits of the euro in order to promote short-term support for it inevitably became self-destructive .
At the same time , we need to promote the progress of other regimes in the region toward inclusive democracy .
However , over time these ultra-low interest rates have promoted a highly speculative financial `` carry '' trade : speculators borrow yen at low interest rates and then buy dollars and other currencies that are invested in higher-yield assets elsewhere .
In effect , the new cycle locks the Fed into an unstable stance whereby it must prevent asset price declines to avert recession , yet must also promote asset bubbles to sustain expansions .
Economic policy has also contributed to their current condition as trade agreements and an over-valued dollar promoted auto imports , and incoherent energy and environmental policy stifled innovation .
It was part of a regional vision to promote stability from the Balkans to the Middle East .
This includes action to preserve arms-control regimes , including the Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe ; to accelerate the resolution of protracted conflicts ; to promote human rights and fundamental freedoms ; and to assess and address traditional and new threats .
Systemic risk raises doubts about the solvency of over-indebted countries , which means that these countries ' efforts to consolidate their fiscal position and promote reform do not lead to improvement in financial conditions , which is essential for overcoming the crisis and promoting recovery .
In Latin American affairs , it balks at the Free Trade Area of the Americas -LRB- FTAA -RRB- and generally wants relations with the US that allow it to promote their local initiatives .
Elsewhere in the region capitalism , promoted by the opening of markets , triggered growth and promoted stability .
Since then , Blair has become an adviser to banks -LRB- which need all the advice they can get these days -RRB- , is touring the world to promote a sensible policy on global warming and climate change , has created a foundation to help bridge the divide between different faiths , and will lecture on religion at Yale .
But what we should want to promote is the right sort of growth -- growth that wo n't ravage our future prospects .
This promoted and consolidated regime change without the use of weapons , thereby stabilizing the European continent .
Indeed , they confront a double challenge : to create dynamic economies and to promote , at the same time , economic and social inclusion .
A flexible labor market , as many suggest , will not in itself promote inclusion .
This type of aid would also provide political support for the authorities from a population grateful for policies that promote job creation .
This can and must change , but it requires a grassroots movement that uses blogs , online magazines and newspapers , book clubs and meet-up clubs , and anything else that might work to promote educational opportunities to develop critical-thinking skills .
After World War II , the US launched the first `` law and development movement '' to promote growth and slow communism 's spread .
The IMF endorsed legal standards and codes of best practice developed by other institutions , but also promotes the development of new standards , including accounting and auditing standards , securities market regulations , bankruptcy law , codes for corporate governance , insurance and banking regulations .
All this changed when Thailand promulgated a constitution in 1997 that promoted political transparency and accountability and government stability and effectiveness .
Similarly , the World Bank 's Disease Control Priorities Report tells us that a program to treat tuberculosis in the developing world , promoted by the Stop TB Partnership , gives people an extra year of life at a cost ranging from $ 5 to $ 50 .
I do n't resent the ease with which basic science faculty are promoted ; after all , I am sure that I also enjoyed the perks that come with this designation .
Unfortunately , one of the unwritten laws of academia -- unquestioned by the committee on which I serve -- is that a candidate who does not seek and grasp the holy grail of `` independence '' is not qualified to be promoted .
But , while there is much to celebrate , questions remain about whether the IAEA can increase its capacity both to combat proliferation and promote nuclear power plant safety .
It educated nuclear operators , generated safety and protection standards , promoted the benefits of the atom for industry , agriculture , and medicine , and much more .
Their objective was to create a military buffer between the PLO and Israeli forces that were then fighting in Beirut in order to promote the departure of both .
They were brutally suppressed , but the sanctions nonetheless provoked an internal battle within Qadaffi 's coterie that pitted hard liners committed to the anti-Western crusade against pragmatists who promoted integration into the global economy .
Confronting continued , albeit fraying sanctions , Qadaffi threw his weight behind the pragmatists , turning the Lockerbie bombers over to face trial , renouncing the terrorism that he had promoted , and expelling the foreign terrorists who made Libya their home . In 1999 , the Security Council responded by suspending sanctions .
It suggests that seriously challenging the nuclear venture will come not from more timid sanctions now , but from measures that encourage the pragmatists who populate the fractious Iranian government to promote normalization .
But America 's inability after the Great War to overcome Old World politics at Versailles and isolationism at home marked a failed opportunity to promote a positive watershed .
This is necessary in order to develop our internal market and economies , create new jobs , promote sustainable growth , and strengthen our competitiveness .
Finally , the reform sets out clearly for the first time what is expected of surveillance , and so should promote candor and evenhanded treatment of every country .
Under the IMF Articles of Agreement , members are required to collaborate to promote a stable system of exchange rates and to avoid manipulation with a view to gaining an unfair trade advantage .
Soon after World War II , physicists at the University of Chicago started a journal called the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists to promote arms control .
This promoted inequality , and led to the under-regulated financial system 's seizure of power over the entire economy , destabilizing the real economy by fatally weakening its capacity to react to external shocks .
Two kinds of institutions in particular need shoring up : conflict management institutions to enhance economies ' resilience to external shocks , and institutions that promote productive diversification .
Unfortunately , the type of institutional reform promoted by , among others , the World Bank , IMF , and the World Trade Organization is biased toward a best-practice model , which presumes that a set of universally appropriate institutional arrangements can be determined and views convergence towards them as being inherently desirable .
But the myth of a `` development '' round , promoted by trade officials and economists who espouse the `` bicycle theory '' of trade negotiations -- the view that the trade regime can remain upright only with continuous progress in liberalization -- backfired , because the US and key developing countries found it difficult to liberalize their farm sectors .
The key point is that developing countries that are concerned about the competitiveness of their modern sectors can afford to allow their currencies to appreciate -LRB- in real terms -RRB- as long as they have access to alternative policies that promote industrial activities more directly .
Mercantilists believed in an active economic role for the state -- to promote exports , discourage finished imports , and establish trade monopolies that would enrich business and the crown alike .
All aggressively promoted investment and exports while discouraging -LRB- or remaining agnostic about -RRB- imports .
It was supposed to have promoted risk-sharing globally .
It could promote its industries through high tariffs , explicit subsidies , domestic content requirements on foreign firms , investment incentives , and many other forms of industrial policy .
If China were allowed a free hand with industrial policies , it could promote manufactures directly while allowing the renminbi to appreciate .
The Return of Industrial Policy CAMBRIDGE -- British Prime Minister Gordon Brown promotes it as a vehicle for creating high-skill jobs .
Economists enamored of the neo-liberal Washington Consensus may have written it off , but successful economies have always relied on government policies that promote growth by accelerating structural transformation .
In most Latin American countries , structural change has served to reduce rather than promote economic growth .
Competitive currencies promote and protect modern tradable industries that employ a substantial share of the labor force .
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdo?an promotes the trials as evidence of Turkey 's new turn towards democracy and the rule of law . They are also actively supported by news media belonging to the so-called Gülen group -- a powerful ally of Erdo?an 's government made up of followers of the Muslim cleric Fethullah Gülen .
In this stripped-down example , AIG , Bear Stearns , and BofA -- as well as their attorneys , lobbyists , and supportive policymakers -- promote the clearinghouse on the grounds that it reduces risk for its participants .
Ironically , bad memories of the IMF 's first , premature attempt to promote long-term capital market liberalization remain an obstacle today .
If the G-8 leaders are serious about helping poor countries , finding a reliable way to support grant aid and promote accountability for donors and recipients , not debt relief , is the place to start .
European banks remain balkanized , with a patchwork of national regulators seeking to promote their own champions .
Instead of promoting dollar pegs , as Paulson is , the US should be supporting the International Monetary Fund 's behind-the-scenes efforts to promote de-linking of oil currencies and the dollar .
But oil countries do account for a large share of the world 's trade surpluses , and a weaker dollar would help promote US exports to some degree , even in the short run .
Perhaps the administration worries that it can not simultaneously beg for lower dollar oil prices and help promote a weaker dollar .
Even with the prevalence of dollar indexation across the region , exchange-rate appreciation would still help promote cheaper imports and higher living standards .
Perhaps the most important positive effect of exchange-rate appreciation would be to help promote the development of domestically-oriented industries such as health care , education , and banking , thereby alleviating some of the region 's mass underemployment .
Efficient financial systems are supposed to promote growth in the real economy , not impose a huge tax burden .
Unfortunately , China 's local officials need to excel in the country 's `` growth tournament '' to get promoted .
To resist these powerful pressures , fiscal councils will need to have their work audited periodically by international agencies such as the International Monetary Fund , both to protect their independence and to promote accountability .
Visiting Moscow that month , our NATO expert group sought to promote a re-thinking of mutual perceptions .
Thus , only strong action by Lebanese groups could destroy Hezbollah . But they wo n't act because they fear civil war and opportunistically use Hezbollah to promote their own goals or ambitions .
This contact group could promote dialogue between India and Pakistan about their respective interests in Afghanistan and about finding a solution to the Kashmir dispute ; seek a long-term political strategy from the Pakistani government for the future of the tribal agencies ; move Afghanistan and Pakistan toward discussions on frontier issues , and promote a regional plan for economic development and integration .
Second , and simultaneously , donors should help impoverished countries to invest in roads , ports , rural electricity , and diversified production -LRB- both agricultural and non-agricultural -RRB- , in order to promote higher productivity and alternative livelihoods in the longer term .
The overwhelming standard for supplying official development assistance should therefore be whether official assistance actually promotes economic development .
Rising educational attainment is helping to promote more technologically sophisticated exports as well .
We ca n't depend on our political leaders to do what is needed , because many of them are captives or promoters of extremist views .
The UNEP report , and experiences elsewhere in Africa , suggests how to promote economic development in Darfur .
Social services , including health care and disease control , education , and adult literacy programs should also be promoted .
We are less accustomed to thinking of global cooperation to promote new technologies , such as clean energy , a malaria vaccine , or drought-resistant crops to help poor African farmers .
Moreover , public policies will have to promote the testing and improvement of this technology , especially when used at a large scale .
We will need to give new budgetary incentives to promote demonstration projects , and to support technology transfer .
Spain created a new MDG Fund at the United Nations to promote the cooperation needed within the UN to address the various challenges of the MDGs .
Higher investment and social spending in poor countries will stimulate the entire world economy , spur economic development , and promote environmental sustainability through investments in renewable energy , efficient water use , and sustainable agriculture .
On the one hand , the US government must invest more to promote economic competitiveness .
We assembled in the wake of a declaration in July by the United Nations General Assembly calling on countries to examine how national policies can promote happiness in their societies .
Fifth , to promote happiness , we must identify the many factors other than GNP that can raise or lower society 's well-being .
To be sure , we should support economic growth and development , but only in a broader context : one that promotes environmental sustainability and the values of compassion and honesty that are required for social trust .
Governments should promote high-quality education , to ensure that young people are prepared to face global competition .
The Bush administration promoted the premises of the Iraq war -- Saddam Hussein 's non-existent weapons of mass destruction -- in the familiar colorful , fast-paced , and graphics-heavy style of television advertising .
The reform prescriptions it followed helped end inflation but ignored the need for government to promote a knowledge-based economy .
President Bush has opened a world discussion on ways to promote prosperity for all .
It is time for the rich to promote real economic development through foreign assistance at levels commensurate with the needs of the poor and through open markets that allow the poor to export their way to greater prosperity .
High ethical standards promote better economic performance .
The rich world can redeem itself , indeed promote its interests in global peace and prosperity , by proving that the Millennium Development Goals are not empty words .
America is certainly not alone in failing to promote the international goals adopted in the UN .
Lula is traveling widely to promote Brazilian exports , another sure sign that Brazil 's political economic orientation has become far more international .
Finally , different clans around the president have long been trying to promote their own candidates for succession .
The financial crisis and recession may dampen the rise of FDI protectionism , as countries seek capital to shore up local firms and increase investment to help them promote economic recovery .
It sees competition as the most effective means to promote economic growth , but also embraces state interference , when necessary , to secure equality of opportunity , social solidarity , and social balance .
Indeed , only an ongoing skepticism of fashionable political nostrums - both of the statist and market fundamentalist variety - can promote pluralism and tolerance , and avoid a ballooning of the bureaucracy that enfeebles our economy .
Finally , the EU needs to promote social cohesion while adapting Europe 's social model to globalization 's challenges .
Indeed , without returning to the illusion of economic planning , these countries need to be able to set conditions for foreign investors that aim to maximize the local impact on employment , technological diffusion , strategic partnerships , and so forth . At the same time , developing countries may need to promote local private sectors and `` infant industries '' through temporary protectionist measures , which would help them to upgrade their output on the road to liberalization .
It is hypocritical to promote democracy and then sign a trade agreement that denies workers the basic democratic right to organize and join unions .
So , in my view , true democracy is the only alternative , because it is realistic and promotes peace .
He ordered the Education Ministry to revise school textbooks to promote the idea that the Taiwanese people were fundamentally different , practically a different race from the Chinese .
Outside Europe , the ESDP acts to enhance governance rather than promote regime change , and the EU has often assisted governments ' efforts to improve security conditions .
In 1999 , we co-founded a firm , Macro Securities Research , LLC , to promote the development of such institutions , working with the American Stock Exchange to create securities that would allow people to manage real estate as well as other risks .
If not made mandatory , insurance must at least be promoted effectively .
To the extent that governments are involved , they can promote better risk management through responsive regulation and even subsidization of experiments with new private insurance products .
The idea that stocks will perform well in the future has many promoters today , especially among those trying to sell investments in stocks .
Syroka and her colleagues are striving to promote the use of modern financial technology to make sure that aid arrives in time -- and in sufficient volume -- to avert such outcomes .
With this relatively higher trust , China 's government and enterprises are better able to enact and implement strict policies that promote saving and growth .
The kinds of things that advertisers and salesmen typically promote were relatively unimportant .
But if government programs designed to promote saving by low-income people do n't tie up their money for many years until retirement , they will often succumb to temptation and spend the money frivolously .
Government can promote the democratization of such institutions so that they protect people from the very risks that they are worrying most about .
So how , beyond mere rhetoric , can governments promote creativity ?
The expanding scope of patents increases their value as a tool to promote creativity .
In 1993 , the American Stock Exchange -LRB- AMEX -RRB- expended considerable resources to develop and promote its new concept of an exchange-traded fund -LRB- ETF -RRB- , with its first embodiment as Standard & Poor 's Depository Receipts -LRB- SPDR 's -RRB- .
Patents work well to promote creativity when innovation involves high costs for the innovator and low adoption costs for everyone else .
Including such statements in the disclosure is analogous to the requirement that food labels contain a full list of nutritional factors per serving , rather than merely a featured list that the producer might try to add in order to promote the product .
That is `` six times the amount the US government spent to promote rule of law , democratic governance , and respect for fundamental human rights . '' The report concludes that `` the US military has acquired an oversized impact on US foreign policy in Central Asia . ''
Regional institutions can entrench themselves only if their members promote adherence to the spirit and letter of their legal frameworks .
Others promote the area 's economy , by encouraging industry to move to the area , thus increasing jobs and the local tax base .
If that is true for encouraging healthy diets and discouraging smoking , it is no less true for lifestyle choices that promote greater mental health .
In October , James Watson , who shared the 1962 Nobel Prize for his description of the structure of DNA , was in London to promote his memoir , Avoid Boring People and Other Lessons From a Life in Science .
The resolution , which the full parliament is expected to adopt , directs the Spanish government to promote a similar European Union-wide declaration .
But the question of which of these ways of understanding happiness best captures what we should promote raises fundamental questions of value .
Hence , as he put it in 1932 , there may be `` no escape from prolonged and perhaps interminable depression except by direct state intervention to promote and subsidize new investment '' -- which is what the Obama administration is rightly doing .
The alternative regulatory approach , promoted by Nobel Laureate Paul Krugman and the chairman of Britain 's Financial Service Authority , Adair Turner , seeks to use regulation to limit risk-taking without changing the structure of the banking system .
Moral criticisms of the market focus on its tendency to favor a morally deficient character type , to privilege disagreeable motives , and to promote undesirable outcomes .
Reserve accumulation was also a by-product of China 's deliberate currency undervaluation to promote export-led growth strategy .
Some emerging economies did not let their currencies float but , instead , continued to peg them at undervalued exchange rates in order to promote their exports and build up reserves as a form of insurance in case of crisis .
Of course , there is no `` one size fits all '' model for intervention , but that does not justify evading our `` responsibility to protect '' -- a fine concept promoted by former UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan and adopted by all UN member states in 2005 .
Additionally , there have been attempts to create new posts , develop labor-intensive industries and small and medium sized firms , promote the private sector , and encourage service jobs , plus offering occupational training : the government allocated an additional 4.7 billion yuan expressly for job creation in 2004 .
More strikingly , stagnation has found its promoters in Japan itself .
According to the European security document adopted in 2003 , `` It is in the interest of the European Union to promote a ring of well-governed countries on its borders with whom it can enjoy close and cooperative relations . ''
The EU must promote democratic development in neighboring countries without expecting or demanding reciprocal concessions .
They do on a small scale what the Wider European Initiative ought to do on a large scale : promote democratic development by supporting civil society while working with governments when possible .
The other source is universal , leading to an open society guided by universal human rights that protects and promotes the freedom of the individual .
Policies and programs to promote inclusion in employment , education , health care , and housing must be implemented at the local and national levels .
Such regulatory reform is now under consideration by the European Commission , and French support is imperative if the EU is to announce this month the necessary legislative moves to promote transparency .
The language of justice and injustice , and demands of unconditional surrender and criminal retribution for the vanquished only promote -- indeed , provoke -- total war .
The government aspired to play a constructive role across Africa , act as a spokesman for Third-World interests at the UN and elsewhere , and promote an end to the plethora of conflicts bedeviling the continent .
NEPAD , the New Partnership for Africa 's Development , an organization designed to promote decent and appropriate standards of economic and political development throughout the continent , has been at the core of this policy .
Absent coordination , there is also a risk that monetary policies designed to promote growth -LRB- or at least not impede it -RRB- will lead to a return of financial-sector distortions and imbalances .
They know that Fahim used the Loya Jirga to promote Karzai , a Pashtun , because he was malleable and without independent forces of his own .
The history of European integration suggests that regional cooperation , give and take , the pursuit of shared goals , and even in some areas the transfer of sovereignty are the best ways to overcome tensions and promote peaceful problem-solving .
Global values are a cause that Europe intends to promote worldwide .
The peg did lower inflation ; but it did not promote sustained growth .
There is also a deeper point in this contrast : our societies tolerate inequalities because they are viewed to be socially useful ; it is the price we pay for having incentives that motivate people to act in ways that promote societal well-being .
A new institutional arrangement might entail the creation of a set of trust funds - say , for education or health , or the environment - with competition among countries for projects helping to promote these objectives .
It would increase efficiency , promote growth , improve the environment , and benefit workers and the middle class .
Sometimes there are policies that can promote both growth and equality , and the job of good economists is to search for them .
America 's central bank , the Federal Reserve , is mandated not only to ensure price stability , but also to promote growth and full employment .
They worry that efforts to promote domestic industries or provide preferential treatment to disadvantaged groups -LRB- the kind of affirmative action programs that have been so important , both in developed and less developed countries -RRB- will be labeled `` unfair '' to foreign firms , and thus be prohibited .
Some new trade and investment agreements under discussion propose to go further , allowing domestic laws , whatever their merits , to be set aside in order to promote international flows of goods and services .
The size of the tax cuts that it did promote was so large , however , that it provided some stimulus anyway .
It aspired to promote trade as a vehicle of partnership between developed and developing countries .
Perhaps Wolfensohn 's most important contribution was to clarify the Bank 's mission -- to promote growth and eradicate poverty in the developing world -- while recognizing the massive scale of that task and the inadequacy of previous approaches .
Gradually the Bank came to be perceived , at least in many quarters , as a partner in the joint quest for growth and poverty reduction , not an adversary attempting to promote a Western economic agenda or ideology .
Led by Papua New Guinea and Costa Rica , a group of developing countries , a new rainforest coalition has now come forward with an innovative proposal , not only offering to commit to greenhouse-gas limits , but also showing how this can be done in a way that will promote their development .
The inevitable result has been the IMF 's inability to manage crises , incomprehension of the needs of transition economies , and a failure to promote development .
But there continues to be an enormous need for imported goods -- medicines to promote health , technology to reduce the knowledge gap between the developing countries and the rest of the world , and machines to enhance productivity .
Equally important , historically much foreign aid was provided not to promote development , but to purchase friendship , especially during the Cold War .
The money worked as intended -- not to promote development , but to keep Zaire on the side of the West .
This would be a major step forward in trying to create a fair trade regime that promotes development .
But he has also striven to understand what makes capitalist economies dynamic , what lies behind the entrepreneurial spirit , and what we can do to promote it further .
The second lesson is that in a highly integrated world , there is a need for a credible international financial institution to design the rules of the road in ways that enhance global stability and promote economic growth in developing countries .
In the early 1980 's , they fell under the spell of monetarism , a simplistic economic theory promoted by Milton Friedman .
Decent work - -- promoted by the International Labor Organization since 1999 -- means productive , rewarding , and secure jobs that provide safe working conditions , fair income , and social protection for the employed and their families .
Since the 1980 's , governments have been pressed to promote exports to earn foreign exchange and import food .
Governments need to play a developmental role , with implementation of integrated policies designed to support inclusive output and employment growth , as well as to reduce inequality and promote social justice .
Structural transformations should promote full and productive employment as well as decent work , while governments should have enough policy and fiscal space to enable them to play a proactive role and to provide adequate universal social protection .
By using this moment strategically and wisely , the EU would have a chance to reframe its relationship with the southern Mediterranean -LRB- as it is being redubbed -RRB- to promote generational development and growth in ways that can address Europe 's interests , too .
The key regional obstacle to recognition is Saudi Arabia , which not only objects to the secular , democratic model promoted by Somaliland , but is a strong ally of Somalia , which is a member of the Arab League -LRB- despite not being Arab -RRB- and the Organization of the Islamic Conference .
Even on the meaning of human rights there was no universal agreement , with some states regarding them as a tool of Western neo-imperialism . Today , by contrast , the UN does more than any other single organization to promote and strengthen democratic institutions and practices around the world .
As a pluralist society with a free and thriving mass media , creative energies that express themselves in a variety of appealing ways , and a democratic system that promotes and protects diversity , India has an extraordinary ability to tell stories that are more persuasive and attractive than those of its rivals .
The best way to initiate a dialogue is to disregard clichés and generalities , and instead to promote gatherings between human beings .
The recently established `` Group of Friends '' -LRB- Argentina , Brazil , and Colombia -RRB- is trying to promote confidence-building and conflict-prevention measures .
Their electoral platform -- which also promotes a sense of generational change -- is centered on their rejection of illegality and corruption , two issues that galvanize broad popular support .
Agreements with the CIS ruling elites will become the main instrument for implementing `` Operation CIS . '' This will require painstaking efforts to promote pro-Russian groups and gradually weaken and neutralize pro-Western circles .
During the 2008-2009 global crisis , Moscow began to strengthen its regional economic standing and promote the establishment of the customs union with Belarus and Kazakhstan , even at the risk of complicating its own bid for membership in the World Trade Organization .
There is now widespread talk of a `` Bretton Woods II '' that would restructure global finance , promote sustainability , and offer developing countries `` aid for trade . ''
But , to be effective , any new deal to promote trade must involve more than a new set of international institutions .
These firms have no interest in developing modern institutions that protect private property and promote the rule of law .
This will require an explicit emphasis on ensuring the conditions that promote and sustain creativity , and the updated Lisbon Strategy that is to be launched in March should include a commitment that Europe will move in this direction .
To promote the truth , we are told that old crimes - even the beheading of a journalist and the poisoning of our president - must not be closely examined .
So a prime objective of the European Union is to promote stability and security through a dynamic structure of economic and political inter-dependence in which all nations have a vested interest .
European competition policy , which successfully brought giant companies like Microsoft into line to promote competition , could help to turn Gazprom into a normal competitor , too .
The `` political '' argument - that regional trade bodies promote peaceful foreign relations - is simply wrongheaded in the post-Soviet case .
But this supposed free-trade zone seems more like a recipe to enrich oligarchs and stifle competition , not promote trade .
Aung San Suu Kyi 's eloquent plea , `` Please use your liberty to promote ours , '' has special resonance for us in AIPMC , who enjoy the benefits of representative democracy .
Chile promoted the addition of iron to milk , resulting in a 66 % reduction of anemia amongst babies .
But the Blueprints scenario will be realized only if policymakers agree on a global approach to emissions trading and actively promote energy efficiency and new technology in four sectors : heat and power generation , industry , transport , and buildings .
Eichel 's commitment to balancing the budget is certainly important , but balancing the budget is no substitute for a medium and long-term strategic perspective for fiscal policy that promotes sustainable growth and recognizes the need to invest in Germany 's ailing education system .
These appalling conditions result from North Korea 's bizarre form of socialism known as `` juche . '' Invented by Kim Jong Il 's father , North Korea 's current leader has continued to promote `` juche '' in almost 900 books and articles .
But governments in developing countries are often accustomed to controlling all aspects of their economies and tend not to want regulators to promote competition .
It is irrelevant whether Internet regulations that fail to promote competition and protect consumers are passed by governments afraid of freely flowing information or , as in the case of the jailed entrepreneur , in order to protect established companies .
To promote the sale of household electrical appliances in rural areas , the government has begun providing a 13 % price subsidy , not only benefiting rural consumption , but also boosting the growth of major industrial enterprises .
Both began their careers as Malay nationalists who sought to promote the rights of the Malay majority after the British left .
Given the stakes , continuing to rely on proven approaches , even while trying to promote a world with fewer and safer nuclear weapons , is a judicious strategy .
A variety of approaches has been used , from conducting `` walks of shame '' to open-defecation areas to establishing children 's brigades to promote the ban .
Such systems co-opt representatives of various social and political groupings and promote potential successors from within the presidential circle .
Since the mid-1990s , China 's government has promoted the rapid growth of the internet for its economic benefits . But it has also been developing a sophisticated political and technological system to control online information .
The two men met , seemingly as equals , not to express the common values of conservatism , but to confirm and promote their authority to uphold traditional values .
But the supposed cure -- more knowledge of Wahhabism -- proved only to promote the disease : the men who created Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula were graduates of the Saudis ' rehabilitation program .
It needs to promote production and trade , expand agribusiness and agro-industries , and create wealth and new jobs .
This crisis could help formulate a new approach : increase access to reliable , affordable and renewable energy services for sustainable development , promote energy efficiency to make sure economic growth does not raise energy demand and environmental degradation , including climate change .
On a continent where mineral wealth too often has become a curse , Botswana , under the leadership of President Festus Gontebanye Mogae , has demonstrated how natural resources can promote sustainable development and good governance .
In the space of just three weeks , she visited 96 villages to promote chicken-raising .
As a result , credit controls on investment projects and a close watch on the money supply have been used to promote macroeconomic stability since China began its market reforms .
