The `` story '' promoted by the pro-aid movement is simple and appealing .
Instead of being forced to resign after Rwanda and Srebrenica , he was promoted to Secretary-General .
As an alternative , he promoted a rival `` Turkish Orthodox Patriarchate , '' which became a bastion of ultra-nationalist ideology .
Indeed , the rules have changed , and Israel can not say that it was not warned that this is an era in which international law and universal justice are being forcefully promoted as pillars of an improved world order .
People who claim to be happy tend to live longer , commit suicide and abuse drugs and alcohol less often , get promoted more frequently by their employers , and enjoy more good friends and lasting marriages .
The new round of industrial policy is occurring in advanced economies such as the United States and the United Kingdom , which long resisted its worst excesses , France , which long promoted national `` champions '' , and emerging economies such as Brazil and China .
The notion of `` Asian values , '' promoted mostly by Singaporean official scribes , was partly a critique of universalist Western claims .
This is what happened when Bush and Cheney took up the ideas promoted by the neo-cons .
Even if , by some miracle , Iraq were to evolve into a stable , harmonious , liberal democratic state , the price already paid in -LRB- mostly Iraqi -RRB- blood and -LRB- mostly American -RRB- treasure is already too high to justify the kind of revolutionary military intervention promoted by the neo-cons .
The personal charm of the Dalai Lama , combined with the Himalayan air of superior spiritual wisdom , has promoted a caricature of a mystical , wise , and peace-loving people being crushed by a brutal empire .
In the United States , it was Democrats , such as John F. Kennedy , who promoted freedom around the world .
To attribute the Swiss vote to ban minarets -- an idea that was promoted by the right-wing Swiss People 's Party , but by none of the other political parties -- to `` Islamophobia '' is perhaps to miss the point .
This is a common form of populist paranoia , promoted in the US by radio talk-show hosts and Fox television , and in Europe by men like Wilders .
And nationalism in China , promoted through schools , mass media , and `` patriotic '' monuments and museums , means one thing : only the firm rule of the CCP will prevent foreigners , especially Westerners and the Japanese , from humiliating Chinese ever again .
The French public intellectual Bernard-Henri Lévy , who had promoted the Libyan revolution with a strong dose of narcissistic showmanship , wrote that the lynching of Qaddafi `` polluted the essential morality '' of the people 's rebellion .
The West violated that agreement in 1999 in Kosovo : NATO powers first attacked Kosovo and Belgrade , in breach of the UN Charter -LRB- although they were morally justified to do so , because there was a need to stop the serious atrocities underway -RRB- ; the West then promoted and blessed Kosovo 's secession .
Finally , because it is mostly civilians that have suffered and are still suffering in Georgia , it is imperative for the world community to promote a lasting solution , as is stipulated in the agreement promoted by French President Nicolas Sarkozy .
Since the 1980 's , an increasing proportion of new cadres have university degrees , and cadres are promoted partly on the basis of examinations .
So far as separateness is concerned , it should not be explicitly promoted unless a fence seems to be the only hope of peace .
Surveys promoted by financial firms tend to show that trust in them has not diminished much , and that people continue to trust them even more than they do the National Health Service or the BBC .
Surveys promoted by the BBC tend to show the reverse .
In the United States , there is now a more systematic , independent survey promoted by economists at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business .
For this reason , FDI has to be promoted separately from domestic investment and exports .
While liberalization was promoted in the late 1980 's and embraced during the 1990 's , food markets in the developed world remained highly protected , with Latin American countries suffering the consequences .
It is now mainstream -- a fitting subject for even die-hard realists to consider and no longer a cause promoted by peace groups alone .
China represents a strong ideological challenge for the region , particularly for the status quo of economic policy promoted by the majority of multilateral institutions since the 1980 's .
Enterprise managers promoted from the shop floor were , it is said , second rate .
The euro was promoted as necessary for free trade among the member countries under the slogan `` One Market , One Money . ''
Indeed , Tunisia is a stern test of the EU 's `` Mediterranean partnership '' -- a long-promoted policy that so far consists of little more than empty phrases .
The Council of Europe , which for 60 years has promoted European integration through human rights and culture , includes Neuchatel among 10 `` intercultural '' cities that it is studying for `` best practice '' policies and governance in multicultural societies .
Former spies now sit atop the commanding heights of Russia 's energy-centric economy , but their role is not all that different from what it was in Soviet days . Back then , the USSR promoted its interests through satellite states and military power .
Both of them -- the two greatest thinkers that promoted the idea of the free market -- were also moral philosophers .
Then , in the 1970s , largely as a result of an environmental scare promoted by Rachel Carson 's book Silent Spring , foreign aid agencies and UN organizations stopped promoting DDT , and its usage declined .
Artificially low domestic interest rates in the late 1980s promoted capital-intensive investment , driving down the rate of return on capital from an average of around 12 % in 1952-1973 to less than 2 % in 1996 .
However , three options should be promoted .
Romanian TV answered promptly that it understood that victims of anti-Semitic crimes might feel hurt by such a program , but that the program had not promoted this kind of propaganda , offering the bizarre interview with me the previous week as proof of the channel 's good faith .
Many of these overdue reforms have long been promoted by leading football experts , such as the Dutch world-class striker Marco van Basten and the former FIFA referee Markus Merk of Germany .
Moreover , a `` balance of imbalance '' promoted a sense of equality .
Finally , innovation must be promoted as a long-term generator of growth .
In parallel to their attempts to delay or prevent regulation through assertions of scientific uncertainty , polluters and manufacturers of hazardous products have promoted the `` junk science '' movement , which attempts to influence public opinion by ridiculing scientists whose research threatens powerful interests , irrespective of the quality of that scientist 's research .
In 1989 , liberal democracy triumphed over the socialist ideology incarnated and promoted by the Soviet Bloc .
In addition , Jews had a religious culture that promoted universal adult literacy -- at least for men -- and a culture that respected book learning .
Both promoted democracy , but both did so in a manner that generated a backlash against democracy promotion .
But , in the longer term , the slow , steady progress of democratization can provide a sense of hope for moderates , creating a plausible vision of a better future -- the essence of soft power -- that undercuts the message of hate and violence promoted by the extremists .
But , as America 's savings rate begins to rise , China 's export-led growth model , which has promoted employment in China at the cost of global trade imbalances , may no longer be possible .
This autumn , he promoted his hitherto little-seen son , Kim Jong-un , to the rank of general , and introduced him at a Communist Party conference .
In January 2001 , Bo Xhi Lai , then mayor of Dalian , was promoted to governor of Liaoning province .
However , over time these ultra-low interest rates have promoted a highly speculative financial `` carry '' trade : speculators borrow yen at low interest rates and then buy dollars and other currencies that are invested in higher-yield assets elsewhere .
Economic policy has also contributed to their current condition as trade agreements and an over-valued dollar promoted auto imports , and incoherent energy and environmental policy stifled innovation .
Elsewhere in the region capitalism , promoted by the opening of markets , triggered growth and promoted stability .
This promoted and consolidated regime change without the use of weapons , thereby stabilizing the European continent .
All this changed when Thailand promulgated a constitution in 1997 that promoted political transparency and accountability and government stability and effectiveness .
Similarly , the World Bank 's Disease Control Priorities Report tells us that a program to treat tuberculosis in the developing world , promoted by the Stop TB Partnership , gives people an extra year of life at a cost ranging from $ 5 to $ 50 .
I do n't resent the ease with which basic science faculty are promoted ; after all , I am sure that I also enjoyed the perks that come with this designation .
Unfortunately , one of the unwritten laws of academia -- unquestioned by the committee on which I serve -- is that a candidate who does not seek and grasp the holy grail of `` independence '' is not qualified to be promoted .
It educated nuclear operators , generated safety and protection standards , promoted the benefits of the atom for industry , agriculture , and medicine , and much more .
They were brutally suppressed , but the sanctions nonetheless provoked an internal battle within Qadaffi 's coterie that pitted hard liners committed to the anti-Western crusade against pragmatists who promoted integration into the global economy .
Confronting continued , albeit fraying sanctions , Qadaffi threw his weight behind the pragmatists , turning the Lockerbie bombers over to face trial , renouncing the terrorism that he had promoted , and expelling the foreign terrorists who made Libya their home . In 1999 , the Security Council responded by suspending sanctions .
This promoted inequality , and led to the under-regulated financial system 's seizure of power over the entire economy , destabilizing the real economy by fatally weakening its capacity to react to external shocks .
Unfortunately , the type of institutional reform promoted by , among others , the World Bank , IMF , and the World Trade Organization is biased toward a best-practice model , which presumes that a set of universally appropriate institutional arrangements can be determined and views convergence towards them as being inherently desirable .
But the myth of a `` development '' round , promoted by trade officials and economists who espouse the `` bicycle theory '' of trade negotiations -- the view that the trade regime can remain upright only with continuous progress in liberalization -- backfired , because the US and key developing countries found it difficult to liberalize their farm sectors .
All aggressively promoted investment and exports while discouraging -LRB- or remaining agnostic about -RRB- imports .
It was supposed to have promoted risk-sharing globally .
Unfortunately , China 's local officials need to excel in the country 's `` growth tournament '' to get promoted .
Social services , including health care and disease control , education , and adult literacy programs should also be promoted .
The Bush administration promoted the premises of the Iraq war -- Saddam Hussein 's non-existent weapons of mass destruction -- in the familiar colorful , fast-paced , and graphics-heavy style of television advertising .
If not made mandatory , insurance must at least be promoted effectively .
The alternative regulatory approach , promoted by Nobel Laureate Paul Krugman and the chairman of Britain 's Financial Service Authority , Adair Turner , seeks to use regulation to limit risk-taking without changing the structure of the banking system .
Of course , there is no `` one size fits all '' model for intervention , but that does not justify evading our `` responsibility to protect '' -- a fine concept promoted by former UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan and adopted by all UN member states in 2005 .
In the early 1980 's , they fell under the spell of monetarism , a simplistic economic theory promoted by Milton Friedman .
Decent work - -- promoted by the International Labor Organization since 1999 -- means productive , rewarding , and secure jobs that provide safe working conditions , fair income , and social protection for the employed and their families .
The key regional obstacle to recognition is Saudi Arabia , which not only objects to the secular , democratic model promoted by Somaliland , but is a strong ally of Somalia , which is a member of the Arab League -LRB- despite not being Arab -RRB- and the Organization of the Islamic Conference .
Chile promoted the addition of iron to milk , resulting in a 66 % reduction of anemia amongst babies .
Since the mid-1990s , China 's government has promoted the rapid growth of the internet for its economic benefits . But it has also been developing a sophisticated political and technological system to control online information .
