Through its web and print publications , it also routinely challenged the teachings of the Sufi mystics who originally brought Islam to South Asia by promoting pluralism and love for humanity .
The Union needs to play a more active role in the wider world , not in pursuit of selfish interests , but in promoting the universal values on which it is founded .
China 's success here would not only enhance its own international prestige , but would also contribute immensely to promoting regional stability and prosperity throughout East Asia .
But if political leaders and policymakers want lower oil prices , they should be promoting policies that strengthen the dollar .
In their rivalry for leadership in promoting Asian regional cooperation , meanwhile , China has taken an early lead .
Putin has turned his back on the World Trade Organization and is promoting protectionism , which will also harm growth .
If countries in the region embrace the idea , a network of current EU and NATO members could step forward with projects and assistance aimed at promoting a Black Sea identity and community .
Their policies are about more than spreading terror and revolution ; they are about promoting negotiable interests .
In its quest to counter what it sees as a hostile US strategy of creating American `` Cubas '' on its doorstep , the Kremlin is promoting alliances with Raúl Castro 's Cuba and Hugo Chávez 's Venezuela .
Turkey can be a model for Middle Eastern countries if , while promoting its regional strategic and economic interests , it resists the authoritarian temptation and continues to show that Islam and democracy are fully compatible .
Now a constitutional reform supposedly aimed at `` promoting Turkey 's EU membership '' would further curb the army 's role as the guardian of the secular state and strengthen government control of the judiciary .
Last week , China finally enshrined private property by passing the long-awaited property rights law , in what the government called `` significant progress in promoting rule of law in the country . ''
Indeed , a third lesson is that neither hard pegs nor unfettered floating facilitate the preservation of a competitive real exchange rate , which is crucial to promoting and sustaining economic development .
What is needed is a `` World Organization of Democracies , '' devoted to promoting the original values of the UN , including democracy , the rule of law , and respect for human rights .
In essence , while all of Iraq 's factions have a strong interest in promoting a central government that appears fully functional , that government 's powers will in fact be limited .
The new strategy that US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has been promoting to staunch the upward trend of narco-trafficking-related murders -- which leaked Mexican government reports put at more than 22,000 since late 2006 -- is to build `` stronger , more resilient communities . ''
Europe , in particular , can demonstrate its commitment to mitigating climate change and promoting economic development in Africa by filling its 1 % quota of credits from reforestation projects .
But promoting these aims without discussion , let alone criticism , resulted in a backlash .
Reliance on a self-promoting tycoon like Thaksin is not the best way to boost democracy , but nor is reliance on military coups and kingly intervention .
If the US is as serious about promoting freedom abroad as it claims , it should not be hindering one of its closest ally 's efforts to strengthen its democracy .
That 's right , said another Turk within earshot , a fluent English speaker who spent much time in London , worked for NGOs promoting human rights , and was jailed in the 1980 's for opposing the military regime : `` I hate Europe . I 'm not European , and who needs Europe , anyway ? ''
For the moment , it is impossible to ascertain whether the recession will provoke a radicalization of the left in the region , which Chávez seems to be promoting , or induce moderation through resignation -- that is , a postponement of revolutionary goals owing to inauspicious economic conditions .
This is precisely what Italy has been promoting during its current presidency of the G-8 .
The greatest skepticism about an Obama presidency lies among Indian strategic elite , who are focused on promoting India 's economic and political interests in the wider world .
China has shown itself adept at assertively promoting its national interests and playing classical balance-of-power geopolitics .
Worse , while promoting multilateralism on the world stage , China has given the cold shoulder to multilateral cooperation among river-basin states .
Yet Chinese leaders remain more zealous about promoting exports and economic growth than in protecting the country 's air and water .
The Chinese government is promoting social welfare in the countryside , but it must also give more institutional expression to social grievances .
War in these countries is a direct threat to Europe 's interests and stability , so European governments have a direct interest in promoting peace .
The European Central Bank -LRB- ECB -RRB- seems more interested in keeping interest rates high enough to force insolvent firms into bankruptcy than in promoting higher employment .
This includes promoting new drugs lines that can enhance the potency of first-line regimens , thereby shortening treatment duration and preventing the emergence of resistance in the first place . But new drugs are not enough .
America demands that Iraq meet three criteria - promoting regional stability , ending its pursuit of weapons of mass destruction , and ending suppression of its own people - to which Saddam will never assent .
Then on 12 November , the world 's Nobel Peace Laureates will hold a summit in Hiroshima to stress the priority of nuclear disarmament and affirm their commitment to promoting it .
As I passed an ad in the Moscow metro promoting advertising space for sale , I remembered hurtling down one of those same long , fast escalators sometime in the mid-1990 's with a pioneering advertising man .
And , although China is aggressively promoting international use of the renminbi in trade settlements , it has a long way to go before its currency is attractive as a vehicle for foreign investment and holding reserves .
This is the labor that flows in the opposite direction , from west to east , promoting the only economic equality a country can ever achieve -- equality of per capita income , not of GDP .
Herbicide-tolerant plants have decreased herbicide use and encouraged the widespread adoption of no-till farming , markedly reducing topsoil loss and promoting soil fertility .
Europe , as Tunisia 's northern neighbor , will be directly affected either way , and should therefore become seriously involved in terms of promoting democracy and aiding economic progress .
Indeed , by promoting agricultural practices and technologies that are environmentally sustainable and raise rural incomes , these policies also stimulate rural non-farm activities .
Nowadays , however , Britain 's government itself seems to be forgetting the bedrock conditions of this British model by trying to satisfy the desire of particular communities ' for public recognition by officially promoting things like state-subsidized denominational schools .
This language , in force since July 2002 , arguably applies to official Israeli policies aimed at promoting `` indirect transfer '' by providing financial incentives to voluntary settlers .
A Conference on Security and Cooperation in the Mediterranean and the Middle East -LRB- CSCM -RRB- could quickly become a useful instrument for promoting this comprehensive approach to security and development .
Hiring , promoting , and rewarding academic staff is increasingly based on `` citation counts '' -- the number of times someone receives credit in peer-approved publications .
But there need to be limits to the West 's tolerance , particularly given the summit 's agenda , which features energy security , fighting disease , promoting education , counter-terrorism , and non-proliferation .
By failing to propose a compelling plan for nuclear disarmament , the US , Russia , and the remaining nuclear powers are promoting through inaction a future in which nuclear weapons will inevitably be used .
Sarkozy has said that he wants to focus the French EU presidency on promoting measures to deal with climate change , reviewing European migration policy , and re-energizing the ESDP , in line with France 's decision to return to NATO .
Where are the many people who benefit from trade , including the celebrities who care so deeply about alleviating poverty and promoting development ?
It also provides resources to governments that in many cases are promoting foreign policies that are contrary to the interests of most other countries .
Stopping the spread of nuclear weapons , promoting more efficient energy use , taking action on climate change , and maintaining an open global economy -- these and other tasks require Chinese participation , even cooperation , if globalization is not to overwhelm us all .
This is not to say that promoting democracy will have no role in American foreign policy .
In return , new arrangements should call on emerging countries to contribute more to addressing climate change , paying for peacekeeping and state-building , promoting free trade , and sanctioning those who support terror or develop weapons of mass destruction .
Any doubt that promoting democracy now receives greater emphasis in US foreign policy was removed by President Bush 's speech of last November , in which he made clear that the Muslim world 's democratic deficit is not tied to religion , but to `` failures of political and economic doctrines . ''
But , like medical doctors ' Hippocratic oath , America and others must pledge to do no harm in promoting democracy .
If the words of the Olympic Charter , stating that it is a goal of Olympism to `` place sport at the service of the harmonious development of man , with a view to promoting a peaceful society concerned with the preservation of human dignity , '' are to be fulfilled , it is necessary for all Olympians to be able to learn about the real situation in China and to point out human rights violations freely whenever and wherever in line with their conscience .
Indeed , in pursuit of national economic stability , the Obama administration is clearly moving towards the kind of government intervention that China has been promoting over the past two decades .
But promoting breastfeeding at the time of delivery can be effective .
The role of external actors in promoting democracy in the Middle East is also critical .
Its decision reverberates across the Continent -- not just for the Roma , but for all who have a stake in promoting the values of tolerance and equality in a democratic Europe .
The bank reforms generally did punish the bankers , but they were not successful in promoting new bank lending .
The best measures are familiar ones : expanding immunization coverage , promoting breastfeeding , increasing the use of simple and cheap treatments for diarrhea and childhood pneumonia , ensuring widespread distribution of key micronutrients , and spreading the use of anti-retroviral drugs and breastfeeding substitutes to prevent mother-to-child HIV transmission .
Hu succeeded Jiang in 2002 , almost as former Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi was coming to power in Japan , and encouraged `` New Thinking '' in China 's Japan policy , which would entail moving away from historical grievances and promoting better ties .
But , as the Indian economist and frequent policymaker Vijay Kelkar has put it , `` India needs to fashion -LRB- its -RRB- own sui generis model of growth and development ... towards an advanced economy , always promoting inclusive growth , and thus gain the benefits of enhanced efficiency , greater equity , and better governance under a liberal democracy . ''
One vehicle for promoting such an approach is the New Partnership for Africa 's Development -LRB- NEPAD -RRB- .
On March 14 , 2008 , the Chief Public Prosecutor opened an investigation aimed at shutting down the AKP on the grounds that it was intent on violating the constitutional ban on promoting religion .
Every Japanese citizen may have his or her own opinion , but a clear majority appear to agree that Japan must become a prominent nation in promoting international and regional security , as well as economic growth .
As a result , they must compliment each other 's advantages , characteristics , and interests in order to optimize their role in promoting international security .
In this vein , Brazil 's experience at promoting renewable fuels , beginning in the 1970 's , is directly relevant to today 's polarized views of industrial policy .
Our research shows that industrial policy was successful in promoting a competitive bioethanol industry in Brazil .
Still , looking beyond the 2012 elections might be worthwhile , because the economic , political , and social contexts have changed since 2004 , when Putin re-elected himself , and since 2008 , when he pretended to be a democrat by promoting Medvedev .
After 12 years in power , and grasping for 12 more , Putin can no longer sustain the pretense of adhering to democracy and promoting modernization .
The UN has placed a high priority on promoting women at all levels of the Organization and this year , for the first time , UN Women is operating to promote the interests and rights of women all over the world .
The challenges we face as a community of nations today are increasingly those of collaboration and cooperation : fighting climate change , rebuilding the global financial system , and promoting sustainable development .
But such services must not shy away from promoting and providing modern contraceptive methods to avoid unwanted pregnancies .
Turkey is belatedly engaging with the Middle East by mediating conflicts , developing economic relations , and liberalizing the movement of people , all initiatives aimed at promoting regional peace , prosperity , and openness .
Just because European governments have failed to put bread on their constituents ' tables does n't mean that the European Central Bank should likewise fail in its job of promoting price stability in the euro zone .
The global financial and economic crisis may also be a catalyst for promoting Europe 's vision of a new world order .
Then , in the 1970s , largely as a result of an environmental scare promoted by Rachel Carson 's book Silent Spring , foreign aid agencies and UN organizations stopped promoting DDT , and its usage declined .
America , India , Europe , and Japan will face increasing tension between their short-term military needs in the region and their long-term goal of promoting political reform in order to create more stable and reliable partners .
Precisely because they opposed the war , they are now the only countries that can restore Europe 's unity of action in promoting stability .
In the Caucasus and Central Asia , the Kremlin has effectively shut the EU out of regions where it has an interest in promoting political reform , resolving conflicts , and forging energy partnerships .
Improving the nutrition of infants and young children by promoting both breastfeeding and better knowledge of weaning foods would be a cost-effective opportunity , with benefits between five and seven times higher than the costs .
Although there is not yet enough evidence to assess the cost-benefit ratios of specific policies , the evidence available suggests that policy-makers should also prioritize improving the provision of education , creating more secure property rights through land reform , promoting microfinance , and improving rural infrastructure .
Europe , to be blunt , must devote more energy in the years ahead to addressing its micro challenges rather than to promoting grand ideas .
Otherwise , we will continue to invest in wars and conflicts , or in fighting crime and domestic instability , rather than in promoting development and thereby eliminating poverty .
These leaders are less concerned with the reform agenda than with promoting patriotism among Japanese youth , upgrading the Defense Agency to a ministry , and enacting a law to permit a referendum to revise the pacifist constitution .
The US has been tremendously successful in promoting research strategies that support the use of nanotechnology , and has served as a model that is being duplicated around the world .
The current government under Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva misses the point with rhetoric about creating peace simply through promoting justice , or by funding large-scale socio-economic development projects .
Such policies might well prevent disease , thereby saving money , reducing human suffering , and promoting healthier and more meaningful lives .
But , despite flourishing rhetoric about promoting democracy , promoting it is still not backed with concrete plans of action .
But when it comes to offense , or most important missions - building democracy , promoting a political transformation agenda , and winning the hearts and minds of millions of ordinary people in the region - remain buried deep in bureaucracy , deprived of the necessary leadership , attention , and resources .
This requires encouraging more effective investments in education and research and development , increasing intellectual property protections , and promoting new international collaborative efforts to help address common challenges in energy , environmental protection , health care , and other areas .
The world community is not there yet , and until it is , the world needs a new kind of American leader -- a leader able to inspire Americans to fix their problems at home and work with partners across the globe in promoting a common agenda as bold and progressive as the order built from the ashes of World War II 60 years ago .
Moreover , if China , India , and the ASEAN states take the lead in promoting a just resolution for the people of Burma\/Myanmar , or if China proves more willing to press North Korea on nuclear weapons , these states will demonstrate that a world with multiple leading stakeholders can be safer than a world led by a single superpower .
The needs are basic : promoting breastfeeding , food supplies for young children , and medical attention for mothers .
Systematic calculation and publication of cyclically adjusted fiscal indicators would help maintain discipline by promoting accountability , as would other improvements in transparency , especially regarding quasi-fiscal operations and the contingent liabilities of the government and public enterprises .
As contemporary authoritarian regimes learn how to manage and engineer information flows , we must understand that promoting and protecting free speech in places like China and Russia is not a simple matter of `` tearing down the wall . ''
A regional plan approved in August 2003 in Dar-Es-Salaam , Tanzania 's capital , by the SADC focuses on promoting trade , economic liberalization , and development as a means of facilitating the establishment of an SADC Common Market .
The European Union has been a positive force in promoting rights in those countries aspiring to membership , but it has not demonstrated a capacity to exercise influence worldwide .
Yet without the legitimacy derived from the Universal Declaration and its role in promoting compliance , the nongovernmental human rights movement could not have developed into a global force .
One of the casualties of the war against terrorism -- or , rather , of the way the United States is conducting the war -- is the US influence in promoting human rights worldwide .
The Bush administration 's emphasis on promoting democracy in the Middle East suggests it understands the importance of values in foreign policy .
In short , there are many strands to an effective long-term strategy for creating soft power resources and promoting conditions for the development of democracy .
Harry Truman spoke of defending free people everywhere , and Woodrow Wilson spoke of promoting democracy .
The Bush administration still has much to do in promoting ideas , but early indications suggest a change from the neglect of the first term .
Rhetoric about `` the world 's two largest democracies '' is not new , but it fits with the Bush administration 's new emphasis on promoting democracy .
The Bush administration may be correct in arguing that the extremely high costs and risks of promoting democracy are less than the costs and risks of allowing the authoritarian status quo in the Middle east to persist indefinitely .
But other goals , such as promoting democracy and human rights , are better achieved by soft power .
As the world 's largest economy , the US has taken the lead in promoting policies that reduce barriers .
Will it turn from promoting democracy to a narrow realist view of its interests ?
America can learn from the lesson the nineteenth century , when Great Britain was a preponderant power and took the lead in maintaining the balance of power between Europe 's major states , promoting an open international economic system , and maintaining freedom of the seas .
That means support for international institutions , aligning America with the cause of international development , promoting public health , increasing cultural exchanges , maintaining an open economy , and dealing seriously with climate change .
In his first weeks in office , he began to fulfill his campaign promises by outlining a massive economic stimulus plan , ordering the closure of the Guantánamo Bay prison , promoting new fuel-efficiency standards to save energy , giving an interview to Al Arabiya , and sending a top emissary to the Middle East .
In this approach to public diplomacy , government policy is aimed at promoting and participating in , rather than controlling , such cross-border networks .
The AFC is promoting such investment , based on a new development-oriented banking style in Africa that involves the proactive creation and management of infrastructure , industrial , and financial assets , including the six leading industrial sectors : power , transport infrastructure , telecoms , oil and gas , mining , and heavy industries .
Premature fiscal contraction and\/or withdrawal of countercyclical measures threaten the public support that is essential to promoting recovery among those hardest hit by the crisis .
Systemic risk raises doubts about the solvency of over-indebted countries , which means that these countries ' efforts to consolidate their fiscal position and promote reform do not lead to improvement in financial conditions , which is essential for overcoming the crisis and promoting recovery .
But it can not have it both ways , seeking guarantees against regime change at home , and promoting it in its neighborhood .
The United Nations reckons that if economic reconstruction fails in terms of promoting dynamism and inclusion , countries in the transition to peace have an even chance of reverting to war .
Charity in Hard Times PRINCETON -- As I tour the U.S. promoting my new book , The Life You Can Save : Acting Now to End World Poverty , I am often asked if this is n't the wrong time to call on affluent people to increase their effort to end poverty in other countries .
We rely on external referees for promoting basic scientists , who publish their work in national or international journals .
The EU can buck this anti-market trend by promoting structural reforms in southern European countries and focussing on enlargement to increase economic competition .
Beyond truth seeking , the IAEA has taken a leadership role in promoting new initiatives to reduce weapons proliferation .
Israel could then mimic other nuclear-armed states by flexing its capacity through announcement and transparent nuclear deployment on land and sea , thereby promoting deterrence .
It is a prerequisite for the EU to be able to play a strong and positive role internationally , promoting peace , sustainable development , free trade , and good governance .
While there has been progress on implementing debt-relief measures , the international community must follow through on the other part of its pledge , by delivering increased aid and promoting its better use .
Currency undervaluation is such a potent instrument for growth for the simple reason that it creates incentives for the economy 's growth-promoting sectors .
So it is no surprise that the countries that have produced steady , long-term growth during the last six decades are those that relied on a different strategy : promoting diversification into manufactured and other `` modern '' goods .
Currency undervaluation is currently the Chinese government 's main instrument for subsidizing manufacturing and other tradable sectors , and therefore promoting growth through structural change .
The great advantage of industrial policies is that they enable growth-promoting structural change without generating trade surpluses .
A government that makes no mistakes when promoting industry is one that makes the bigger mistake of not trying hard enough .
In the urban sector , it could have heralded a restructuring of production by promoting more rational investment .
Last but not least , the Bank needs to play a much bigger role in environmental issues and , in general , in promoting good international citizenship by both rich and poor countries . -LRB- Some of us have been proposing this for almost two decades . -RRB-
Some of the issues that unions are promoting , such as human rights and environmental quality , are unassailable .
Instead of promoting dollar pegs , as Paulson is , the US should be supporting the International Monetary Fund 's behind-the-scenes efforts to promote de-linking of oil currencies and the dollar .
But the US should be far more worried about promoting faster adjustment of its still-gaping trade deficit , which in many ways lies at the root of the recent sub-prime mortgage crisis .
However , even if we can agree on keeping the US open to sovereign wealth fund investments , that is no reason for promoting exchange-rate policies that exacerbate the very trade imbalances that are driving the whole sovereign wealth fund phenomenon in the first place .
For a thousand years , states have regulated maritime transportation for the purpose of promoting safety at sea .
In promoting democracy , liberals reject the argument used by today 's rulers that the first free election would be the last , because Islamists would win and establish theocratic regimes .
Instead , donor governments and the World Bank have insisted for years that impoverished countries cut financing to these villages , under the guise of promoting `` macroeconomic stability '' -- a polite way of demanding debt repayment -- and reflecting the ideological delusion that the private sector will step in .
However , this means that the challenge of maintaining a strong social welfare state in ethnically and racially diverse societies such as the US is not economic , but one of promoting respect and inclusiveness .
The report , like the Gates Foundation 's similar list of `` Grand Challenges '' in global health , highlights a new global priority : promoting advanced technologies for sustainable development .
Fortunately , China is promoting a major domestic expansion .
They should raise productivity by building modern infrastructure and promoting science and technology .
For 30 years , the US has been going in the wrong direction , cutting the role of government in the domestic economy rather than promoting the investments needed to modernize the economy and workforce .
Yet democracy has absolutely nothing to do with American policy in Central Asia , where US oil companies and diplomats trip over each other promoting deals in despotic Kazakhstan , Turkmenistan , and Uzbekistan .
Thus , the budget supports critical areas of market reform and growth promotion , including measures aimed at deepening the financial sector , promoting exports , and liberalizing foreign direct investment .
This would be analogous to the role the Commission plays in promoting the Trans European Networks for road and rail communications .
China will move carefully but firmly in promoting this path .
Nonetheless , China 's stake in the outcome of the current crisis is big enough to make it a party to a wide range of exchanges , formal and informal , bilateral and multilateral -- all with the objective of promoting change without upheaval on the Korean peninsula .
At one end of its spectrum of meanings , conservatism has -LRB- over the last two decades -RRB- come to be viewed as promoting too much of a civic life of greed and grab .
Indeed , whereas agricultural trade issues put rich and poor countries ' national interests on a collision course , promoting investment flows to the developing world could unify all countries around a shared objective .
To be sure , expanded trade holds great promise for promoting development and democracy .
So long as the USSR did not stage a military attack , containment 's reliance on economic sticks and carrots , competition within the world communist movement , intelligence and diplomacy , and promoting the vitality of the capitalist democracies would guarantee security .
That is the surest means of protecting and promoting democracy .
Bush has been traveling the country promoting a plan to introduce personal retirement accounts invested in stocks and bonds .
The structure of the label should be developed by a committee of academics , regulators , and industry executives with the objective of promoting informed comparison among consumers of investment products .
There 's the policy of engaging the two post-Soviet states for their own sake , promoting good governance , human rights , and business ties -- the usual grab-bag of US diplomacy .
But , as Professor Richard Layard of the London School of Economics has argued in his recent book Happiness : Lessons from a New Science , promoting friendship is often easy , cheap , and can have big payoffs in making people happier .
The prohibited material includes child pornography , bestiality , incest , graphic `` high impact '' images of violence , anything promoting or providing instruction on crime or violence , detailed descriptions of the use of proscribed drugs , and how-to information on suicide by Web sites supporting the right to die for the terminally or incurably ill .
Wikileaks also asserts that its leaks have already been the catalyst for `` hundreds of reforms , '' and that '' -LRB- o -RRB- pen governance is the most effective method of promoting good governance . ''
PRINCETON -- The small Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan is known internationally for two things : high visa fees , which reduce the influx of tourists , and its policy of promoting `` gross national happiness '' instead of economic growth .
Instead , his address was a thoughtful review of the key issues involved in promoting happiness as a national policy .
We may agree that our goal ought to be promoting happiness , rather than income or gross domestic product , but , if we have no objective measure of happiness , does this make sense ?
This effort to encircle India by sea with strategically positioned naval stations from Hainan in the East to Gwadar in the West , and on land by promoting bogus Pakistani claims that undermine India 's territorial integrity , takes the `` Great Game '' to a new and more dangerous level .
The problem is that advocates of reducing the greenhouse effect by promoting bio-fuels production have not made clear where the land will come from .
Properly used , an oil fund can contribute to this aim , but it should do so indirectly , by promoting domestic financial stability .
This information is in many ways more sensitive , and services share it on a `` need to know '' basis , not for the sake of promoting cooperation .
These jobs will play a vital role in reducing the environmental footprint of economies and promoting sustainable production and consumption patterns .
A better understanding of the concept of open society requires that promoting freedom and democracy and promoting American values and interests be distinguished .
There is also trouble brewing in some of the newly admitted member countries , such as Hungary and Poland , where the EU could play a more proactive role in promoting democratic stability .
President Nicolas Sarkozy should be applauded for supporting a new initiative promoting strict transparency standards for petroleum , gas , and mining companies listed on European stock exchanges .
French Finance Minister Christine Lagarde recently highlighted the necessity of promoting `` initiatives within industrial sectors that aim to enhance governance , integrity , and transparency in economic transactions . ''
The IMF 's management shares many strategic considerations repeatedly raised by the Bundesbank , which has argued that the Fund should limit its activities to its core mandate : promoting monetary and financial stability .
Former President George W. Bush 's restrictions on funding for health programs that used condoms or other forms of contraception meant that Islamic organizations receiving any funding from the US Agency for International Development were unable to publish material promoting safe-sex and family planning .
In one particularly absurd case , a group of Muslim feminists who wrote a book promoting women 's rights based on Koranic exegesis had to publish their work in secret , because it included arguments for women 's reproductive rights and a small percentage of the group 's funding came from a foundation that had received money from USAID .
A second major difference between left and right concerns the role of the state in promoting development .
Central banks are better at restraining markets ' irrational exuberance in a bubble -- restricting the availability of credit or raising interest rates to rein in the economy -- than at promoting investment in a recession .
The prescription for what ails the global economy follows directly from the diagnosis : strong government expenditures , aimed at facilitating restructuring , promoting energy conservation , and reducing inequality , and a reform of the global financial system that creates an alternative to the buildup of reserves .
Around the world , we have underutilized resources -- people who want to work , machines that lie idle , buildings that are empty -- and huge unmet needs : fighting poverty , promoting development , and retrofitting the economy for global warming , to name just a few .
The irony of the IMF 's position over the past eight years is that , while the Clinton Administration advanced Third Way principles at home through an active government role in promoting growth , in the international arena America 's Treasury -LRB- directly and through the IMF -RRB- advanced views that reflected , with only slight variations , traditional market fundamentalism and trickle down economics , ideas which America itself had rejected .
Clear , too , was the fact that , in promoting its tax cuts , the Bush Administration was engaging -LRB- on a multi-billion dollar scale -RRB- in dishonest , Enron-like accounting .
It may also be possible to impose taxes on luxury goods -LRB- many of which are imported -RRB- , thereby promoting equity without stifling growth .
Today , Europe 's growth languishes , because the ECB is constrained by its single-minded focus on inflation from promoting economic recovery .
Meanwhile , East Asia , where governments eschewed these doctrines and were active in promoting growth has seen incomes soar and poverty plummet - despite the crisis of 1997 .
James Wolfensohn , the president of the World Bank , has announced his intention to leave , and the search is on for a new head of the world 's most important multilateral organization promoting development .
But , while the G-7 countries , which dominate voting at the Bank , all declare their commitment to democracy and good governance -- and espouse promoting them as one of their central objectives -- there is a yawning gap between what they preach and what they practice .
But her track record is also her greatest liability : the policies of the `` Washington Consensus '' have proven to be an utter failure in promoting growth and stability in developing and transition economies .
Rather than promoting stable economies with faster growth and lower interest rates , the IMF 's simplistic prescriptions for capital and financial market liberalization often resulted in the opposite : collapsing financial sectors , prohibitively high borrowing costs , widespread social dislocation , and political upheaval .
The arguments against the `` old boy '' system -- by which the United States appoints the head of the World Bank and Europe the head of the IMF -- are especially compelling today How effective can the Bank be in promoting good governance and fighting corruption if its president is chosen in a process that demonstrates flaws in its own governance ?
Not only has the Bank not been active in promoting these globally agreed standards , there is a concern that the Bank discourages collective bargaining and protections for workers when it talks about `` flexible labor markets '' and conditions that are conducive to private investment .
Today , as policymakers seek new paradigms for managing the economy in 2011 and beyond , a better understanding of these linkages will be essential to promoting economic growth and reducing the risk of crises .
Unlike the US , the EU 's difficulties stem not from a perceived lack of legitimacy or crude attempts at promoting democracy , but from a real lack of unity and , therefore , influence .
Governments have been promoting individual savings accounts for pensions , health , and unemployment insurance ; often , these are either mandatory or subsidized through tax incentives .
In coming decades , a strong bilateral partnership will prove vital in managing the rise of China and promoting an Asian balance of power that is favorable to India , the United States , and Asia as a whole .
Finally , there 's the usual Indian problem : sports administrative bodies and government departments are ridden with patronage and petty bossism , with officials more interested in protecting their turf -LRB- and enjoying paid vacations to sporting events -RRB- than in promoting athletes .
Moreover , since Abu Ghraib and Guantánamo , the United States has lost its formerly strong authority in promoting democracy .
In Uganda , Vice President Gilbert Bukenya routinely travels the country , promoting higher-value farming , such as dairy production .
To believe that such a vision can work for Russia , Ukraine , and Europe is not wishful thinking , but rests on the successful experience of France and Germany in promoting amity .
So , instead of promoting growth , the `` united economic space '' will retard it by discouraging competition and investment .
A distinction is often made between `` hard '' tools for combating terrorism -- i.e. executive , including military measures -- and `` soft '' tools such as programs promoting the integration of Muslim immigrants , efforts to stabilize and develop problem countries , and strategies for intercultural dialogue .
It is far too early to judge the strength of internal forces promoting liberal economic policies .
The plan , yet to be fully articulated , is to make them accountable to all workers , not just to their membership -- another way of promoting democratic legitimacy , but this time at the heart of the social system .
Fourthly , China has increased its carbon sinks by promoting reforestation .
For this year , China will complete formulating provincial climate change programs throughout the country , promoting effective implementation of the National Climate Change Program .
Spain was among the first countries to introduce a national energy plan aimed at promoting renewable energy sources and reducing greenhouse-gas emissions .
Moreover , a headquarters in Abu Dhabi sends an unequivocal message that promoting renewable energy is not `` anti-oil . ''
Obama will be on African soil for a mere two days , during which time he is expected to emphasize America 's role in promoting good governance and non-violence in Africa -- goals long high on America 's public agenda .
