What , then , would the proposed dialogue between the US and these states achieve other than continue to empower their corrupt yet ambitious regimes ?
At its recent summit in Libya , the Arab League rejected the proximity talks proposed by the United States ' Middle East peace envoy , George Mitchell .
The proposed reforms may cost US taxpayers more than President Bush 's massive tax cut of 2001 , and one that implies a very significant redistribution from America 's young to its old .
Ryanair proposed a deal : the airport forgoes its landing fees , and in exchange Ryanair flies in two million people per year .
Within a period of just a few weeks , the European Court of Justice -LRB- to which private parties can appeal decisions made by the Commission -RRB- voided three of Monti 's decisions rejecting proposed corporate mergers .
Rather than putting proposed mergers by private companies under the microscope , Commissioner Monti should focus on his other mandate : safeguarding against state intervention and state aid to companies .
The Commission is authorized to open a case against a proposed merger and to decide on it .
The law was proposed by the government and quickly passed by the Duma , where Putin 's party controls two-thirds of the votes .
EU Commission President Romano Prodi has proposed a scheme to strengthen the Union 's executive .
The institutional structure envisaged by the proposed European Constitution should also reflect and help develop Europe 's broader aspirations .
Here we propose a number of institutional and policy reforms , including :
Many factors contributed to the French and Dutch objections to the proposed EU Constitution .
More recently , China , along with India , signed an ASEAN-proposed Treaty of Commerce and Amity , while the Japanese hesitated .
The `` reforms '' proposed by Saif al-Islam included releasing some political prisoners , especially those , like the LIFG , who declared their allegiance to Qaddafi 's regime .
Others who proposed tougher trade rules were not convinced -- and with good reason .
Palestinian nationalism is deeply ingrained in the consciousness of most Palestinians -- yet , since 1948 , when the United Nations proposed partitioning British Palestine into two states , a Jewish and an Arab one , it has failed to move from ideology towards reality .
To strengthen the Fund 's financial stability role , we propose action in three related areas .
Zhao was the first to propose `` expanded autonomy for Chinese enterprises '' and `` restoration of a healthy relationship between government and industry . ''
But Zhao was also the only CCP leader to propose a political reform package to tackle China 's system of one-party rule .
For genuine and long-term stability , Zhao proposed reforms that ultimately aimed at the legalization and systemization of democracy .
Although the short-term practical objectives of Zhao 's political reforms were limited by the circumstances in which they were proposed , the measures all aimed at containing Communist Party power and represented a concrete step toward returning , peacefully , power to China 's people .
Last month , I proposed a key measure to strengthen non-proliferation to the IAEA 's Board of Governors -- establishing an IAEA bank of low-enriched uranium -LRB- LEU -RRB- to guarantee supplies to countries that need nuclear fuel for their power reactors .
UN Secretary Ban Ki-moon has created a working group to define a common plan of action , and France 's President Nicolas Sarkozy has proposed a global partnership for food .
Sarkozy 's proposed partnership has three pillars .
Substitution of paracetamol for aspirin , researchers proposed , may have led to an enhanced allergic immune response , thereby increasing susceptibility to asthma and other allergic disorders .
But other researchers have proposed a number of plausible mechanisms , primarily related to paracetamol 's negative effect on the body 's ability to withstand oxidant stress and its potential enhancement of the allergic immune response .
They propose that the available scientific evidence suggests that fever is a universal , ancient , and usually beneficial response to infection , and that its suppression under most circumstances has few if any demonstrable benefits .
One proposed approach would reduce the significance of the raters ' opinions .
Reforming pay arrangements in ways such as those proposed here would help ensure that firms and the economy do n't suffer in the future from the excessive risk-taking that has contributed to bringing about the financial crisis .
As the government proposed to introduce an anti-subversion law and strengthened its control over the civil service , they became guarded in what they said and tightlipped about mentioning the pressures from above .
I had the chance to see one of these rivers -- and the proposed site of one of the country 's most controversial dams -- on a recent trek through the stunning Tiger Leaping Gorge , north of the town of Lijiang in northern Yunnan .
Of course , the idea is held back by the inner workings of both parts of the proposed alliance . Many in the West question whether Islam is compatible with human rights and Western concepts of liberty .
Nor is the movement 's brinkmanship entirely irrational , for the legacy of Israel 's 2006 abortive attempt to destroy Hezbollah is that , for the first time in the country 's history , the military establishment is advocating restraint and actively curbing the more hawkish measures being proposed in cabinet meetings .
TEL AVIV -- The somber spectacle of Israel 's isolation during the United Nations debate on Palestinian statehood marks the political tsunami that Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu 's critics warned would arrive if Israel did not propose a bold peace initiative .
And , when US forces overran Saddam Hussein 's army in the spring of 2003 , the encircled Iranians proposed a grand bargain that would put all contentious issues on the table , from the nuclear issue to Israel , from Hezbollah to Hamas .
The EU 's proposed `` college of supervisors , '' even with the addition of a European `` systemic risk board , '' is only a partial solution , because it endorses the leadership of the home-country regulator and fails to address the potential conflict of interests between home-country and host-country regulators .
As an alternative , we propose a set of common standards for `` effect-based jurisdiction . ''
When the computer encounters the phrase `` killed the bill , '' it would deduce that `` bill '' can only be a proposed law submitted to a legislature , and that `` kill '' could mean only `` stop . ''
Regulators have proposed steep hikes : a Bank of England study , for example , suggested a more than three-fold increase .
The main role of antioxidants is to prevent oxidative damage to cellular components , so it has been proposed that dietary antioxidants decrease such damage and with it the risk of disease .
Since emissions from the developing countries are on the whole lower than those of the developed world -- and will need to continue to rise in the short-term as they maintain economic growth and address poverty -- it has been proposed that developed countries cut emissions by at least 80 % relative to 1990 by 2050 , with major steps towards this goal over the next decade .
Some of the rules that it proposes are unenforceable -- and thus merely a source of red tape for migrants and their employers that would require huge public bureaucracies to administer .
Similarly , the Paper proposes that the self-employed should be admitted after an evaluation of their business plans .
Facing tribal unrest and incessant fighting , the British proposed to settle the tribes from Waziristan -LRB- present-day North Waziristan and South Waziristan -RRB- in British territory .
Whether citizens will support politicians who propose the labor , tax , and other reforms needed to enhance mobility , and whether such reforms will be sufficient to overcome linguistic and cultural barriers , are open questions .
Grading Obamanomics PALO ALTO -- It is still too soon to gauge the full economic impact of President Barack Obama 's implemented and proposed policies , but a preliminary read indicates limited short-term benefit at large long-term cost .
They pledge allegiance to long-term fiscal responsibility , yet propose budgets with large deficits for years to come and big hikes in the debt-GDP ratio .
Various models have been proposed .
He has already proposed a popular referendum on Taiwanese membership in the United Nations .
Buffeted by criticism that their position on the war in Iraq is incoherent and that they are soft on security threats , the Democrats appear determined to ratchet up pressure on Iran , favoring much broader sanctions than the Bush administration has proposed .
The meeting proposed that we create a genetically mixed pool of 30,000 mice .
The equilibrium in voting rights between small and large member states was also secured by vesting exclusive authority to propose regulation in the Commission , which expresses the common interests of the Community .
The Dutch proposed bringing all European decision-making ? economic , foreign policy , justice , and home affairs ? into a single framework .
But Belgium could have shown greater understanding for the Netherlands ' position after Dutch voters decisively rejected the proposed European constitution in the mid-2005 referendum .
But realizing these aims requires cooperation from the government in Khartoum , whereas each of the proposed measures would only heighten tensions or prove useless .
Otherwise , the referendum to ratify the government 's proposed `` MAS -LRB- Movement for Socialism -RRB- constitution '' will only fuel more strife .
Yet one thing is clear : Chavez was the first ruler of his generation to recognize the region 's fatigue and disillusion with neo-liberalism , and to propose new rules of the game .
But it is instructive to recall that many of those now-universally-admired rules were fiercely resisted when first proposed .
The book for the new epoch has yet to be written , but I have a proposed title : Capitalism and Skepticism .
The Quartet 's special envoy , James Wolfensohn , has proposed that donors assist the Palestinian people without violating anti-terrorism laws that prohibit funds from being sent directly to Hamas .
But their chauvinism does not stop there : they constantly propose measures to discriminate between northern Italian citizens from Veneto or Lombardy and southerners from Naples , Calabria , or Sicily .
At the end of July , another Lega Nord MP , Paola Goisis , proposed in Parliament that teachers from Italy 's south should not be allowed to teach in northern schools unless they are well versed in the history , traditions , and dialects of the area where the school is located .
The third attack on Italian unity launched at the beginning of August by the President of the Lega Nord group in the Senate , Federico Bricolo , who proposed adding a proviso to Article 12 of the Italian Constitution whereby the flags and anthems of the different regions would be officially recognized on an equal footing with the national anthem and flag .
Zaia 's vivid imagination does not stop there : he has now proposed that popular Italian TV series be dubbed or subtitled in the local dialect !
Venezuelan Preseident Hugo Chávez has openly proposed abolishing the central bank 's independence , submitting a constitutional reform that would allow him to use the country 's international reserves as he sees fit .
If John McCain is elected , tinkering with or overhauling NAFTA , CAFTA , and free-trade deals with Chile and Peru , as Barack Obama has proposed , will be unlikely .
They only demand that the proposed laws be less arbitrary and that their scope be minimized .
But government officials merely reiterate the political righteousness of the proposed anti-subversion laws .
Despite several weeks of intense US pressure to soften - or even retract - the proposed law , China 's leaders did little more than attempt to reinforce their position that `` non-peaceful '' -LRB- i.e. , military -RRB- measures would serve strictly as a last resort - which had already been assumed anyway .
For example , fighting the Congress 's proposed nationwide ban on driver 's licenses for undocumented immigrants could be a high priority while negotiating new trade agreements with the US .
In addition , China has planned the `` Great Western Route , '' the proposed third leg of the Great South-North Water Diversion Project -- the most ambitious inter-river and inter-basin transfer program ever conceived -- whose first two legs , involving internal rivers in China 's ethnic Han heartland , are scheduled to be completed within three years .
Since laws are not the answer to child labor , many experts propose compulsory education as a means to curb it .
The quick-tempered twins took issue with the reform treaty 's proposed voting system for the Council of Ministers , and then stole the limelight from papacy with their own homophobic declarations , proclamations that seem to exclude any possibility of integrating the EU 's Charter of Rights into Poland 's domestic law .
Then Bucharest 's mayor , Traian Basescu , proposes a plan to control the dogs : the city government will put to sleep any dog without an owner .
Iraq 's Jobs-for-Peace Mirage As the wisdom of President Bush 's proposed `` surge '' of US troops is debated across the US and around the world , another question about the US President 's new policy to avert all-out civil war there is coming to the fore .
The philosopher Karl Popper had ample reason to propose a precise definition of democracy .
Soon it emerged that not all its apparent supporters actually supported it ; when Chancellor Schroeder 's proposed reforms caused squeals within his own party , he quickly dropped much of the Third Way program like a hot potato .
In Britain , proposed legislation concerning incitement to religious hatred and terrorism has led to emotional parliamentary debates -- and to doubts about the liberal credentials of Tony Blair 's government .
In Europe , the Vatican lobbied for acknowledgement of God in the preamble to the proposed European Constitutional Treaty .
Turing proposed that all computations and logical operations could be performed by a simple machine , which he called the Universal Turing Machine , reading and modifying a linear sequence of symbols .
The French socialist party can still , probably , rely on the loyalty of a substantial minority for atavistic or tribal reasons ; but it does not propose to introduce socialism .
France and Germany argue that this rotational system is dysfunctional , partly because of discontinuity , and have proposed that the Council should appoint a full-time permanent President for a period of five years .
Some middle-sized countries , like Spain and Poland , do not like the proposed majority voting rules , which would operate according to population weights .
Some small countries do not like streamlining the Commission , and the proposed cutback in the number of Commissioners from member states .
The proposed new system would do away with weighted votes .
The proposed constitution will contain a Charter of Fundamental Rights , which is intended to enhance the political and moral legitimacy of the EU .
Since the shock of the French and Dutch `` no '' votes against the European Union 's proposed Constitutional Treaty , events have followed their inevitable course , but more rapidly than expected .
It also persuasively demonstrates that all the proposed remedies come with significant costs .
The Basel Committee has proposed strengthening considerably both the quantity and the quality of capital in the global banking system .
In its proposed reforms of the regulatory system , the Obama administration plans to give the Fed more of these powers . That has inevitably strengthened the hands of those who argue that more power requires more accountability .
For example , Paul De Grauwe of the University of Leuvem has proposed that the European Central Bank should intervene when exchange-rate developments are out of touch with economic reality , in order to send a signal to the markets .
Joking about Science ITHACA , NEW YORK -- An apocryphal story sometimes heard among physicists concerns a toast , proposed by his Cambridge University colleagues , to J. J. Thomson 's discovery of the electron in 1897 : `` To the electron : may it never be of use to anyone ! ''
Simpson never met an unfunded tax cut proposed by a Republican president that he would vote against , and he never met a balanced deficit-reduction program proposed by a Democratic president that he would support .
First of all , Bernanke did not propose any further easing of monetary policy to support the stalled recovery -- or , rather , the non-recovery .
According to Hiatt , `` We raised such issues '' as whether the Bush administration had properly thought its proposed adventure in Iraq through , `` but with insufficient force . ''
Economists have proposed three explanations for why macroeconomic catastrophes have not caused more human suffering and deranged long-run economic growth over the past generation .
If and when the proposed tax cuts are fully phased in , they will not provide the $ 1,000 a year boost to the income of 90 million households that the Bush Administration implies they will .
Economist Simon Kuznets proposed the existence of a sharp rise in inequality upon industrialization , followed by a decline to social-democratic levels .
But I say yes in part to the `` Age of Friedman '' proposition , because only Friedman 's set of principles self-confidently proposed both to explain the world and to tell us how to change it .
This opposition is not coming only from politicians who are calculating that opposition to whatever is proposed may yield electoral benefits ; indeed , it does not even reflect any coherent right-wing or indeed left-wing political position .
Economist Andy Xie , formerly with Morgan Stanley , proposed last week that China trade its dollar assets for shares in US companies on a grand scale , challenging America to overcome its financial xenophobia in order to avert a disaster of undercapitalization .
But now we see Asian companies beginning to acquire valuable US-owned economic assets -- witness India 's Tata Group 's proposed acquisition of Jaguar and Land Rover from Ford . Do you see foreign investment and acquisitions in America as a positive development or a potential peril ?
Unexpected by researchers , such a force had nevertheless been predicted in 1915 by a modification that Albert Einstein proposed to his own theory of gravity , the general theory of relativity .
The story of why Einstein proposed the cosmological term , why he dropped it , and why cosmologists today have reintroduced it illustrates this process .
Einstein 's remark about having `` blundered '' is as misleading as the idea that he is `` right after all . '' The cosmological term is not something that should never have been proposed .
He therefore considers the revival of America 's alliances to be a key foreign policy priority , and he has proposed that US forces in Iraq should be integrated into a NATO operation , as long as this remains under US command .
As already proposed by the Convention , this would mean separating constitutional matters per se from Union policy .
The real innovations are found in Part I and II of the proposed Constitution , in the definition of the normative and political identity of the Union , its competences , the new institutional balance -- including the creation of a European Minister of Foreign Affairs -- and , last but not least , the introduction of a Bill of Rights .
Further , it proposed the establishment of an LDC patent pool for neglected tropical diseases and donated to it 13,500 compounds for malaria vaccines .
Human rights groups report that opponents of the junta 's proposed constitution have been beaten and intimidated in advance of the vote .
In 1951 , French Prime Minister Rene Pléven proposed establishing a European Defense Community -LRB- EDC -RRB- alongside the ECSC .
Gutierrez , following CONAIE 's lead , has called the FTAA `` suicide '' and proposes strengthening ties with the Andean Community and with Brazil and Venezuela , who are also skeptical of the FTAA .
Here , South Korea can propose an obvious solution .
As the European Commission has proposed , the strengthened pact will have tighter deficit limits for heavily indebted countries .
Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne insists that his country 's fiscal trajectory is dangerously unsustainable , and he has proposed draconian cuts .
While the IMF , in a high-profile report on exchange rates in mid-1970 , endorsed the principle of greater flexibility , it offered no new ideas for getting countries to move in this direction and proposed no new sanctions against countries that resisted .
Here Professor Michael Porter of Harvard University has proposed a `` Baltic Rim Regional Agenda '' to develop an innovative and co-operative mindset to improve the region 's business development .
In the US , President Barack Obama recently proposed to increase public spending by about $ 600 billion over the next two years to create an additional four million jobs .
The second test is whether the primary purpose of the proposed military action is to halt or avert the threat in question .
The fourth test is one of proportionality : Are the scale , duration , and intensity of the proposed military action the minimum necessary to meet the threat ?
In the US , the Congressional Budget Office has estimated that President Barack Obama 's proposed policies would cause the federal government 's fiscal deficit to exceed 5 % of GDP in 2019 , even after a decade of continuous economic growth .
The centerpiece of his domestic agenda is a health-care plan that will cost more than a trillion dollars over the next decade , and that he proposes to finance by reducing waste in the existing government health programs -LRB- Medicare and Medicaid -RRB- without reducing the quantity and quality of services .
Similarly , the proposed cuts in payments to providers of services to Medicare patients are unlikely to receive the necessary Congressional support in future years , especially if it turns out that doing so would reduce the volume of services , rather than just providers ' incomes .
And how could that cost be financed if the proposed taxes on existing health policies and the reductions in Medicare outlays have already been used ?
Although the top rate has climbed back to near 40 % , no one proposes a return to pre-Reagan levels .
The current policies and those proposed in the government 's recent budget would cause the national debt to rise rapidly , but those policies are not inevitable .
Obama wanted to continue the 2010 tax rates permanently for all taxpayers except those with annual incomes over $ 250,000 . The Republicans proposed continuing the 2010 tax rates permanently for all taxpayers .
But there is also a risk that some politicians act solely out of self-interest , seizing on the economic downturn as an opportunity to get elected by promising to withdraw the country from the EMU , or by saying that they will threaten to do so if the other member countries do not agree to their proposed policy changes .
But what was really new is that Iran also responded positively to the procedure proposed by the 5 +1 group .
Unfortunately , when the outgoing president of the European Central Bank , Jean-Claude Trichet , proposed a step in this direction by suggesting that a `` European Secretary of the Treasury '' be created , heads of state and government dismissed the idea out of hand .
But the EFSF 's `` more extensive interventions '' recalls the `` unlimited quantities '' of foreign-exchange intervention proposed to rescue the ERM .
Though US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld proposed compensation to the victims of abuse at American military hands , it is hard to see this offer as expressing either guilt or shame .
So the Bush administration proposed a middle way : a military commission under military judges , which would recognize fewer rights for the accused and bar appeals to civilian courts .
In 1952 , Alan Turing -- best known for his work on computation and the mind -- proposed a mathematical model consisting of a pair of equations describing the reaction and diffusion of two imaginary chemicals .
This is why Italy has proposed a new EU `` Plan for the Mediterranean '' aimed at supporting the transition process and building upon existing institutional and financial tools to provide the region with additional resources .
Instead , the '' limit-the-swings '' strategy proposed here implies that , as the exchange rate moves further away from parity , central banks should use their reserves to intervene at unpredictable moments in order to reinforce the effect of their regular announcements of the parity range on traders ' perception of increased risk of capital losses .
Former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher notoriously proposed that the field simply does not exist : there is no such thing as society , she claimed .
President Chávez has opposed Free Trade Agreements and has proposed a mutant trade association he calls ALBA , -LRB- American Bolivarian Alternative -RRB- .
Rosales will establish a joint public and private sector commission to negotiate all future bilateral and multilateral trade agreements , including proposed pacts with the EU and US .
But public opinion in a number of countries now seems to be turning against democracy , argues Bronislaw Geremek , Poland 's former foreign minister , and proposes ways in which this trend might be reversed .
Europe 's Next Move Ever since France and the Netherlands rejected the European Union 's proposed Constitutional Treaty , EU leaders have been busy pointing fingers at each other , or blaming French and Dutch citizens for misunderstanding the question they had been asked .
In the weeks since France and the Netherlands rejected the European Union 's proposed Constitutional Treaty , the EU 's leaders have been busy pointing fingers at each other or blaming French and Dutch citizens for misunderstanding the question they were asked .
But no pan-European statesman has emerged , and no major European institution has even had the courage to provide its own analysis of the current situation , much less propose a strategic scenario for the future .
It will likely take one or two decades , not just a year or two , the proposed time frame of American military presence in Iraq after the expected ouster of Hussein .
But there is little reason to believe that this proposed bureaucratic monster will provide better security than the existing FSB and MVD forces .
Three years ago , Premier Ehud Barak proposed a possible solution for approximately 150,000 settlers : combining some of the large settlements into contiguous blocks and annexing them to Israel along with the sprawling suburbs of Jerusalem , with Israeli land handed over to the future state of Palestine in exchange .
By failing to propose a compelling plan for nuclear disarmament , the US , Russia , and the remaining nuclear powers are promoting through inaction a future in which nuclear weapons will inevitably be used .
The debate about whether the US should allow Russia to have `` special interests '' in Eastern Europe -- renewed by Russia 's opposition to America 's proposed missile-defense installations in the Czech Republic and Poland -- is pointless .
Indeed , high living standards and high social expectations make it political suicide for any party or leader to propose even the short-term sacrifices serious reform will entail .
We propose that a very small portion of developing countries ' total foreign-exchange reserves -- say , 1 % -- be channeled to the expansion of existing regional development banks or the creation of new ones that would invest in infrastructure and other crucial sectors .
Technically , Papandreou 's proposed referendum was not directly about fiscal or economic policy , but it is a decision that would have had huge economic ramifications for the eurozone .
Moreover , if Greece 's voters had rejected the deal that has just been proposed to them , the outcome might have foreclosed any further coordination on the country 's debt problems with the European Union .
This is the key aim of the Euro -LRB- pean -RRB- Monetary Fund -LRB- EMF -RRB- , which Thomas Mayer and I have proposed , and which has been put on the Union table for discussion by German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schauble , among others .
We propose to establish a common insurance fund with contributions proportional to the risk that each member country represents .
We therefore propose that contributions to the EMF should be based on member countries ' fiscal deficits and public debt levels , because both represent warning signs of impending liquidity or insolvency risk .
Where markets and business are concerned , the draft text stretches the `` economic governance '' working group 's conclusions so as to propose a centralized approach , one strongly tilted to favor social , environmental , and consumer objectives , neglecting economic freedom and the market economy .
In 1947 Palestinian Arabs and their allies rejected a UN proposal to partition Palestine into a Jewish state and an Arab state , just as ten years before they rejected a similar partitioning proposed by the Peel Commission .
When the Muslim world was thrown into confusion and disarray after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the democratic wing of the Islamist movement was working on a platform of legislative reforms it would propose for EU accession .
President Jacques Chirac of France , but also Brazil 's leftist president , Lula da Silva support a tax on airline tickets designed to finance poor countries ' development . Similarly , the centrist leader François Bayrou , has proposed imposing a `` Tobin tax '' -LRB- named after its creator , the Nobel laureate economist James Tobin -RRB- on financial transactions , with the proceeds to be used to support socially worthy causes .
Sarkozy , for example , proposes to establish a ministry of immigration and national identity .
Let 's focus instead on what may happen if the law changes as the referendum proposes .
First , openly tolerating a market in a previously illegal commodity will expand the number of users , especially if the retail price is lower than the black-market price -LRB- as is proposed in the Ammiano Bill currently before the California legislature -RRB- .
Greek Cypriots were worried , for instance , about the tax bill for the last proposed settlement ; an agreement by the EU and other international players to subsidize the plan would cut the potential cost without affecting the Turkish community at all .
The poorer , more economically insecure , and less educated a voter , the more likely he or she is to have voted against the proposed constitution in France and Holland , and for the Islamist candidate Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in Iran .
An international protectorate for the area to protect the Palestinians from their own more dangerous elements , the Palestinians from the Israelis , and perhaps even the Israelis from themselves , has been proposed , but has received scant acknowledgement .
Since observation contradicts the hypothesis , modern explanations of the Moon Illusion have proposed a variety of changes to the SDIH .
I have proposed a solution that approaches the illusion from a different starting point .
It is on this basis that British Conservatives oppose the proposed constitution .
If this constitution were accepted in anything like the proposed form , the EU would gain many attributes and trappings of statehood : its own president and foreign minister , its own legal system .
Changes can always be proposed after a decent interval passes .
Ever since the euro was first proposed , skeptics -LRB- mostly American -RRB- and believers -LRB- mostly European -RRB- have fiercely debated the economic preconditions for the single currency , its benefits for members , and its political feasibility .
Fifty years earlier , Jean-Baptiste Lamarck had suggested that living things are products of a long historical process of transformation . But the evolutionary mechanisms he proposed , which included the inheritance of characteristics induced by the environment , never found favor .
One cause often proposed for this damaging phenomenon is the emphasis that many African cultures place on mutual respect .
Seen in these terms , it is clear why the German government 's proposed debt-restructuring mechanism immediately shifts weaker eurozone countries towards default .
Unfortunately , the Obama administration 's proposed approach to ending `` too big to fail '' -- now taken up by the US Congress -- will not work .
On the critical dimension of excessive bank size and what it implies for systemic risk , there was a concerted effort by Senators Ted Kaufman and Sherrod Brown to impose a size cap on the largest banks -- very much in accordance with the spirit of the original `` Volcker Rule '' proposed in January 2010 by Obama himself .
George McGovern , the Democratic presidential candidate in 1972 , proposed to end the war , which by then was unpopular , yet lost the election in a landslide .
Russia proposed this kind of swap earlier , but Iran declined the offer , and the version agreed with Brazil and Turkey was likewise intended to forestall Iran 's ability to produce highly enriched uranium -LRB- HEU -RRB- , which can be used for nuclear warheads .
Moreover , there is nothing to indicate that the government aid proposed in the budget will reach those who need it with any more efficiency than the dismal record so far .
Most importantly , he has proposed exercising the right collective self-defense on a case-by-case basis - thus far barred by the article 9 of Japan 's constitution -- in order to maintain peace and promote effective functioning of the Japan-US alliance .
A draft of proposed changes submitted to Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi assigns three key tasks to the Self-Defense Forces -LRB- SDF -RRB- : effective response to new threats , participation in international peacekeeping activities , and defense against invasion .
On the other hand , the National Security Council proposes `` scaling down the size of defense forces , '' implying mitigation of the will to defend .
If stockpiles of tactical nuclear weapons are reduced , as some US , European , and Russian experts have proposed , the opponents of Russia 's ongoing military reform will have even more reason to object to reconfiguring the country 's conventional armed forces away from confrontation with NATO toward a flexible-response capability vis-à-vis other threats .
The Bush vision of diplomacy proposes a world that is both lawless and arbitrary .
They could agree on a framework of separate , mutually reinforcing instruments . Or they could consider negotiating a nuclear-weapons convention , backed by a strong verification system , as has long been proposed at the UN .
Second , I urged the Security Council to consider other ways to strengthen security in the disarmament process , and to assure non-nuclear-weapon states against nuclear weapons threats . I proposed to the Council that it convene a summit on nuclear disarmament , and I urged non-NPT states to freeze their own weapon capabilities and make their own disarmament commitments . Disarmament must enhance security .
The experiences of these few countries lead us to propose a system whereby mothers are paid if their school-age daughters attend school regularly from the 3rd to the 9th grade .
I am convinced that this is a misguided strategy -- not only because of the uncertainty about the dangers that global warming might pose , but also because of the certainty of the damage that these proposed policies aimed at mitigation will impose .
With the possible exception of Gabon -- where it is too early to assess the effectiveness of reforms proposed by the new president -- most CEMAC governments are run by insular ruling elites that engage more in democratic window-dressing than in genuine political and economic liberalization .
Indeed , when Admiral Timothy J. Keating , the commander of the United States Navy 's Pacific fleet , visited China in 2007 , a high-ranking Chinese naval officer proposed that the two countries demarcate a `` zone of control '' at Hawaii , defining the limits of US naval influence and the beginning of China 's maritime sphere .
Rejecting this , Clinton proposed that the US help establish an international mechanism to mediate the overlapping claims of sovereignty between China , Taiwan , the Philippines , Vietnam , Indonesia , and Malaysia that now exist in the South China Sea .
Around 50 years ago , it was proposed to study the strong forces by firing protons at each other at very high energies .
The corporate state simply has not delivered the goods in continental Europe , and polls are showing voters may take it out on the proposed Constitution .
Most commentators routinely assume that a Yes vote in the May 29 French referendum on the proposed European Union Constitution would be good for Europe and the EU .
He proposed a corporatist system , and some of his followers spoke about a `` third way '' between capitalism and socialism .
Dobrica ?osi? , a Serbian writer and political theorist , proposed it in the 1970 's , perhaps mindful of the inevitable fragility of post-Tito Yugoslavia .
Unfortunately , therefore , the indirect negotiations now being launched are unlikely to produce any tangible result on the borders of the Palestinian state . Indeed , to expect such results by the proposed four-month deadline is highly implausible .
Indeed , irresponsible criticism - the eagerness to expose and publicize a problem , unmatched by the willingness to propose feasible solutions - is perhaps the most common form of dishonesty in politics .
It is a brave politician who can propose that a year 's economic output be lost !
In April 2002 , violent demonstrations known as the `` water war '' in Bolivia forced President Hugo Bánzer to cancel the contract with the only international corporation interested in taking on the most ambitious water project ever proposed in the country .
It was not a physicist , but a biologist , Julius Meyer , who first proposed the law of conservation of energy from a study of biological energy processes .
The proposed defense treaty was also to be buttressed by plans for a European political community whose main features were to be defined by a constitutional commission made up of members of national parliaments .
The model is clearly revealed in the nature of Raúl 's proposed reforms .
Yet no one should forget that on July 1 , 2003 , over 500,000 people protested because the government refused to allow more time to discuss proposed national security legislation .
Amory Lovins of the Rocky Mountain Institute has proposed what he calls the `` negawatt , '' or energy that is never used .
And deeper emissions cuts like those proposed by the European Union -- 20 % below 1990 levels within 12 years -- would reduce global temperatures by only one-sixtieth of one degree Celsius -LRB- one-thirtieth of one degree Fahrenheit -RRB- by 2100 , at a cost of $ 10 trillion .
Many methods of atmospheric engineering have been proposed .
Green and Galiana propose limiting carbon pricing initially to a low tax -LRB- say , $ 5.00 a ton -RRB- to finance energy research and development .
That is ten times more than is spent by governments now , but remains a fraction of the cost of the ineffective carbon cuts that have been proposed .
Some proposed climate-engineering technologies -- in particular , marine cloud-whitening technology -- could be cheap , fast , and effective . -LRB- Boats would spray seawater droplets into clouds above the oceans to make them reflect more sunlight back into space , reducing warming -RRB- .
But , for the same reason , efficiency rules often do meet with protest when they are used or proposed for rationing medical services in everyday medicine .
In the eyes of most Asian policymakers , the proposed contribution by the West , especially America , towards solving the problem is woefully inadequate .
China , questioning the wisdom of putting the fate of the world economy in the US dollar , has proposed the creation of a global currency .
These steps would precede concrete legal and constitutional reforms , such as those proposed by Hizb al ghad .
In the notorious Walser Debate of 1998 in Germany about the `` unbearable '' way Germans had been portrayed after the Holocaust , I proposed that every country should complement its monuments of heroism with monuments of shame to recall the wrong done to other countries , other peoples , and also to its own people .
Some years ago , I proposed that every country should add to its monuments to heroism some monuments to its national shame .
The Group suggested that its proposed policies could generate annual private flows of $ 100-200 billion .
I have studied policies of the type proposed by Bagehot in a way that allows me to compare them with deposit insurance schemes .
In this struggle , the mandarins are aligning themselves with the DPJ , at least to the general public 's eye , because it has proposed merging the Social Security Agency with the National Tax Agency , a move that would ensure government jobs for the former 's employees .
Likewise , his proposed regional community would be open in nature , and would welcome strong US involvement , although without formal US membership , on geographic grounds .
Unsurprisingly , as Koizumi 's reforms stalled , and as LDP governments under Prime Ministers Shinzo Abe , Yasuo Fukuda , and Taro Aso ran adrift , Ozawa-proposed wealth redistribution captured the hearts and minds not only of rural voters , but also of city dwellers displeased at the fraying social-safety net .
The DPJ suffered a bitter defeat in this summer 's upper-house election , after Kan abruptly proposed a significant increase in the highly unpopular consumption tax .
Venezuela 's President Hugo Chávez , for example , is using his country 's oil revenues to provide free literacy training and health care , to help alleviate the debts of his Argentinean and Ecuadorian neighbors , to forge energy alliances in Latin America and the Caribbean , and to propose a strategic rapprochement with the Andean countries .
To tie Europe closer to Africa , British Prime Minister Tony Blair even proposed eliminating the European Union 's agricultural subsidies under the Common Agricultural Policy .
Inside Thailand 's Hidden War LEEDS -- Thailand 's former prime minister , Chavalit Yongchaiyudh , recently ignited a furor when he proposed that the separatist campaign in his country 's Muslim-majority southern provinces might be solved politically , with a form of self-rule .
Europe 's Next Single Market The current European Commission has made clear its commitment to reducing bureaucratic red tape by adopting an approach to regulation that keeps the number of laws we propose to an absolute minimum .
That 's why I have proposed much tougher measures in the revised Capital Requirements Directive amendments now being considered by the European Parliament .
That is why I recently proposed a measure to provide firms with more flexibility on mark-to-market requirements and to facilitate asset transfer from the trading book to the banking book .
The term `` drug dependence '' was also redefined , to propose that loss of personal autonomy could never arise in a therapeutic setting .
Spain 's prime minister , José Zapatero , recently proposed similar standards for gender balance in business and politics .
Diplomats and policy analysts are generally agreed that key elements of the failed constitution will be rescued from the wreckage and turned into something along the lines of the `` mini-treaty '' that Nicolas Sarkozy , the front-runner in the French presidential race , proposed last autumn at a Friends of Europe meeting in Brussels .
The new `` Competitiveness Pact , '' proposed at the EU summit by France and Germany , did not make the same pretensions to global grandeur , but was instead sold as a step required to ensure the survival of the euro .
In August 1989 , I proposed in the Polish Diet a draft resolution apologizing to the Czechs and Slovaks for Polish involvement in the 1968 invasion .
France and the United Kingdom have introduced a temporary tax on financial-sector bonuses , and the United States government has proposed legislation envisaging a `` financial crisis responsibility fee '' to recover the costs of America 's Troubled Asset Relief Program .
Various candidates have been proposed for the role of globalization 's assassin .
Moreover , the proposed truck route between the Turkish Black Sea port of Trabzon and the Iranian port of Bandar Abbas has not yet materialized because of Iran 's hesitation .
Moreover , in 2009 , the Lebanese set World Trade Organization membership as a priority , and the proposed new free-trade agreement may not advance that goal .
A group of citizens would be able to `` invite '' the European Commission to propose new legislation .
Fair rather than free competition in trade is proposed , but what does this mean if member states are not able to reach consensus on how to make it happen ?
The ICNND report Eliminating Nuclear Threats , released late last year , proposes meeting these challenges with a comprehensive agenda for reducing nuclear risks .
The report consists of 20 proposals to be decided on at this year 's NPT review conference , and ends with proposed decisions to be taken after 2025 .
In addition , the report proposes a declaration by these states that the sole purpose of nuclear weapons is to deter others from their use , coupled with an obligation not to increase their stockpiles .
Moreover , even if they are found to be unlawful combatants , the First Additional Protocol of 1977 requires that they be afforded certain due process protections , which will not be available to those brought before the proposed military commissions .
But the roughly 240 detainees remain incarcerated without having been charged with any crime , and will still not get a fair trial , even under Obama 's proposed military commissions .
For example , the `` New International Information Order '' proposed by UNESCO in the 1970s would have helped authoritarian governments restrict freedom of the press .
The report proposes two alternatives .
On terrorism , they break the long UN impasse over finding a definition , condemning all attacks against civilians , and propose a number of measures that member states should take .
Former Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin , drawing on his personal experience with the Group of 20 finance ministers as well as the G-8 , has proposed a new informal grouping that he calls an `` L-20 , '' with the `` L '' signifying that it is restricted to leaders .
Of course , whether America can implement the available solutions is uncertain ; several commissions have proposed feasible plans to change America 's debt trajectory by raising taxes and cutting expenditures , but feasibility is no guarantee that they will be adopted .
Its reasoning seems to be that the proposed changes fall far short of what the Supreme Court 's case law demands , and that the ESM does not alter the EU 's essential scope or objectives .
The IMF 's proposed guidelines recommend that countries deploy capital-account regulations only as a last resort -- that is , after such measures as building up reserves , letting currencies appreciate , and cutting budget deficits .
For a decade , I have proposed that the IMF of the future should be seen as the apex of a network of regional reserve funds -- that is , a system closer in design to the European Central Bank or the United States Federal Reserve system .
In the recent IMF document , the Fund proposes a set of guidelines that countries should use for capital-account regulations -LRB- which they call `` capital-flow management measures , '' or CFMs -RRB- .
He would propose measures including , for example , cutting links between government and organized crime , and making it more difficult for bureaucrats to accept bribes .
Obasanjo 's latest move , his proposed `` National Political Reform Conference '' in March , is an attempt to steal the opposition 's thunder .
Government and commercial activities virtually ground to halt this spring as democracy activists , in alliance with politicians and lawmakers opposed to a third term , battled Obasanjo 's allies to thwart the proposed bill .
Medvedev 's proposed transatlantic security treaty would enshrine the principle of avoiding external force to resolve national disputes , which would rule out international intervention in the conflicts affecting the northern Caucasus , including Chechnya .
The proposed u-turn by the EU means that Mladic 's arrest and transfer to The Hague is no longer a condition for restarting talks .
But the recently House-passed Waxman-Markey bill proposes that the US only cut emissions by 3.6 % of 1990 baseline levels .
Immediately after the collapse of the Soviet Union , Turkey proposed the Black Sea Economic Cooperation .
Here , a vital step would be for the West to begin to envisage Iran as a potential alternative supplier of gas , by offering to link Iran to the proposed White Stream and Nabucco pipelines that are currently under development to bring Central Asian gas to Europe .
He or she must talk directly to the Arab League , whose proposed peace plan will require tough Israeli negotiation , but is a reasonable start to preventing future wars , including just wars .
On April 9 , when Peruvians elect a new President , they will choose between Ollanta Humala Tasso , a nationalist former army commander who proposes radical economic and social change , and Lourdes Flores Nano , who would maintain the country 's current neo-liberal policies .
Regardless of whether that promise is realistic , many consider her candidacy important for maintaining democratic continuity , whereas Ollanta Humala proposes to overhaul the political system by drafting a new constitution .
The eurozone 's dilemmas , and the pros and cons of proposed solutions , can be debated endlessly .
These `` wise men , '' advisers one and all to President Bill Clinton and other presidents , all seem to concede that the failure of the proposed Camp David accord in 2000 could not , after all , be laid solely at Arafat 's door . Former Israeli premier Ehud Barak should carry his share of the blame .
If you do n't believe me , just visit the West Bank and see , for example , how the proposed suburban Israeli development of East Jerusalem stabs through the heart of Palestinian territory towards the Dead Sea .
Appearing to speak without giving the issue much thought , Sarkozy initially proposed a club of European and mostly Arab states along the Mediterranean 's shore .
This is why most new members were ultimately willing to support Luxembourg 's proposed compromise , under which the budget would be only 1.06 % of the EU 's overall GDP and Great Britain 's annual rebate would be frozen at ¤ 4.6 billion .
Catherine Ashton , the EU 's vice-president and high representative for foreign affairs and security policy , has proposed a Partnership for Democracy and Shared Prosperity with the Southern Mediterranean , which contains a host of useful measures , including facilitation of visas for students , academics , and business people .
To be sure , the EU 's lengthy internal crisis over the proposed constitution was a major distraction , and damaged the Union 's reputation in the Balkans .
To create more jobs in the economy , I proposed that governments establish a class of banks that would acquire the lost art of financing investment projects in the business sector -- the type of financing the old `` merchant '' banks did so well a century ago .
The latest view , endorsed by the European Commission , blames a shortage of infrastructure and proposes more bridges and tunnels .
The Fund should propose a conceptual framework for the discussions to be held on exchange-rate problems by providing an objective assessment of the adjustments that are needed , and by facilitating settlement within the multilateral framework .
The resolution was originally proposed by the 56-nation Organization of the Islamic Conference -LRB- OIC -RRB- , and was put to the Human Rights Council by Pakistan .
In May 1984 , after I authored a book about the consequences of military attacks on nuclear facilities , an Israeli intelligence officer came to California to question me about the vulnerability of the reactor and a proposed nuclear power plant .
Indeed , about a dozen Middle East and North African countries propose to build nuclear power plants .
But , even were a revived Franco-American effort to succeed in getting the UN organ to endorse targeted penalties to hamstring the financial underpinnings of the Revolutionary Guards and other Iranian elites , the proposed measures appear to be too modest . They arguably add little to three prior sanction resolutions that ban the export of nuclear and ballistic-missile technology and conventional arms , and that freeze the assets and travel of a handful of Iranian officials .
The Philippine government has proposed that half of all scheduled debt payments be withheld for a specified period , to be invested in reforestation , clean water , housing , food production , primary healthcare , sanitation , basic education , farm-to-market roads , ecologically sound tourism , micro-finance , and related MDG projects .
But there is a major obstacle to easing tensions : the proposed $ 6.5 billion sale by the United States to Taiwan of 30 Apache attack helicopters and 330 Patriot missiles .
All three parties involved will need to tread with care to make certain that the thaw in China-Taiwan relations is not set back by this proposed arms deal .
Ever since 1994 , when Vietnam 's President Le Duc Anh held the presidency of ASEAN , I have proposed to ASEAN leaders that the Spratlys be demilitarized as a first step toward building trust .
Perhaps because he was Swedish , he proposed setting coal mines on fire to speed it up , since he thought a warmer climate was an excellent idea .
I propose a new policy solution that would support the whole but not the parts .
To deepen this set of our values , to test to what extent they are shared is the necessary condition for generating new values and for giving our Union the identity and cohesion that will one day permit us to propose Europe 's secular values to the rest of the world .
Under Obama 's proposed new rules , the Fed will have even larger responsibilities , and will be charged with averting financial crises and ensuring that banks are not taking on too much risk .
The Obama administration 's proposed measures would simply create `` regulatory confusion , '' one of them complained .
Is the IMF , the member of the UN family charged to maintain global financial stability , really so evil or misguided that it can only propose policies that inflict economic pain instead of alleviating it ?
But it would be a terrible mistake simply to super-size the IMF in its current guise by greatly scaling up its lending facilities , as many propose .
And what about the second tax proposed by the IMF , on banks ' profits and bonuses ?
It is a huge embarrassment for US President Barack Obama that he proposed -- admittedly under pressure from the Republican opposition -- to expand offshore oil drilling greatly just before the BP catastrophe struck .
Carmen Reinhart and I proposed this moniker in our 2009 book This Time is Different , based on our diagnosis of the crisis as a typical deep financial crisis , not a typical deep recession .
That seems to be the thinking behind the European Commission 's proposed financial transactions tax -LRB- FTT -RRB- -- the Commission 's latest response to Europe 's festering growth and financing problems .
Indeed , the European Commission estimates that its proposed tax of only 0.1 % on stock and bond trades , and 0.01 % tax on derivatives , will raise more than ¤ 50 billion per year .
Even the best part of the plan , the proposed -LRB- but not really agreed -RRB- 50 % haircut for private-sector holders of Greek sovereign debt , is not sufficient to stabilize that country 's profound debt and growth problems .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy , as one of his first initiatives , proposed a ban on `` golden parachutes '' for departing managers of firms traded on the stock exchange , in order to halt the practice of taking huge severance payments without the consent of shareholders .
In Poland , where for many years such practices have been considered criminal , a proposed law would require full financial transparency for politicians and high state functionaries .
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , for his part , has proposed lifting the immunity that past prime ministers enjoyed in connection with the sale of peerages .
`` Who else is in a position to say such things to Iran 's president ? '' asked a top Brazilian diplomat by way of justifying a dialogue that has been sharply criticized by Brazil 's Jewish community , which is emphatically opposed to Lula 's proposed trip to Teheran , scheduled for May .
The exchange rate criterion could be assessed later on the basis of a narrower band , as the European Commission proposes , although a limit of 6 % fluctuation on either side of the central parity seems more reasonable than 2.25 % .
Waiting until 2013 to implement these restructurings , as German Chancellor Angela Merkel proposes , will destroy confidence , as it implies a much larger haircut on residual private claims on sovereign borrowers .
Nevertheless , the extent of US cooperation with the ICC has exceeded even the constructive role that the Obama administration had proposed .
Rather than focusing on sanctions , the major powers would do much better to work with Sudan 's government to propose and help to finance long-term development strategies .
The Spanish Government rightly proposed that true solutions to poverty require simultaneous investments in health , education , agriculture , and infrastructure , and then the Spanish put up the funds to help make that integrated vision a practical reality .
Otherwise , proposed legislation can be killed , even if it has the support of a simple majority .
He should propose a sound strategy over the next 20 years for reducing America 's dependence on fossil fuels , converting to electric vehicles , and expanding non-carbon energy sources such as solar and wind power .
The government proposes to equip these villages with the basic infrastructure and services they need to take off economically .
As soon as he was re-elected , Bush started to propose cuts in popular government programs , but his own party is rejecting those cuts .
An accord between Syria and Israel is a key element of all proposed scenarios for Arab-Israeli peace .
To date only a proposed ASEAN-China FTA has got off the starting blocks . Similar initiatives are afoot in Northeast Asia .
I also propose that a precise `` road map '' toward a common foreign policy on energy be created , which would indicate short - , medium - , and long-term objectives , together with a specific timeframe for their implementation .
The West should also recognize that the constituencies of Hezbollah and its allied , largely Christian , Free Patriotic Movement , led by presidential contender Michel Aoun , will be hit hardest by many of Siniora 's proposed economic and administrative reforms , such as lifting fuel subsidies and sharply raising value added tax .
The NATO Response Force will soon achieve its initial operational capability , and our new Multinational Defense Battalion to deal with chemical , biological , radiological and nuclear threats is already fully operational - all ideas proposed by the United States , and implemented rapidly by the alliance .
In response , politicians propose various job retraining or education programs , but rarely confront the real long-term issues .
This is an important reason why the proposed European Research Council is a good idea .
In my 2003 book The New Financial Order , I proposed that such units be called `` baskets , '' since a consumer price index is the price of a representative market basket of goods and services .
The idea was first proposed by Robert Z. Lawrence and Robert Litan in their 1986 book , Saving Free Trade , and revived in a 2001 article by Litan and Lori Kletzer .
In my 2003 book , New Financial Order : Risk in the 21st Century , I proposed a different idea , which I called `` livelihood insurance . ''
Hyun Song Shin of Princeton University proposed a theory of excess liquidity in a paper with Tobias Adrian that he presented last month at the Bank for International Settlements in Brunnen , Switzerland .
Recession Insurance NEW HAVEN -- The Chief Economist of the International Monetary Fund , Olivier Blanchard , and several IMF economists have proposed in a recent paper that governments should offer what they call `` recession insurance . ''
In a recent paper , Mark Kamstra and I proposed that governments issue shares in their GDP , with each share amounting to a trillionth of GDP .
A news story in 2003 reported , for example , that Australian Secretary to the Treasury Ken Henry had warned of a `` housing bubble '' there , but then quickly tried to withdraw his comment , saying that it was `` not for quotation outside of this room . '' He did earlier this year finally propose new tax policy to slow the still-continuing Australian housing bubble , but now he ca n't get his government to implement it .
My Canadian colleague Mark Kamstra and I have proposed issuing shares called `` trills , '' which would pay a dividend each year equal to a trillionth of that year 's GDP , in domestic currency .
But the US Congress might well cry `` appeasement '' if Obama dared to propose engaging -- and changing -- North Korea in this way .
Russia 's Renegade Puppet MOSCOW -- Ramzan Kadyrov , the president of Chechnya , recently proposed to Ahmed Zakaev , a leader of the nationalistic and comparatively moderate Chechen opposition , that he return to Chechnya .
Indeed , three years ago , a group of scientists led by Derek Wildman proposed , in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , that chimpanzees have been shown to be so close to humans genetically that they should be included in the genus Homo .
Savulescu proposes that instead of trying to detect whether an athlete has taken drugs , we should focus on measurable indications of whether an athlete is risking his or her health .
In Poland , for example , proposed new legislation would drastically restrict its availability .
A readers ' poll in the Sydney Morning Herald showed 96 % opposed to those proposed measures , and only 2 % in support .
It also published a list of Web sites that the Australian government proposed blocking , the extreme-right British National Party 's membership roll , an analysis of a major Icelandic bank 's default risk , and video footage of a US helicopter attack in Baghdad that killed 12 people , including a Reuters journalist and photographer .
Last month , in a Manhattan court , Judge Denny Chin rejected that proposed settlement , in part because it would have given Google a de facto monopoly over the digital versions of so-called `` orphan '' books -- that is , books that are still in copyright , but no longer in print , and whose copyright ownership is difficult to determine .
Robert Darnton , Director of the Harvard University Library , has proposed an alternative to Google 's plans : a digital public library , funded by a coalition of foundations , working in tandem with a coalition of research libraries .
The transitional independent privatization agency proposed by Jean-Claude Juncker for paying the Greek debt is not a good idea .
They began to expand their welfare state , pushing the government 's share in GDP from 39 % to 49 % and welcoming union-proposed double-digit wage increases .
Taking his cue from Paul Volcker , a former chairman of the US Federal Reserve , President Barack Obama has proposed a modern form of Glass-Steagall .
Such proposed solutions assume that regulators will be able to identify excess risks , prevent banks from manipulating the regulations , resist political pressure to leave the banks alone , and impose controversial corrective measures `` that will be too complicated to defend in public . ''
In April 2009 , Zhou Xiaochuan , Governor of the People 's Bank of China , proposed the creation of a `` super-sovereign reserve currency '' to remove the `` inherent risks '' of credit-based national reserve currencies .
The US Federal Reserve now proposes to stimulate the American economy by printing more money -- a second round of -LRB- quantitative easing , or QE2 -RRB- , to the tune of $ 600 billion .
The variant proposed by Warren , and followed by FDR in 1933 , was to raise the price at which the government bought gold from the mint .
While today 's proposed pay restrictions are unlikely to stop the next financial crisis , they are likely to damage the financial sector .
The draft was a sugarcoated version of a previous text , proposed last June .
Osborne has proposed ending payments to families with incomes in the highest tax bracket -- the opening shot in a campaign that could end up transforming the entire welfare system by reducing benefits handed to the middle and upper class .
In terms of remedies , the Socialists do not offer anything more than the Keynesian solutions that are now being proposed by the right .
That is what the French propose , but that is not what is going to happen .
What I propose is novel : it would leverage the IMF 's $ 30 billion loan to Brazil tenfold -LRB- and set a useful precedent -RRB- .
To this end , I proposed an annual issue of Special Drawing Rights -LRB- SDR -RRB- that rich countries would donate for international assistance .
To understand what is happening , we need a new paradigm . It is available in the theory of reflexivity , which I first proposed 20 years ago in my book The Alchemy of Finance .
Paulson reversed again and proposed a systemic rescue .
It is too late to agree on issuing SDRs at the upcoming G-20 meeting , but if it were proposed by President Barack Obama and endorsed in principle by the majority of participants , it would be sufficient to give heart to the markets and make the meeting a resounding success .
I propose that the developed countries -- in addition to establishing a fast-start fund of $ 10 billion a year -- band together and lend $ 100 billion dollars worth of these SDRs for 25 years to a special green fund serving the developing world .
I further propose that member countries agree to use the IMF 's gold reserves to guarantee the interest payments and repayment of the principal .
The proposed green fund would meet this requirement .
These technical difficulties stood in the way of previous attempts to put the SDRs to practical use , but they do not apply to the proposed green fund .
The Senate Agriculture Committee proposes blocking deposit-taking banks from making markets in swaps .
To implement these principles , I propose the following measures :
I propose to reverse this order of preference : countries should be allowed to enforce their higher national standards on imported as well as domestic goods , unless a WTO sponsored panel of experts finds that such domestic standards should be prohibited or simply are unnecessary .
Financial support for Wall Street villains infuriated many , but no one proposed a better alternative at the time -- or has since .
In fairness , the new rule proposed by former US Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker to separate financial intermediation from proprietary trading is not a bad idea .
Some have proposed establishing a new institution for crisis management , which would most likely require a treaty change .
The head of the Central Electoral Commission has now proposed that members of the local public join election officials and administrators in compiling the lists .
Both President Bush and the European Union have proposed bold democratization initiatives in the region .
And now , with the US House of Representatives having rejected the Bush administration 's proposed $ 700 billion bailout plan , it is also obvious that there is no consensus on how to fix it .
To be sure , the rescue plan that was just defeated was far better than what the Bush administration originally proposed .
Many of the governance reforms proposed for the IMF and the World Bank -- affecting , most obviously , how their heads are chosen -- finally seem to be on the table .
One proposed solution is for these countries to engineer the equivalent of a devaluation -- a uniform decrease in wages .
Whether one agrees with the recent proposals made by Ann Krueger , the IMF 's deputy managing director , is not the issue : the fact is that the IMF now recognizes the potential conflict of interest , and has proposed alternative procedures that might deal with the problem .
Capitalist economies are not self-adjusting : market forces might eventually restore an economy of full employment , as Keynes said , but in the long run we are all dead . Keynes proposed clear prescriptions for hard economic times : expansionary monetary and fiscal policy .
Eventually , even the almighty American consumer will be shaken and realize that he is poorer today than three years ago and that he better start putting money away for his retirement , especially given Bush 's proposed risky experiments with the social security system .
Opposition to the reforms they propose is usually dismissed as `` populist . ''
Some new trade and investment agreements under discussion propose to go further , allowing domestic laws , whatever their merits , to be set aside in order to promote international flows of goods and services .
It would be a move somewhat similar to that contemplated in the US by the Clinton administration , which proposed a tax on billionaires who surrendered their citizenship in order to avoid taxation .
Nigeria has proposed creating stabilization funds , and , in the future , it will sell its natural resources in transparent , competitive bidding processes .
The main question is whether privatizing pension systems , as President George W. Bush has proposed for Social Security in the United States , would solve the problem or merely make matters worse .
It is possible that to reduce these transactions costs , Bush will propose restricting choice , which was the main argument for privatization in the first place .
He proposes diverting almost a third of the Social Security tax to private accounts .
Indeed , President Clinton proposed doing just that .
The report proposes an agenda whose cost would be equivalent to just 1 % of annual consumption , but would save the world risk equivalent costs that are five times greater .
Here are some of the questions -- with some hints at right and wrong answers -- that it should ask any proposed candidate for the Bank 's presidency , including Bush 's nominee , Robert Zoellick :
When the OECD proposed an agreement to restrict bank secrecy , the Bush administration vetoed that initiative , too .
Yet , no one has proposed an acceptable set of principles for assigning emission rights .
Germany and France have proposed a system with two elected presidents -- a Council president elected by its members and a Commission president elected by the European Parliament .
Early on , the government proposed legislation to increase labor market flexibility and relax constraints on firing rules .
But its strategy of dividing the trade unions failed and some of the proposed legislation was eventually withdrawn .
It is only the government that steadfastly refuses to intervene in the debate or propose any action .
More worrying is a proposed law that strengthens the oligopolistic power of Berlusconi 's television and advertising corporations while weakening the public television service .
Indeed , a powerful component of the Berlusconi coalition , the Northern League , staunchly opposes a core component of the proposed reform -- abolition of early retirement -- because ending early retirement is contrary to workers ' interests in the North , where the party has its electoral base .
By contrast , the proposed restrictions on the visa-waiver program include `` safeguard clauses '' that would temporarily suspend access to Europe 's Schengen area , most likely for those from Balkan countries .
ASEAN has been the hub for Asian regionalism , but some in Australia have proposed focusing only on the larger countries .
This was proposed late in the Bush administration in order to forge links with some ASEAN members -- Singapore , Vietnam , and Brunei -- as well as others across the Pacific .
A good place to start is an idea supported by French Socialist leader Dominique Strauss-Kahn , who has proposed that 0.25 % of Europe 's GDP be dedicated to research and used to create a European Agency for Research .
The UN is setting up a Democracy Fund to increase assistance for building democracy , and we have proposed establishing a Peace-Building Commission to help countries move from war to durable peace .
During the referendum campaign in France preceding the vote on the draft EU Constitutional Treaty , the proposed directive was vilified as undermining the rights of labor , symbolized by that dreaded bogeyman , the `` Polish plumber . ''
Importantly , many of the measures proposed by the president are similar to those recommended by Navalny : removing government officials from the boards of state-owned companies ; ensuring access to corporate documents for minority shareholders ; and developing a way to respond to whistle-blowers on corruption .
Finally , the ECB has proposed a reform of the voting mechanism in its Governing Council , introducing a cap on the number of voting members .
The proposed Baltic Sea pipeline , which would bring gas to Germany directly from Russia , bypassing Poland , Ukraine , the Baltic states , and the rest of Central Europe , is dangerous in this regard , because it may allow Gazprom the freedom to cut gas supplies to customers without endangering supplies to its favored western markets .
Russia , by wielding the threat of its Security Council veto , spent much of the past two years whittling away the proposed list of sanctions that might be slapped on Iran for its refusal to honor its commitments to the International Atomic Energy Agency over its nuclear program .
That is exactly what is going on in Ukraine , where President Leonid Kuchma proposes to junk our presidential system and replace it with a strange type of parliamentary system he has concocted .
The proposed `` united economic space '' will also have its own norms - the ways of the oligarch , the corrupt bureaucrat , the crony capitalist , and the politically motivated prosecutor .
Because the proposed members of this new `` united economic space '' share Russian as a lingua franca and a common past within the USSR , outsiders may dismiss too readily subtler differences in culture , outlook , and even vocabulary .
The National School Board is , in principle , instructed to approve an application if the proposed school is likely to fulfill the national goals and has a solid financial base .
The proposed Union of South American Nations -LRB- Unasur -RRB- , like the South American Defense Council , is part of a Brazilian regional strategy to encourage cooperation within Latin America in order to counterbalance the power of the United States and act as a mediator in regional disagreements .
Finally , Ecuador 's president , Rafael Correa , some time ago proposed an Organization of Latin American States to replace the Organization of American States -LRB- OAS -RRB- .
Such initiatives should not become bogged down in tortuous negotiations , but should focus on implementing the basic principles for a two-state solution , along the lines proposed by the Clinton administration before it left office eight years ago .
We propose changing the status quo by allowing these countries to take a rotating seat at the G-20 table .
Internal emails reveal that a US legal counselor inside the IDB proposed to the US Treasury Department that , though the loans faced no legitimate technical obstacles , the US could effectively block them by `` slowing '' the process .
For example , the United Kingdom 's Independent Commission on Banking -LRB- ICB -RRB- has proposed ring-fencing retail activities from investment-banking activities in separately capitalized divisions of a bank holding company .
Psychiatry 's Conceptual Malpractice NEW YORK -- The American Psychiatric Association 's recent proposed changes to its official diagnostic manual -- the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders -LRB- `` DSM '' -RRB- , often called the `` bible of psychiatry '' -- may discredit psychiatric diagnosis more than improve it .
Yet the psychiatrists who formulated the DSM-5 's proposed changes are not trained in conceptual analysis , and , though amply forewarned , they have addressed the normal-versus-disordered issue in an unsystematic , ad hoc manner .
Consider the following proposed new disorders :
Other proposed DSM-5 changes open the door to future abuses .
The DSM-5 proposes to eliminate the weak `` abuse '' category , but only by combining its misconceived criteria with current dependence criteria to form a unified `` substance use disorder '' category , and reducing the number of symptoms needed for diagnosis from three to two .
By contrast , the DSM-5 proposes to eliminate the bereavement exclusion .
Although UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon pressed the UN Security Council to move rapidly to authorize the proposed joint force , member governments remain deadlocked over its mandate .
With the encouragement of Sudan 's government , China and Russia have thus far blocked a resolution sponsored by Britain and France that would allow the proposed hybrid force `` to use all necessary means '' to protect humanitarian workers and other civilians .
Scientists have proposed various ways to deflect an asteroid away from the Earth .
Russian officials have expressed some interest in these projects -LRB- some of which were originally proposed by the Kremlin -RRB- , but they have insisted on first achieving consensus with the US on underlying strategic principles .
One hopeful sign is that Russian officials have recently acknowledged the impracticality of the sectoral BMD plan that Medvedev proposed at last November 's NATO-Russian Council summit .
It should , however , foster a culture of consultation with industry as a necessary dimension of legitimacy , which implies more transparent approaches to considering the market impact of proposed standards .
Some of us have proposed expanded equations that unify the different forces .
It should consider linking the opening of the Nord Stream pipeline , which would allow Russia to cut off gas to Poland and Ukraine while maintaining deliveries to Germany , to the opening of the proposed `` White Stream '' pipeline to bring gas from Azerbaijan directly to Ukraine via Georgia , bypassing Russia .
As Barack Obama submits to the pressures of a US Department of Defense in which private contractors comprise 65 % of the staffing budget , proposes preventive detention of Guantánamo detainees , and perpetuates the status quo in myriad other ways , her question -- `` So how 's that whole hopey-changey thing workin ' out for ya ? '' -- is not the wrong question .
The plan 's proposed congestion charge on automobile use during peak times in certain parts of the city would reduce traffic and generate revenue that would go toward improving public transportation .
Following that failed attack , US President Barack Obama and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown jointly pushed a conference in London to propose solutions for the previously overlooked crises in Yemen .
For months , wise and responsible people had exhorted Israel to accept the ceasefire that the Hamas leadership in Gaza had proposed .
With this in mind , I propose a situational perspective for heroism , just as I do for evil : the same situation that can inflame the hostile imagination and evil in some of us can inspire the heroic imagination in others .
As if rescuing the big insurer AIG and prohibiting all short selling of financial stocks was not enough , now US Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson proposes buying up -LRB- with taxpayers ' money -RRB- the distressed assets of the financial sector .
After the sub-prime mortgage crisis , politicians alleged that the market was short-sighted and irrational , and rushed to propose new regulations .
