Some of the rules that it proposes are unenforceable -- and thus merely a source of red tape for migrants and their employers that would require huge public bureaucracies to administer .
Similarly , the Paper proposes that the self-employed should be admitted after an evaluation of their business plans .
Then Bucharest 's mayor , Traian Basescu , proposes a plan to control the dogs : the city government will put to sleep any dog without an owner .
Gutierrez , following CONAIE 's lead , has called the FTAA `` suicide '' and proposes strengthening ties with the Andean Community and with Brazil and Venezuela , who are also skeptical of the FTAA .
The centerpiece of his domestic agenda is a health-care plan that will cost more than a trillion dollars over the next decade , and that he proposes to finance by reducing waste in the existing government health programs -LRB- Medicare and Medicaid -RRB- without reducing the quantity and quality of services .
Although the top rate has climbed back to near 40 % , no one proposes a return to pre-Reagan levels .
But public opinion in a number of countries now seems to be turning against democracy , argues Bronislaw Geremek , Poland 's former foreign minister , and proposes ways in which this trend might be reversed .
Sarkozy , for example , proposes to establish a ministry of immigration and national identity .
Let 's focus instead on what may happen if the law changes as the referendum proposes .
On the other hand , the National Security Council proposes `` scaling down the size of defense forces , '' implying mitigation of the will to defend .
The Bush vision of diplomacy proposes a world that is both lawless and arbitrary .
The ICNND report Eliminating Nuclear Threats , released late last year , proposes meeting these challenges with a comprehensive agenda for reducing nuclear risks .
In addition , the report proposes a declaration by these states that the sole purpose of nuclear weapons is to deter others from their use , coupled with an obligation not to increase their stockpiles .
The report proposes two alternatives .
In the recent IMF document , the Fund proposes a set of guidelines that countries should use for capital-account regulations -LRB- which they call `` capital-flow management measures , '' or CFMs -RRB- .
But the recently House-passed Waxman-Markey bill proposes that the US only cut emissions by 3.6 % of 1990 baseline levels .
On April 9 , when Peruvians elect a new President , they will choose between Ollanta Humala Tasso , a nationalist former army commander who proposes radical economic and social change , and Lourdes Flores Nano , who would maintain the country 's current neo-liberal policies .
Regardless of whether that promise is realistic , many consider her candidacy important for maintaining democratic continuity , whereas Ollanta Humala proposes to overhaul the political system by drafting a new constitution .
The latest view , endorsed by the European Commission , blames a shortage of infrastructure and proposes more bridges and tunnels .
The exchange rate criterion could be assessed later on the basis of a narrower band , as the European Commission proposes , although a limit of 6 % fluctuation on either side of the central parity seems more reasonable than 2.25 % .
Waiting until 2013 to implement these restructurings , as German Chancellor Angela Merkel proposes , will destroy confidence , as it implies a much larger haircut on residual private claims on sovereign borrowers .
The government proposes to equip these villages with the basic infrastructure and services they need to take off economically .
Savulescu proposes that instead of trying to detect whether an athlete has taken drugs , we should focus on measurable indications of whether an athlete is risking his or her health .
The US Federal Reserve now proposes to stimulate the American economy by printing more money -- a second round of -LRB- quantitative easing , or QE2 -RRB- , to the tune of $ 600 billion .
The Senate Agriculture Committee proposes blocking deposit-taking banks from making markets in swaps .
He proposes diverting almost a third of the Social Security tax to private accounts .
The report proposes an agenda whose cost would be equivalent to just 1 % of annual consumption , but would save the world risk equivalent costs that are five times greater .
That is exactly what is going on in Ukraine , where President Leonid Kuchma proposes to junk our presidential system and replace it with a strange type of parliamentary system he has concocted .
The DSM-5 proposes to eliminate the weak `` abuse '' category , but only by combining its misconceived criteria with current dependence criteria to form a unified `` substance use disorder '' category , and reducing the number of symptoms needed for diagnosis from three to two .
By contrast , the DSM-5 proposes to eliminate the bereavement exclusion .
As Barack Obama submits to the pressures of a US Department of Defense in which private contractors comprise 65 % of the staffing budget , proposes preventive detention of Guantánamo detainees , and perpetuates the status quo in myriad other ways , her question -- `` So how 's that whole hopey-changey thing workin ' out for ya ? '' -- is not the wrong question .
As if rescuing the big insurer AIG and prohibiting all short selling of financial stocks was not enough , now US Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson proposes buying up -LRB- with taxpayers ' money -RRB- the distressed assets of the financial sector .
