With rare bipartisan agreement , the Bush administration is proposing a substantial increase in benefits for the elderly .
At the same time , a recent `` white paper '' produced by a working group headed by the IMF 's former boss , Michel Camdessus , which was charged with proposing the type of structural reforms needed to achieve growth , was received with the usual outcry from trade unions .
Concerned that cutting spending might lose him votes , Berlusconi is proposing a tax cut of less that 0.3 % of GDP -- and one that is partly to be financed by other levies .
Annan rejected both demands , proposing that Dallaire make the informant 's identity known to Rwandan President Habyarimana , a Hutu , even though the informant had expressly named the President 's closest entourage as the authors of the genocide blueprint .
The government recently called for more balanced development , even proposing a `` green index '' to measure growth .
Nuclear Disarmament and Neighborhood Bullies MADRID -- Twenty-five years ago , at a summit in Rejkjavik , Iceland , US President Ronald Reagan stunned the world and his Soviet counterpart , Mikhail Gorbachev , by proposing global and comprehensive elimination of all nuclear weapons .
The European Defense Agency has a very important role to play in proposing and running programs to address these shortfalls .
In proposing the creation of NAPU , we envision a specific plan to create a larger market by fostering an alliance between the three economies .
But it is not reasonable to do so by proposing a cure that is worse than the disease .
Then , in May of this year , Lula teamed up with Turkey in proposing a deal with Iran on its nuclear program , which the latter nominally accepted but the rest of the world did not .
C.H. Tung , Hong Kong 's Chief Executive , began his second term last year by proposing new security laws , causing a few news blips of worry .
But Blair , beset by controversy over the unpopular and possibly illegal war in Iraq , thought he could avoid trouble at Westminster by postponing ratification until 2006 -LRB- that is , a comfortably long time in the future -RRB- , and proposing that it be carried out by popular referendum .
A little more than a decade ago , Lloyd Bentsen , President Bill Clinton 's first Treasury Secretary , tried to ensure precisely that , proposing to use a `` BTU tax '' to close America 's fiscal deficit .
So why is the Bush administration spending time and energy proposing radical changes to the Social Security System as its signature domestic policy initiative -- indeed , as virtually its only policy initiative ?
He appears to be proposing further tax cuts that promise to cost the United States Treasury some $ 300 billion a year , to `` offset '' them with cuts in earmarked spending accounted for at $ 3 billion a year , and somehow to balance the budget .
Yet these policies are political losers now : nobody is proposing more stimulus .
No one is proposing to renationalize industries or to take back that housing .
Moreover , the World Trade Organization 's Doha Round of global trade negotiations desperately needs to be concluded , and the EU has made a number of positive moves in this direction by proposing vast changes to its export subsidies regime .
Paradoxically , the growing sense that a catastrophe has been averted has given rise to a growing demand for governments to cut public and social spending , and to refrain from proposing investment programs .
Instead of proposing reforms to the electorate and then implementing them on the strength of a clear democratic mandate , the few serious reforms in the past 20 years have been presented as being externally imposed -- mainly to comply with European Union requirements .
President Nestor Kirchner of Argentina is often portrayed as an anti-capitalist radical for proposing a `` haircut '' of over 90 % on the value of Argentina 's defaulted external debt .
But , having become much richer over the past three decades , China is now proposing to the world its own model of development -- and , indeed , of civilization .
The US is to reduce its deficit , with the surplus countries proposing sensible steps to bring down their surpluses in ways that support global growth .
In particular , emphasizing a `` shift to more assertive diplomacy , '' Abe 's policy speech cited Japan 's initiative in proposing sanctions against North Korea to the United Nations Security Council , and its success in overseeing -- through close coordination with the United States and other countries -- the resolution 's unanimous adoption .
South Korean President Lee Myung-bak has wisely begun to prepare for that contingency by proposing a special `` Unification Tax '' to help pay the costs of the Kim dynasty 's eventual disintegration .
So two large groups of physicists -- one concentrated around the Brookhaven and Jefferson National Laboratories in the United States , and the other around CERN in Geneva -- are proposing to restart the investigation of electron-proton interactions .
The Movement Towards Socialism -LRB- MAS -RRB- , led by the peasant leader Evo Morales , is proposing a state-led industrialization model based on gas revenues , part of which are also supposed to support small farming , petty traders , and artisans of all sorts .
So far , however , the NDP has missed every opportunity imaginable to gain popular support by proposing a reform program designed to bring real increases in public participation .
The EU Commission 's insistence on the need to target `` competitiveness '' means that it is proposing a supply-side solution for a demand-side problem .
As French president , he sought to circumvent that tide by proposing to the leaders of France 's African colonies a negotiated settlement for independence .
Already , many -LRB- former -RRB- politicians and economists -LRB- no prizes for guessing whence they mostly hail -RRB- are proposing that the EU issue its own sovereign debt , which would alleviate the problems of countries such as Greece and Italy .
Leaders must get the question right before proposing answers .
Now some voices in the United States and elsewhere are proposing military action against Iran .
Presumably , Blair is not proposing to the Palestinians the creation of a state before an agreement is reached on final borders .
If so , what are we in Europe proposing to do about it ?
Whether he is seeking to reform France 's judicial system , redrawing its administrative map , proposing a new alliance of Mediterranean countries , or seeming to end France 's ambiguous foreign policy of being both aligned and not aligned with the United States , Sarkozy is nothing if not ambitious .
Last but not least , the Bank needs to play a much bigger role in environmental issues and , in general , in promoting good international citizenship by both rich and poor countries . -LRB- Some of us have been proposing this for almost two decades . -RRB-
In the US , influential voices are proposing that the authorities respond to China 's massive accumulation of dollar reserves by selling an equivalent amount of dollars and buying an equivalent amount of renminbi .
A Born-Again CAP WAGENINGEN , NETHERLANDS -- Born in 1957 , the Common Agricultural Policy -LRB- CAP -RRB- is now more than 50 years old , and the European Commission is proposing what it calls a health check for its middle-aged child .
But none of the main leadership factions are proposing that the masses be consulted very much .
UN leadership will be instrumental to proposing and forging solutions to such daunting long-term global challenges .
Once again , Spain is proposing practical and innovative means to move from talk to action , specifically to help impoverished peasant farmers to get the tools , seeds , and fertilizer that they need to increase their farm productivity , incomes , and food security .
Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has similarly surged to the forefront of global problem solving , putting forward a bold action plan on climate change and proposing new and practical means to address the MDGs .
Australia put real money on the table for increased food production , along the lines that Spain is proposing .
With Spain 's leadership and United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon 's partnership , several donor governments are proposing to pool their financial resources so that the world 's poorest farmers can grow more food and escape the poverty trap .
After all , if China helps to resolve the stand-off between Pyongyang and Washington , Seoul , and Tokyo , what is to prevent these same countries from proposing initiatives to resolve the Taiwan Straits problem , the question of Tibetan autonomy , or the challenge of insurgent Muslims in Xinjiang ?
Obama 's approach to security is broader as well , proposing the `` three Ds '' -- defense , diplomacy , and development -- as indivisible parts of a whole .
Advocates of privatization claim to believe in markets , but they are proposing budget gimmickry that would move those losses off the books , as if markets could be easily fooled .
The Clinton administration had called for bold action as far back as 1993 , proposing what was in effect a tax on carbon emissions ; but an alliance of polluters , led by the coal , oil , and auto industries beat back this initiative .
