A critical factor in the Taliban 's revival was the haven that it found in the distant reaches of the Pakistan-Afghanistan border , and the support that it continued to receive from elements within Pakistan .
When a country reaches the point that it needs all its exports to service its national debt , and the size of the export sector is fixed , nothing is left to pay for imports .
Egyptians need only glance north , at the European debt crisis , to understand they should sort out their debt problem now , rather than waiting until it reaches Greek proportions .
Chile 's dignity now hinges on whether or not its legal system reaches the same conclusion .
Unless Obama reaches an uneasy understanding with Russia -- which would require revising post-Cold War strategic agreements -- the chances of imposing a tight sanctions regime on Iran are slim .
Once computers can handle natural languages with semantic precision , high-quality information will not need to become popular before it reaches the end user , unlike what is required by Web search today .
The point at which the economy stops growing is called the `` peak , '' and the point at which it stops contracting , the `` trough . '' The period from the point at which the economy starts to grow again until the point at which it reaches the previous peak is called the `` recovery . ''
Governments should fund R&D until it reaches the stage where private firms could appropriate -LRB- the bulk of -RRB- the benefit .
That is what she means when she preaches tolerance and mutual understanding .
It has instituted legal proceedings against Russia before both the International Court of Justice for alleged violations of the UN Convention on Racial Discrimination and the European Court of Human Rights for alleged breaches of Articles 2 -LRB- right to life -RRB- and 3 -LRB- prohibiting inhuman and degrading treatment -RRB- of the European Convention on Human Rights .
The answer is almost certainly yes , unless the parapolítica mess reaches him directly , or the US explicitly rejects the FTA and postpones or attaches conditions to renewal of funding for Plan Colombia .
The answer is almost certainly yes , unless the parapolítica mess reaches him directly , or the US explicitly rejects the FTA and postpones or attaches conditions to renewal of funding for Plan Colombia .
Is it willing to look the other way while a small nation destroys its democracy , violates human rights , and breaches its international covenants ?
Most of those in the top reaches of not only the civil service and the judiciary , but also politics , business , and academia used to be graduates of the famous grandes écoles .
Nout Wellink of the Dutch Central Bank has explicitly said that more disclosure would one day be needed as the ECB reaches maturity .
But in the real world , how consistent is it possible to be in responding to genocide and other mass atrocities , treaty breaches , border violations , or other serious trespasses against international law ?
For it to be useful , believers in scarce oil must be able to predict such things as the timing of the oil peak , the state of demand when oil production reaches it , and the pattern of decline .
The damage to German-Polish relations also goes beyond the spat between the two governments , and reaches deep into both German and Polish societies .
What is interesting and really new in the US administration 's recently announced policy is the way it reaches beyond Iraq , to deal with Iran , Syria , and the Gulf states .
In response to the recurrence of well-publicized and highly damaging scandals in recent years , many universities and some entire national research funding agencies now convene `` institutional review boards '' to deal with breaches of what has come to be known as `` research ethics . ''
Finally , the drug reaches the market , where it must be followed closely , because many adverse reactions are detected only with a large number of patients and after years of use .
Ironically , a recent trend reaches far into the past , to a traditional Japanese concept known as katachi , which is emerging as an international movement .
Pakistan 's western reaches are now a sanctuary for militias and terrorists that are moving in and out of Afghanistan .
Another sign will be the extent to which the newly elected leadership , which is likely to be largely the same as the current leadership , reaches out to real Sunni leaders .
The TTP has an estimated 30,000-35 ,000 adherents from all of Pakistan 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas , the near lawless regions where the writ of Pakistan 's government barely reaches .
For one thing , while Europe 's doctrine of social solidarity preaches fairness and equality , it masks an `` insiders ' society '' that is spectacularly unjust at the upper end of the income spectrum .
Through the spread of Chinese characters , the concept of ren and the Golden Rule spread throughout the vast Chinese-influenced area that reaches from Central Asia to Taiwan and from Korea to Singapore .
This money is distributed automatically to local governments , according to the model established by Morales 's predecessors , carrying resources to the farthest reaches of the country .
But it is not only local governments that have benefited ; through cash transfers created during the so called neo-liberal years , families have gained as well , most importantly through a universal and non-contributive old-age pension benefit given to persons over 60 , which reaches slightly more than 30 % of households .
To be exiled from this last refuge represents the most brutal decentering of his being , a burning that reaches all the way to the core of creativity .
History suggests that once an insurgency reaches `` critical mass , '' it takes a decade or more to eradicate it .
Serious breaches can result in reprimands or dismissals .
Development will take a long time , and the international community needs to explore better ways to make sure that help actually reaches the poor , but both prudence and a concern for soft power suggest that the US should take the lead .
But , even if overall Chinese GDP reaches parity with that of the US in the 2020 's , the two economies will not be equal in composition .
MAYNOOTH , IRELAND -- As the Greek financial drama reaches its sorry dénouement , another crisis looms for the European project -- this time in Germany , beginning with a case now before Germany 's Constitutional Court .
Unfortunately , unlike Western countries , we can not afford to wait until our per capita annual GDP reaches $ 10,000 before tackling our environmental problems .
Our experts predict that the environmental crisis will intensify to a critical stage by the time China 's per capita annual GDP reaches just $ 3,000 .
What may make sense in the vast open reaches of Texas will not necessarily work in rural France or Britain .
Poor people have had their incomes complemented with a monthly allowance under a conditional cash-transfer program called `` Bolsa Familia , '' which now reaches more than 12 million households .
The astronomer Carl Sagan suggested that the Voyager space probe capture an image of earth as it reached the outer reaches of our solar system . It did so , in 1990 , and Earth shows up in a grainy image as a pale blue dot .
Remuneration of company bosses now reaches 300 to 500 times the average salary of rank-and-file employees , up from 40 to one for the century and a half before 1980 .
Outgoing US Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan preaches flexibility as a way of dealing with globalization .
What Hindu scripture preaches this ?
The implications of this political sea change have not been entirely lost on Conservative parties -LRB- with some possible exceptions , such as the nether reaches of the British Tories -RRB- .
The US preaches `` good governance '' in the shadow of an unprovoked war , congressional bribery scandals , and windfalls for politically connected companies like Halliburton .
I do n't agree with that , but the cynicism that such a view reflects is alarming . It shows the nature of discussions at the highest reaches of the G-8 .
The officials stressed how the government has taken pains to ensure that the power grid and transportation network reaches every village in China .
Second , as these other fossil fuels take up the slack when oil production reaches a plateau or starts to decline , the effects of fossil fuels on the climate must be brought under control .
Not surprisingly , despite progress in recent decades , illiteracy remains at around 30 % on average , and in some Arab countries reaches 50 % and 60 % .
Serious Harm By Research The media , legislators , and other organizations often raise concerns about human-rights violations and ethical breaches in clinical research .
For example , the planned portion of the wall that reaches the settlement of Ariel , deep inside the West Bank , extends 15 kilometers inside Palestinian territories .
When a stock-market boom reaches historic proportions , a story always develops to rationalize it .
Popular images of past disasters are part of our folklore , often buried in the dim reaches of our memory , but re-emerging to trouble us from time to time .
That this should happen while developed nations waste hundreds of millions of tons of grain and soybeans by feeding them to animals , and obesity reaches epidemic proportions , undermines our claims to believe in the equal value of all human life .
Those elections were flawed . But only a small percent of the breaches were the result of deliberate manipulation .
And it reaches 40 % and over amongst those who drop out of school in the banlieues , which have become no-go zones of hopelessness .
But , as the so-called Comprehensive Peace Agreement -LRB- CPA -RRB- reaches its climax , the SPLM , based in the autonomous region of South Sudan , has abandoned all pretense that unity with the North and the government in Khartoum is either possible or desirable .
As a Buddhist , the Dalai Lama preaches non-attachment , self-realization , inner actualization , and non-violence ; as a Tibetan he is admired by a people fiercely attached to their homeland , with most seeking its independence from China and many determined to fight for it .
The world faces a long voyage before it reaches a low-carbon energy system .
Moreover , all motorists must respect the rules of the road , and anyone who breaches them must be held to account , and possibly penalized , because even one rogue driver will most likely cause a major pile-up if not stopped .
Yet the same EU members have failed to endow the European Commission with overall responsibility for holding member governments to their commitments and , where necessary , imposing penalties for breaches . This intergovernmental approach lay behind the Lisbon Agenda 's failure to deliver the results needed to make Europe more competitive and dynamic by 2010 , and the same shortcomings will bedevil its successor , the new `` Europe 2020 '' strategy .
With its pursuit of research into the farthest reaches of the universe -- deep space -- South Africa hopes to provide further proof that Africans can compete at all levels .
