Murder , kidnapping , and extortion have reached record heights .
In popular opinion , negotiations have reached a dead end .
Hamas does not share this view , and Palestinian reconciliation efforts have reached an impasse .
These are the issues on which final agreement now needs to be reached .
The Cyprus problem has reached a critical turning point , following a peace proposal put on the table by UN Secretary General Kofi Annan with a deadline impending at the end of February .
Finally , they reached the attic .
Carbon monoxide levels have reached crisis levels , at six times the maximum allowable concentration .
Despite the odds , Iraq 's daily output reached a post-invasion record of 2.5 million barrels in March .
In the absence of conditions for equitable negotiations , governments often deem the resulting contracts unfair -- thus dooming them to be breached at some point .
Having recognized its `` collective responsibility to mitigate the social impact of the crisis and minimize long-lasting damage to global potential , '' the group now needs to review how much support has reached or become accessible to developing countries .
`` The sub-prime crisis has n't yet reached the beaches of Copacabana , '' Finance Minister Guido Mantega recently proclaimed .
By last year , it had reached $ 1 trillion .
By March , it reached 26 % per year and continues to rise .
The other scenario is when the two sides have already engaged in bilateral peace talks , paid the domestic political price , and reached agreement on most issues , though some matters remain unresolved and threaten to derail the process .
After Anwar Sadat 's visit to Jerusalem in 1977 , Israel and Egypt negotiated for a year and reached agreement on most issues : peace , diplomatic relations , and full Israeli withdrawal from all occupied Egyptian territory in Sinai .
In 1993 , in secret bilateral negotiations in Norway -LRB- unknown to the Americans -RRB- , Israel and the PLO reached an agreement about mutual recognition and the creation of a provisional Palestinian Autonomous Authority .
Opening an impressive new page , Turkey reached out to Armenia ; softened its position on Cyprus ; tried to draw Iran into a positive dialogue with the West ; convinced Syria to settle the two countries ' simmering border dispute ; and , as a crowning achievement , launched peace talks between Syria and Israel under Turkish mediation .
Values must be the road that leads to what can not be reached by markets and institutions alone - the accession of Europe 's citizens to the European Union .
SINGAPORE -- Our ancestors preached it .
When Mubarak felt his power was slipping and reached out to his adversaries , he found disorganized opposition parties with little political experience and no support in society . They could not formulate coherent positions and practical demands .
During 2000-2007 , the top executives ' aggregate bonus compensation reached -LRB- in 2009 dollars -RRB- $ 300 million at Bear Stearns and $ 150 million at Lehman .
Foreign , mostly European , banks have entered these markets with unprecedented speed and force . These banks have increasingly reached out to more risky small - and medium-sized enterprises and helped people buy their own houses and start new businesses .
In its peace with Israel , Egypt reached its strategic objective of an alliance with the US .
The settlement reached with North Korea , whereby it will dismantle its nuclear program , and the Annapolis conference for an Israeli-Palestinian peace -- with the participation of Syria , a pivotal member of the region 's `` axis of evil '' -- are two key examples of this trend .
Indeed , while Hezbollah prospered under Syrian occupation , it never reached the extraordinary political power that it has today .
To the Israelis , Europe became the essayist Mario Andrea Rigoni 's `` old lady , who after she had allowed herself all sorts of liberties ... and a great number of horrors , would like , once she has reached the age of society , fatigue , and weakness , to see the world adapt itself to her needs for moderation , equity , and peace . ''
If it were not for the 1973 Yom Kippur War , Israel and Egypt would never have reached a peace settlement .
MADRID -- The Comprehensive Peace Agreement -LRB- CPA -RRB- that was reached in 2005 between mostly Christian southern Sudan and the country 's Muslim North , ended one of the bloodiest civil wars in modern times .
Yet it would be wrong to dwell excessively on current leaders ' weaknesses , for to do so presupposes that with different leaders at the helm , an Israeli-Palestinian agreement could be reached through bilateral negotiations .
Some reached peace agreements with the country 's neighbors ; others came very close -- and at least succeeded in conveying to the Arab world Israel 's commitment to reaching out to the region 's peoples .
Our Arab neighbors should never be trusted ; hence , as Jabotinski preached , the new Israeli nation must erect an Iron Wall of Jewish power to deter its enemies forever .
Adjusted for inflation , US military spending has reached its highest level since World War II .
In the early 1980 's , when US unemployment reached almost 11 % , many workers moved from the so-called Rust Belt -- the hardest-hit industrial area of the upper Midwest -- to other parts of the country .
This raises the old question about whether a currency union can work without a fiscal union , or at least stronger and more binding fiscal rules -LRB- the Maastricht deficit commitments are too easily breached -RRB- .
Once a verdict is reached in Dokubu 's trial , probably this summer , violence is expected to intensify .
The trouble reached the boiling point on October 7 , when Kurdish fighters killed 13 Turkish soldiers near Turkey 's border with Iraq .
We simply had reached the end of our endurance with the omnipresent and all-powerful communist apparatchiks who ruled in our workplaces , neighborhoods , even places of rest .
While a functioning democratic system and a vibrant media may have provided outlets for people to vent their frustration with the state of the economy and the quality of governance , the political elite now recognizes that many ingredients in the Pakistani situation were present in those Middle Eastern countries where street politics have reached the boiling point .
NEW YORK -- Twenty years ago , when the Berlin Wall was breached and the Soviet empire was collapsing , only die-hard believers in a communist utopia felt unhappy .
Remarkably for a Dutch politician -- and a minor one , at that -- news of Wilders 's antics has reached the world press .
Having `` absolved '' Serbia from the principal crime , the ICJ offered a sort of `` consolation prize '' to Bosnia , affirming that the killings in Srebrenica had the character of genocide -- a conclusion already reached by the ICTY .
If a United Nations-backed settlement is not reached by early December , the province 's majority Albanian population is likely to declare independence unilaterally -- a move that the United States has announced it may support .
Russia has breached Article 2 of the UN Charter , which enjoins member states to `` refrain in their international relations from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any state . ''
Traditionally a Mexican , Central American , and Caribbean matter , it has now reached Brazil , Colombia , Venezuela , Ecuador , and beyond . Every flight from Sao Paulo to Mexico City carries dozens of low-income Brazilians , who have already paid their pollero , or `` people-smuggler , '' to route them on from the Mexican capital to the northern border .
Although the Sandinista Front in Nicaragua did win a semi-legitimate election in 1984 , it had reached power five years earlier by overthrowing the Somoza dictatorship .
According to the US government 's International Narcotics Control Strategy Report -LRB- INCSR -RRB- , opium , heroin , and marijuana seizures have decreased since Calderón began his drug war , and drug production in Mexico is on the rise . In 2008 , according to the US State Department , potential heroin production reached 18 metric tons , up from 13 metric tons in 2006 , as production of opium gum rose to 149 metric tons , from 110 metric tons .
With a few minor exceptions , migration is internal to the region , and a modus vivendi has been reached with the drug trade , mainly coca leaf and cocaine in Bolivia , Peru , and Colombia .
In most of these countries , democratic development has not yet reached a point where a change in government is a routine part of political life and can take place without risking the country 's stability .
Having earlier preached the gospel of its `` peaceful rise , '' China no longer is shy about showcasing its military capabilities and asserting itself on multiple fronts .
Having earlier preached the gospel of its `` peaceful rise , '' China is now beginning to take the gloves off , convinced that it has acquired the necessary muscle .
Bilateral trade turnover reached $ 50 billion in 2003 , and Taiwanese took almost four million trips to the mainland .
This meant that his image if not his words reached out to millions who do not belong to his church .
Democracy was not just preached but practiced , and it could build on German traditions .
A process that had begun with the Enlightenment had now reached the point at which `` anything goes . ''
When their absorptive capacities are reached , natural systems are liable to collapse into unproductive states .
In the UK , the profits of financial intermediaries , which had averaged around 1.5 % of the whole economy 's profits in the 1970 's , reached 15 % in 2008 .
The political process has now reached a phase at which areas of convergence are emerging .
The defining moment came with the Wassenaar agreement of that year -- a pact between employers and trade unions , reached with the active encouragement of government .
True , inward FDI reached about $ 70 billion in 2006 , but this is below the 1998-1999 peak , and a large share came from Latin American firms investing in neighboring countries , whereas inflows from Europe and the United States have fallen .
At its peak in the 1970 's , and again in the 1990 's , Latin America 's share of total global FDI reached 17 % .
If no deal to raise the debt ceiling is reached by August 3 , interest rates on United States Treasury bonds could spike , or they could remain stable , as investors decide they have other problems to worry about .
By contrast , George W. Bush 's administration took office with stunningly good cards : a budget in substantial surplus , a trend of rapid productivity growth as the information-technology revolution reached critical mass , and a very low `` natural '' rate of unemployment .
In one sense , governments have learned the lesson Norman Angell preached .
The United States ' current-account deficit reached 5.7 % of GDP in the second quarter of 2004 .
If fertility rates in relatively poor countries continue to follow the trends set by today 's relatively rich countries , we are within shouting distance of the world 's maximum population-9-10 billion-to be reached in 2050-2100 .
Thus , policies aimed at boosting employment by the end of , say , this calendar year needed to be put in place about a year ago to have time to have reached their full effect .
America has reached a pivotal moment in its national and global history , with new hopes for intercultural exchange , dialogue , and mutual understanding .
English now seems to have reached the point of no return in its accelerating global expansion , competing with national languages in such diverse fields as popular music , transport , the Internet , banking , cinema and television , science , and sports .
Today , Mao 's dream of catching up with the rest of the world has been realized , albeit a bit behind schedule , not only in steel making , where annual capacity has reached 660 million tons , but in many other sectors as well .
International prices of maize , rice , and wheat , for example , reached their highest levels in 30 years , causing political and economic instability -- and leading to food riots -- in many countries .
With fears mounting that one or another euro-zone country may default , yield spreads on government bonds between EMU countries have reached record highs .
From 1978 to 2003 , annual real GDP growth in China averaged 8.1 % while growth in Mexico -- the fastest in Latin America , barely reached 1 % a year .
Indeed , Mexico 's trade deficit with China reached $ 9 billion in 2003 .
Governor Mervyn King of the Bank of England once called it the NICE decade -LRB- No Inflation , Continuing Expansion -RRB- -- a time when the economy reached the promised land of high growth and price stability .
Well , it is one of those all-too-frequent late-night compromises reached by EU heads of state and government that seek to slither around and through some practical problems while postponing others .
The compromise reached at Nice four years ago is important because it contains , among other provisions , all the technicalities of voting balances and power sharing among EU institutions that must be firmly in place before the Union can admit new members .
The most recent precedent was the bipartisan agreement reached earlier this year on another fiscal issue that threatened to disrupt the normal functioning of government : the absence of a formally approved budget for this year .
`` Earlier generations faced down fascism and communism not just with missiles and tanks , '' Obama preached in his famous campaign speech in Berlin , `` but with sturdy alliances and enduring convictions . ''
To be sure , Britain 's Neville Chamberlain and France 's Edouard Daladier signed a shameful treaty with Hitler and Mussolini in Munich . But when Hitler breached the treaty , both Chamberlain and Daladier lost popular support , and , by the start of WWII , neither was still in office .
The result is the March trade deficit , caused mainly by exceptionally high annual import growth -LRB- 65 % -RRB- coupled with relatively low export growth , which reached a nominally impressive 24 % only because of the sharp decline recorded in the base period .
The Falling Dollar CAMBRIDGE -- When the euro 's value reached an all-time high of $ 1.52 , Jean-Claude Trichet , the president of the European Central Bank , told the press that he was concerned about its rapid appreciation and wanted to `` underline '' the United States Treasury 's official policy of supporting a strong dollar .
But , after 1985 , a variety of changes caused saving to decline until it reached less than 2 % in 2007 .
The household saving rate therefore continued to fall until it was below 5 % at the end of the 1990 's and reached just above 2 % in 2009 .
The high price for refusing such a proposal has to be made absolutely clear to the Iranian leadership : should no agreement be reached , the West will do everything within its power to isolate Iran economically , financially , technologically , and diplomatically , with the full support of the international community .
Indeed , the circumstances under which the Brussels compromise has been reached leave a bitter aftertaste .
Switzerland and Australia surprisingly reached the elimination round , and the Asian and African teams disappointed somewhat , with only Ghana advancing .
This type of nationalism , or `` Arab socialism , '' reached its apex during the Cold War , when it could lean on Soviet military , political , and economic support .
· Iran 's hegemonic ambitions have been unleashed , and the country has been helped to a strategic position that it could never have reached on its own .
A sense of alienation towards the West is spreading , and Turkey 's diplomatic relations with Russia have reached a hitherto unknown intimacy .
And now the crisis has reached the southern shore of the Mediterranean , in the form of a revolution in Tunisia and a political showdown in Lebanon that has once again brought the country to the verge of war and disaster .
This is good , because only then will a reliable democratic consensus on Europe 's future be reached .
A low point -- perhaps one should say the height of ridiculousness -- was reached last year when rating agencies intensified their surveillance of government debt , and markets that had been victimized by the agencies ' incompetence and bad faith became fixated on their evaluations .
When urging a colleague to come to the meeting , one committee member noted that if somebody were to catch cold , a completely different decision might be reached .
And , having run negative real interest rates , printed money , plowed in liquidity , and subsidized commercial banks , central bankers everywhere -- most recently US Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke -- appear to have concluded that they , too , have reached the limit of what they can do .
Countries claiming to have reached the limit of what they can do really mean that they have reached the limit of what they can do on their own .
Most Russians reached this conclusion long before the Beslan attack .
Although China 's official growth rate reached 8 % in 2002 , its high budget deficit and large stock of non-performing loans -LRB- about 40 % of GDP -RRB- mean that it can not afford any slowdown if it is to keep people employed , especially in rural areas .
Practically all developing countries ' reserves are invested in developed countries ' assets , leading to an increasing net transfer of resources from the developing to the developed world , which , according to UNDESA estimates , reached $ 720 billion in 2007 alone .
The sub-prime crisis has so far affected mainly financial markets in the US and Europe . This is not surprising if one considers that on both sides of the Atlantic prices have reached historical peaks and , until recently , had accelerated .
The text mostly replicates the structure of Convention Chairman Valery Giscard d'Estaing 's `` skeleton '' Constitution , presented last November , and the conclusions reached by the Convention 's working groups .
PARIS -- Economic crisis has now reached both shores of the Mediterranean , and the risk of a lasting depression has become very real .
In the past , when state economic decision-making reached such an impasse , wars and\/or revolutions were the inevitable result .
Twenty years after the world supposedly reached `` the end of history , '' we are instead at another historical turning point .
Ukraine has reached a crossroads .
With more than a thousand points still to be agreed , all the policymakers I 've spoken to recently say that they can not see how a meaningful deal can be reached by December in Copenhagen .
Every once in a while , a profession -LRB- most frequently , economics -RRB- determines that it has reached a consensus on how to solve a problem .
After ten hours , we reached an agreement that would end the siege , after more than three years of war .
But recent democratic trends worldwide have now reached the shores of this medieval desert kingdom and can no longer be ignored .
By 2000 , Estonia 's IT development in government services and sectors like banking had reached a level attained by only a few other countries in Europe .
Although Iraq 's interim constitution gave the Assembly exclusive control over the drafting process , the Assembly wisely reached out beyond its membership in creating a constitutional drafting committee .
Instead , all Iraqis were allowed to participate in the process , and , though consensus was not ultimately reached , that , too , was a part of the democratization process .
In other words , the financial world has reached a kind of carnival season , in which fools are wise and clever people turn out to be idiots .
The idea of the larger bank reached its high point in continental Europe , and especially in Germany , whose big banking system developed out of trade finance and into industrial finance in the late nineteenth century .
A long-term alternative requires some capacity to write down debt where it has reached excessive levels .
Goodbye to `` Globalization '' FLORENCE -- The term `` globalization '' first swept the world in the 1990 's and reached its highpoint of popularity in 2000 and 2001 .
Recapitalization has not yet reached the point where there are enough strong banks .
Argentina , for example , reached a voluntarily negotiated agreement in 1893 .
So it took another couple of months before the grain reached the farmers .
To protect the stratospheric ozone layer , international agreements have been reached to ban the use and trade of the ozone-destroying chemicals called chlorofluorocarbons -LRB- CFC 's -RRB- .
Instead , the EU , the ECB , and Ireland have reached a Faustian bargain that keeps Ireland liquid -LRB- i.e. , it gets euros -RRB- , but does nothing to halt the growing likelihood of insolvency -LRB- i.e. , its increasing inability to pay back those euros in the future -RRB- .
As the money rolled in , wages rose , real-estate prices reached to near-Parisian levels , and people fooled themselves into thinking that Kazakhstan had become Asia 's latest tiger .
The Irish banking system 's external borrowing reached roughly 100 % of GDP -- two Kazakhstans .
The doctrine according to which great powers , many of them nuclear-armed , try to stop lesser powers from acquiring nuclear weapons by force and threats of force -- a fiasco in Iraq , nuclear-armed North Korea , and now Iran -- has reached a dead end .
This is a key conclusion of the 2003\/2004 African Economic Outlook , published recently by the OECD . While almost half of Africa 's 53 countries could profitably produce hydropower , only 7 % of this potential is reached because of poor infrastructure and the high costs of initial investments .
A former deputy chairman of the Central Bank of Turkmenistan and later an outspoken critic of Turkmenbashi 's government , Hadjiev , a senior member of the exiled Watan -LRB- Republican -RRB- Party , received `` humanitarian parole '' -- a protected category of individuals that falls short of refugee status -- when he reached Bulgaria .
Moreover , Russia 's dialogue with the European Union reached a dead end in 2004 .
The few accords reached at the summit , although welcome , are not as significant as the impression that the summit created that world leaders are ready to work together to confront nuclear proliferation .
Before that decision is reached , the international community needs to provide humanitarian assistance and medical supplies to the rebels in eastern Libya .
Although oil prices reached an all-time high in 2008 , unemployment and inflation -LRB- now 31 % -RRB- are out of control and the government is facing a $ 44 billion budget deficit .
Globalization and someone 's vague idea -- no , dream -- of la dolce vita had reached the depths of Russia .
Back then , a peaceful and honest result was reached in the end because Ukraine 's President Leonid Kuchma refused to heed Yanukovich 's call to use violence to defend his rigged election .
Within days of the crisis , her government was in talks with the International Monetary Fund to secure a loan to backstop Ukraine 's economy against the worst , and reached agreement with near-record speed , despite domestic political objections to the rigor of its terms .
The wave 's height reached 15 meters , towering above even the highest pole-vault bars .
At the G-7 meeting in Canada in February , the focus was on the Greek financial crisis and its international implications . Kan jokingly told journalists that he was glad the meeting was not addressing Japan 's public debt , which has now reached almost ¥ 900 trillion .
It is as if the crisis in the EU 's center had not reached its Balkan periphery .
Because of the late start and slow pace , the Governing Council had reached only the 4 % mark when the current financial crisis effectively put a lid on further rate hikes .
If a sufficient number of Arabs reached that threshold at the right time , the long-docile Arab street would explode in anger , with each group of new protesters encouraging more to join in , giving people elsewhere in the Arab world the courage to initiate protests of their own .
Fears abound among Palestinians of another spasm of violence if no agreement is reached before Annapolis and this round of talks fails .
Many recall the preferred strategy of former Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir : `` I would have conducted negotiations on autonomy for ten years , and in the meantime we would have reached a half-million people in the West Bank . ''
Of course , the public can and should be included through a national referendum in assessing the results once the talks have reached fruition and a comprehensive settlement is reached that both leaders say they can live with .
But , until that happy day arrives , or at least until the two sides have reached the contours of an agreement , direct talks and photo opportunities should be considered counter-productive .
High Anxiety CHICAGO -- The United States has reached a point where almost half its population is described as being in some way mentally ill , and nearly a quarter of its citizens -- 67.5 million -- have taken antidepressants .
Saving lives requires that mothers and babies in the highest-mortality countries be reached at the time of greatest risk .
So Shtukaturov 's victory before the European Court of Human Rights on March 27 provides hope that a turning point has been reached .
Consultations are currently a bilateral matter , with no rules governing how they should be conducted -- and no requirement that any final agreement on arms-export decisions be reached .
By the late 1980 's , total public spending reached 60-65 % of GDP , compared to about 30 % in 1960 .
For the world , this trend has been more decisive : maximum ACE was reached in 1994 , and has plummeted for the past three years , while hurricanes around the world have for the past year been about as inactive as at any time since records began being kept .
Russia has reached the limit of growth derived from its post-communist reconstruction .
So Israel is blocking Lebanon 's ports from the sea , has breached the runways of all three jet-capable airfields , including Beirut 's international airport , and remains ready to destroy generating plants and other high-value targets , if necessary , to generate sufficient political pressure on Hezbollah .
Just when the world reached a consensus that Ahmadinejad was merely an instrument of the Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Khamenei , Ahmadinejad appointed a Vice-President against Khamenei 's wishes -LRB- though he later retracted the appointment -RRB- .
On the other hand , the desire to avoid confrontation can prevent meaningful agreements from being reached in a reasonable timeframe , and the appearance of consensus may merely mask the true politics at work .
Because the growth of these cities has been accelerated and magnified by productive technologies , rapid internal migration , and high net reproduction rates , many have reached unprecedented sizes at breathless speed .
If , during this dialogue , a consensus is reached on the need to elect a new president , so much the better .
In Romania , some leading intellectuals publicly condemned the so-called `` Jewish monopoly of suffering '' -- part of an `` international conspiracy '' that had reached , once again , the territory between the Danube and the Carpathians .
The `` black '' economy has , by some estimates , reached 10 % of GDP in advanced countries and can top 70 % in developing countries .
As typically happens in these cases , once a critical mass of tax evasion is reached , it can jump to much larger values .
As a result , America 's public debt has reached roughly 140 % of GDP .
Moreover , post-independence improvements in child survival triggered a rise in child dependency rates , which also reached historically unprecedented levels in the 1970 's and 1980 's .
The base agreement -- reached after ten years of bilateral negotiations -- is the most practical option for avoiding potentially disastrous aerial accidents in a heavily populated area , and for reducing crimes committed by US soldiers against local Japanese , including , most notoriously , several rapes .
They steered clear of establishing a heavy budget-fueled bureaucracy , leaving respective ministries to handle administering the accord . In 2008 , Mercosur intra-regional exports reached $ 41.6 billion , up by 28.4 % from 2007 .
In 2008 , Africa 's combined economic output reached $ 1.6 trillion , and consumer spending totaled $ 860 billion .
ASEAN foreign direct investment -LRB- FDI -RRB- flows reached US$ 38 billion in 2005 , up by 48 % from the previous year .
The outlook for 2006 was also bullish , with preliminary data for the first quarter indicating that FDI flows had already reached US$ 14 billion , up from US$ 7.4 billion in the year-earlier period .
By recognizing that taking a chain saw to state bureaus does not automatically improve governance , we reached the second stage of our reform process .
The first baby boomers have reached retirement age , and the labor force will soon be shrinking in most parts of Europe .
In 2007 , as its external surplus reached a record of 7.5 % of GDP , Germany 's biggest bilateral surplus was with the US -LRB- ¤ 29.5 billion -RRB- , followed by Spain , France , the United Kingdom , and Italy .
The first of the marchers had reached the Square . The last still waited patiently in the park .
During the Round Table negotiations that brought about the end of communist rule , a compromise was reached between the reform wing of the communist government and Solidarity . This cleared a path to the peaceful dismantling of communist dictatorship throughout the entire Soviet bloc .
Bronek was proud of Poland 's stubborn will to freedom , its achievements , the democratic transformation which , thanks to the compromise reached at the Round Table negotiations , allowed for a bloodless end to dictatorship . He was proud of Poland 's membership in NATO and the European Union , of Polish economic successes .
Ensuring that domestic demand decelerates to a more sustainable pace is necessary to moderate the upward pressure on prices that threatens the credibility of the inflation-targeting monetary-policy framework -- indeed , in April , the 12-month consumer inflation rate breached the upper limit of the central bank 's tolerance band .
By 2006 , distrust of Americans , British , and French had reached 90 % , and attitudes toward Iraq 's neighbors were also tense .
And what about the foreign workers who have reached for the `` European dream '' and are now faced with potential explosions of xenophobia in Europe 's supposedly open countries ?
France may not have the military might of the US or the growth rate of China and India , but its team reached the World Cup championship , raising its standing in the eyes of billions of people -- and perhaps giving a reprieve to its unpopular government .
Advanced countries by themselves simply can not ensure that safe global CO2 levels are reached .
Germany , where combined public and private aid for tsunami victims has reached $ 1.1 billion -LRB- making it the largest international donor -RRB- , says that it would like its aid to be used to foster peace settlements .
The mood in the US today is far from the point that it reached in 1973 and 1974 , when the drive to impeach Nixon and convict him in the US Senate forced him to resign .
That , at least , is the conclusion that some people have reached after Milosevic 's death in a Hague prison : the fact that he was able to drag out his trial for four years and still escape a verdict is considered proof that the international community is wasting its resources by putting such people on trial for their misdeeds .
Concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere have reached 435 parts per million -LRB- ppm -RRB- of CO2-equivalent , compared with about 280 ppm before industrialization in the nineteenth century .
In the United States and elsewhere , there is a sense that the long-foreseen implosion of news publishing is accelerating , having reached a kind of critical mass .
The Coming Revival in French-American Relations With the American invasion of Iraq in 2003 , French-American relations reached a low point .
Trade between India and American is increasing , and reached $ 26 billion -LRB- 11 % of India 's total trade -RRB- in 2006 .
For example , the first smallpox epidemic was recorded in Egypt in 1350 BC . It reached China in 49 AD , Europe after 700 , the Americas in 1520 , and Australia in l789 .
The prior era of economic globalization reached its peak in 1914 , and was set back by the world wars .
A South Korean is Secretary-General of the United Nations ; Seoul will host next year 's G-20 summit ; and the country has just reached a free-trade agreement with the European Union .
Some believe a political compromise between Republicans and Democrats can be reached before the 2012 election ; others suggest an agreement is more likely after the election .
Average annual growth in the least developed countries , many in Africa , reached almost 7 % last year .
The savings generated in East Asia and the major oil exporters have increased global liquidity , helping to finance the US current account deficit , which has now reached unprecedented levels .
This , of course , contradicts the wisdom that the IMF and others have preached in the past -- that emerging economies should free their capital accounts as part of a broader process of financial liberalization .
The clamor by disaffected politicians and human rights activists for such a conference had reached a crescendo .
If such a consensus can not be reached , at least Western powers and like-minded states must agree , as in Kosovo in 1999 , for example .
And he has n't independently reached your new ideas -- the ideas that matter .
Most Muslims also approved when the police raided and confiscated weapons at the Finsbury Park mosque in London , whose Imam had long preached hatred of the West and support for terrorists .
Presumably , Blair is not proposing to the Palestinians the creation of a state before an agreement is reached on final borders .
Grumpy Old Men LONDON -- Having reached pensionable age , I qualify to be a grumpy old man .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , McCain reached out all right -- to the right-wing fundamentalists in his own party .
In October 2009 , an initial understanding was reached , according to which Iranian low-enriched uranium -LRB- LEU -RRB- would be delivered to Russia for further enrichment and conversion into fuel rods for the Tehran Research Reactor -LRB- TRR -RRB- .
By contrast , aid reached 95 % of gross national income in Rwanda soon after the conflict ended , but fell to 20 % within five years .
Only 20 of the 198 countries on Earth have reached that age .
In the past , however , Russia 's sharp anti-Western turns were reversed -- usually out of simple necessity -- after relations reached rock bottom . Not this time .
In Europe , the market for Greek debt has frozen , and interest-rate spreads between Irish and German euro-denominated debt recently reached alarming levels .
In the short term , however , financing should not be a problem : foreign-exchange reserves have reached more than $ 250 billion ; foreign direct investment , which has fallen elsewhere , still looks promising .
A stalemate has taken hold , with the denouement likely to be reached only after the royal succession .
We are not moving toward a choice reached after countless discussions .
The astronomer Carl Sagan suggested that the Voyager space probe capture an image of earth as it reached the outer reaches of our solar system . It did so , in 1990 , and Earth shows up in a grainy image as a pale blue dot .
Hasnain made his remark to the New Scientist in 1999 , only five years after the retreat had reached its peak and only two to three years after the slowdown began -- far too soon to say that the trend had changed . The IPCC 's use of his remark may have been rash , but was not misleading because in 2003-2004 , the year before it finalized its fourth report , the changed trend would have been barely perceptible
The total bill for all UN operations in the 12 months to mid-2008 reached $ 6.7 billion , about twice the level 15 years ago .
Arctic sea-ice cover reached its lowest recorded average level for the month of June ever .
Similarly , no Chinese president can unilaterally agree to allow the renminbi to appreciate faster ; that is a consensus decision reached together with the various apparatchiks in the State Council and Communist Party .
By 1988 , Libya 's clash with the West reached its apex with the bombing of Pan Am 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland . Until then , the United States had led a lonely battle to isolate Libya by severing diplomatic relations and imposing economic sanctions and embargos on oil imports and arms exports . But not even the Reagan administration 's 1986 military strike would move Libya away from its confrontational ways .
He has reached out to the Muslim world and pledged to address the Israeli-Palestinian conflict without delay .
If employment began rising at this rate in 2010 , it would take until 2015 before it reached its pre-recession level .
It is unrealistic to expect consensus to be reached on these issues in the days remaining before the Kampala meeting .
So the crisis might not have reached the scale that it did without financial institutions of all types leveraging themselves to the hilt in pursuit of higher returns .
For the moment , the eurozone may well have reached the point where an amicable divorce is a better option than years of economic decline and political acrimony .
Yet , given clear inflationary pressures in countries like Saudi Arabia , Argentina , and Russia , and notable price spikes in China , the world just might have reached a moment when agreement can be reached .
But few emerging markets have reached a stage at which they can withstand a sustained collapse in the developed economies , much less serve as substitute engines of global growth .
Having reached the epiphany that financial restructuring must be avoided at all costs , the governments of the world have in turn cast a huge safety net over banks -LRB- and whole countries in Eastern Europe -RRB- , woven from taxpayer dollars .
The fact is global imbalances in debt and asset prices had been building up to a crescendo for years , and had reached the point where there was no easy way out . The United States was showing all the warning signs of a deep financial crisis long in advance of Lehman , as Carmen Reinhart and I document in our forthcoming book This Time is Different : Eight Centuries of Financial Folly .
Technology has helped thoroughly globalize chess , with the Indian Vishy Anand now the first Asian world champion , and the handsome young Norwegian Magnus Carlsen having reached rock-star status .
First , total public-sector debt -LRB- including state and local debt -RRB- is already nearing the 119 % - of-GDP peak reached after World War II .
In a new paper , `` A Decade of Debt , '' Carmen M. Reinhart and I show that general government debt in the United States , including federal , state , and local debt , has now surpassed the record 120 % of GDP reached at the end of World War II .
Indeed , the rate of economic contraction in the fourth quarter of 2008 and the first quarter of 2009 reached near-depression levels .
Even that rise was partly a bubble , which collapsed in the second half of 2008 , when -- after oil reached $ 145 , killing global growth -- the world economy fell into recession .
So the recent global financial crisis is not over ; it has , instead , reached a new and more dangerous stage .
Today , Turkey 's annual GDP has reached $ 800 billion , making it Europe 's sixth largest economy and the 17th largest in the world .
Niger 's food emergency has reached the world 's headlines , but the crisis there is only one part of a much larger disaster .
Several leading scientists , including one of the world 's greatest biologists , E.O. Wilson , have reached out to religious communities to support the fight against human-induced climate change and the fight for biological conservation , and those religious communities have reached back in harmony with science .
According to the Swedish International Peace Research Institute , total military spending in constant 2005 dollars reached roughly $ 1.4 trillion in 2007 .
A consensus has now been reached on the need to assist smallholders , but obstacles remain .
The US has reached the practical limits of reliance on short-term stimulus spending , and will need to start cutting the budget deficit and fostering alternative pathways to growth .
Economic inequality has reached a high not seen since the Great Depression .
Despite a considerable diversity of views at the outset of the two-year investigation , the Commission reached a strong consensus after examining extensive evidence from around the world .
Immunization campaigns , when properly funded , have reached huge proportions of very poor children .
Indeed , when US equity prices reached astronomical levels in the late 1990s , the pundits and investment bankers trotted out their silly explanations and theories .
A solution is possible only if the outside world is prepared to police an agreement reached between the moderate majorities .
Nobody knows how much oil is left and how much it will cost to extract , but the peak of global oil production will probably be reached sometime in the next quarter century , perhaps even in the next few years .
From a global point of view , there are currently five countries that have reached 0.7 % of GNP in aid : Denmark , Luxembourg , the Netherlands , Norway , and Sweden .
The annual US budget deficit reached 5 % of GNP , with an enormous part of the gap financed each year by Asian central banks , which now hold about $ 2 trillion in claims against America .
Yet it is reasonably clear that a tipping point has been reached .
Iran 's election fiasco seemingly confirmed for Iranian reformists a conclusion that tens of millions of Iranian citizens reached long ago - the country 's Islamic government , as it exists today , is beyond rehabilitation .
Now , under the leadership of President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf , Liberia has reached a historic milestone : a comprehensive debt-reduction package that writes off more than 90 % of its foreign debt and opens up new opportunities to rebuild the country .
He is someone who had long since reached the point in life when he felt compelled by duty and patriotism to step beyond the role of a surgeon and become a public citizen .
Her request was refused , as was her earlier plea in 2006 to suspend her sentence until her two small sons reached the age of 14 -- a request she was entitled to make under Russian law .
But an agreement could be reached to establish categories of countries , the most important aim being to prevent dumping between countries that are at the same stage of development .
As I write , inflation in Zimbabwe has reached an unimaginable -LRB- if not unpronounceable -RRB- level of more than 500 quintillion per cent .
Intellectual property protection is related to economic development , so the question should be whether China has reached the stage at which effective protection is possible .
Now that a critical mass has been reached , will we see a dramatically different effect on employment ?
Instead , those who argue that the Chinese economy is overheating cite the high rate of investment in plant and equipment and real estate , which reached 43 % of GDP in 2004 .
The faster , the better , so that the billion or so people there who have not yet reached prosperity by world standards can get there within their lifetimes .
The drop in the Gallup Economic Confidence Index was sharper in July 2011 than it was in 2008 , although the index has not yet fallen to a lower level than it reached then .
This spring , the euro 's exchange rate against the dollar reached an all-time high , and central banks have increased the euro share of their international reserves .
Nevertheless , electricity usage has reached near-record levels .
That figure would be reached if countries accounting for one-third of the global economy -- say , most European nations , or the United States and one or two small affluent nations -- contributed 0.03 % of their gross national income , or three cents for every $ 100 they earn .
For example , international climate-change negotiations appear to have reached an impasse , and public skepticism about global warming is rising , even as the scientific evidence continues to show that it is real and will endanger the lives of billions of people .
When given access to banking , they would save a little , but then withdraw it before they reached their goal .
But , if offered a savings account that penalized them for withdrawing money before they reached a goal that they themselves had specified , many chose that type of account , even though the interest they earned was no higher than in an account that allowed them to make withdrawals whenever they chose .
Many of us had already reached that conclusion .
Not surprisingly , given the Americans ' deeply ingrained suspicion , the agreement reached earlier this year between Iran and Turkey and Brazil to allow for the export of low-enriched uranium from Iran in return for fuel rods was `` not acceptable '' to the US .
Santa Claus Speaks German Santa Claus was a Turkish Dervish who in the middle ages traveled through Central and Northern Europe , giving gifts to children and claiming to be the re-incarnation of Greek St. Nicholas , who preached in the fourth century .
The Ifo business climate indicator , which had been rising since the second half of 2005 , reached its highest level since Germany 's unification boom .
Unemployment has always reached its lowest point at the end of the decade or a year later , driven by cyclical movements in equipment investment that followed the textbook multiplier-accelerator model .
The strike has been temporarily stopped by a court order , leaving time for negotiations , but the danger remains great because talks have reached an impasse .
While the pact says that a government can not borrow more than 3 % of its GDP , Germany 's public-finance deficit reached 3.7 % of GDP and more from 2002 to 2004 .
Since last October , Western countries ' rescue packages for banks have reached about $ 4.3 trillion .
One conclusion , therefore , is for countries to be cautious about removing capital controls when they have not yet reached the relevant `` safety '' thresholds , but equally to stress the sizable net benefits for countries that exceed the thresholds .
Beyond a certain point -- which most of the world is still far from having reached -- the accumulation of wealth offers only substitute pleasures for the real losses to human relations that it exacts .
George Orwell put it well : `` All progress is seen to be a frantic struggle towards an objective which you hope and pray will never be reached . ''
Scientists are notoriously loath to jettison conclusions reached by approved scientific methods , however faulty .
So the fact that no agreement has been reached on Syria forces us to reflect on the future difficulties that we will face in managing global security .
Our ESDP missions have taken us as far afield as Aceh , Indonesia , where we monitored the peace agreement reached after the 2004 tsunami , following decades of civil war .
As a member of the International Quartet , the EU is deeply engaged at diplomatic level in the Middle East Peace Process and the moment an agreement is reached between the Israelis and Palestinians we will be ready to help implement it on the ground .
But the imprecision of the agreements reached at the summit in Toronto in June has left political leaders with a bitter taste in their mouths .
While an agreement has been reached -LRB- 2013 has been set as the year to reduce budget deficits by half ; 2016 to stabilize sovereign debt -RRB- , consensus is not headed in the right direction .
The United Nations Environment Programme 's Sustainable Energy Finance Initiative estimates that investment in renewable energy has reached $ 100 billion worldwide , or 18 % of new investment in the power sector .
Last year , the value of drugs produced in Afghanistan -- the world 's largest supplier of opiates -- is estimated to have reached up to 25 % of GDP .
It is impossible to determine where that point is , but when it is reached , the Fed 's ability to stimulate the economy comes to an end .
The Papandreou government , elected in October 2009 with a mandate to clean house , revealed that the budget deficit reached 12.7 % of GDP in 2009 , shocking both the European authorities and the markets .
For instance , they can pile up hidden imbalances in supply or demand , which may suddenly be revealed when a threshold is breached .
With the Germans helping to reconcile conflicting national interests by putting a little extra on the table , the process of European integration reached its apogee with the Maastricht Treaty and the introduction of the euro .
Second , the WTO may have overreached itself when it became involved in intellectual property rights .
A common position has been reached on four more measures , including directives on investment services , on transparency , and on takeovers .
The most delicate issues are those raised by the Investment Services Directive , on which only a majority of member states have reached a common position .
No wonder , then , that the treaty 's strict limits were breached early in the euro 's first decade by core countries as well as peripheral ones .
But the incentive to ignore these issues is gone , independent of what other countries choose to do and whatever global agreements may be reached .
But it has reached this point at a much lower level of per capita income than any systemically important predecessor .
They should then become incrementally more severe the longer and the more seriously the rules are breached .
After World War II , many countries with parliamentary systems reduced the likelihood of such instability by adopting the so-called `` constructive vote of no confidence . '' Before a no confidence vote can be held , agreement must be reached on a new government majority to take its place .
On June 23 , a United Nations conference focusing on the global economic crisis and its impact on developing countries reached a consensus both about the causes of the downturn and why it was affecting developing countries so badly .
Those who had preached fiscal restraint when it came to small welfare programs for the poor now clamored for the world 's largest welfare program .
This sharp deterioration in the US fiscal position means that long-term interest rates have fallen little , even as short-term interest rates reached record lows .
uncertainties connected to America 's massive trade deficit , which has reached all - time records .
Free trade is preached as a gospel everywhere , but rich countries do not seem to hear their own message : their markets remain closed to many developing country exports ; they subsidize agriculture massively , making it impossible for developing countries to compete . Do as we say , not as we do ; that seems to be the G-7 message .
The Commission even reached consensus on a number of concrete measures to help put a `` human face '' on globalization - or at least mitigate some of its worst effects .
After two years and 10,000 miles of endurance , courage , and hope against impossible odds , the Red Armies reached northwest China .
Only 400 reached the border ; the rest were killed or captured .
Perhaps even more compelling , services ' share of total global employment reached 42.7 % in 2007 , well ahead of agriculture -LRB- 34.9 % -RRB- and industry -LRB- 22.4 % -RRB- .
So far , nearly 400,000 people have filled refugee camps in Tunisia and Egypt , and an estimated 20,000 have reached Italy 's shores .
Support for EU membership within the pre-enlargement EU-15 remains where it was in the mid-1990 's -LRB- and below the peak reached in 1990 -RRB- , while support for the euro is no higher now than it was in 1997 .
But , almost six months into the North African upheavals , the number of arrivals on the southern island of Lampedusa has reached roughly 30,000 .
But voters in the battered lands of the eurozone seem to have reached their own damning conclusions about their elected leaders months ago .
The decision , reached in less than 24 hours , left many Ivorians flabbergasted .
But 2008 wo n't be the year in which that frontier is breached .
The average level of Internet and mobile-phone penetration in the rich world in 1997 -- 4.1 Internet users and 10.7 mobile phones per 100 inhabitants -- was reached in developing countries only five years later .
Foreign direct investment totaled $ 27.3 billion in 2008-2009 , despite the global financial crisis , and reached $ 1 billion in just one week in May 2009 .
This decline seems to have stopped , and the most recent data indicate that the bottom may have been reached .
With such vulnerability to adverse currency movements , Hungary was forced four months later to sign an IMF-led rescue package worth $ 25 billion as the financial crisis reached Eastern Europe .
Initially , most nations exiting from Communism reached out , almost instinctively , to their immediate pre-Communist period .
Meetings in seaside resorts reached almost a million people in 1910 .
In many areas -- financial services , infrastructure , communications technology , and tourism -- I would say we have reached our goals for Hong Kong .
Yushchenko offered his hand to his foes in good faith so as to bind up our nation 's wounds ; in return , the governing pact that he reached with Yanukovich was betrayed at every turn .
Because only fragments of reliable information reached ordinary Ukrainians at the time , my memories of Chernobyl are necessarily sketchy .
WEST LAFAYETTE , INDIANA -- Food prices have in many cases surpassed the peak levels reached in July 2008 .
Russian corruption has reached catastrophic levels , yet no serious fight has been launched against it .
US policymakers in particular wanted to take advantage of the ongoing surge in NATO combat forces in Afghanistan -- which reached 150,000 in August , of which some two-thirds were American -- to shake Taliban commanders ' conviction that they were winning the war .
Deliberations and negotiations both within the NPT regime and in other areas of disarmament have reached a difficult stage , if not a stalemate .
The most dangerous force eroding the Treaty 's credibility is the inclination of some nuclear-weapon states to reinterpret at will the package of agreements reached in the past .
One of the best ways to strengthen the non-proliferation regime now would be to implement fully the agreements that have already been reached .
Those who work in the field know that once sex abusers control a powerless victim , they will invariably push the boundaries with ever more extreme behavior . Abusers start by undressing their victims , but once that line has been breached , you are likely to hear from the victim about oral and anal penetration , greater and greater pain and fear being inflicted , and more and more carelessness about exposing the crimes as the perpetrator 's inhibitions fall away .
Obviously , neither the US nor Britain has reached that point .
Questions about the change in practice have reached US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton -- who admitted that she herself would resist a sexual pat-down -- and President Barack Obama .
But what if it 's too late , and the zero interest_rate bound is reached while prices are falling ?
If the Bank of Japan , for example , were to commit itself to a target path for a broad price index , and credibly commit to keeping interest rates low until that target is reached , this commitment would influence investor behavior . For the more that prices fall , the greater should be the confidence in future inflation , and hence perceptions of lower real interest rates .
The existence of an official target is crucial , even when it is not being reached , because it allows the private sector to judge how close the central bank is to a point at which it would feel justified in abandoning its zero_interest_rate policy .
Ideally , the best way to make its policy credible would be for the central bank to demonstrate its commitment to the price_level targeting framework before the zero bound is reached .
These countries , too , are facing a recession , and , while the interest rate has not yet reached its zero bound everywhere , incentives to depreciate might grow in the near future .
President George W. Bush 's Iraqi patient now seems to have reached that point .
According to a security agreement reached with Iraq 's government , the US is to withdraw its forces by the end of this year .
Now that oil price has reached $ 80 per barrel , Russia 's central bank can start buying foreign currency again .
Whereas inward investment reached $ 20 billion in 2008 , capital outflows totaled $ 20 billion in 2009 .
Israel at Sixty Tel Aviv -- Ten years ago , on Israel 's 50th anniversary , the peace process begun by the path-breaking Oslo accord , reached by Israel and the Palestinian Authority in 1993 , established the legitimacy of two peoples ' national existence in their shared homeland on the basis of territorial compromise .
Thus , he solicited commitments from China and Japan on denuclearization and realization of the 2005 agreement on North Korea reached by the six-party talks -LRB- involving the United States , China , Russia , Japan , North Korea , and South Korea -RRB- .
As a result , balance-of-payments equilibrium would be reached at a certain exchange-rate level , but a current-account surplus -LRB- albeit smaller -RRB- would still exist .
So China has reached a crucial juncture : without painful structural adjustment , its economic-growth momentum can suddenly be lost .
As a result , the interest rate for 12-month fixed deposits has reached 3.9 % .
The obvious answer is that we do not have time ; Chapter 11 procedures are generally long and complex , and the current crisis has reached a point where time is of the essence .
