Government officials were held accountable for actions that were usually beyond the reach of the law , ranging from brutal beatings of journalists , to illegal confinement for `` national security . ''
Indeed , even as the Pakistani Army launched operation Rah-e-Nijat -LRB- Path to Salvation -RRB- in October , a dozen devastating terrorist attacks in Pakistan 's major cities demonstrated the reach of the South Waziristan militants .
A critical factor in the Taliban 's revival was the haven that it found in the distant reaches of the Pakistan-Afghanistan border , and the support that it continued to receive from elements within Pakistan .
Advocates of dialogue with the Iranians and their Syrian allies , like former United States Secretary of State James Baker , labor under the delusion that they can actually reach an understanding that can enable a graceful US exit from Iraq and help stabilize that wounded country .
To what degree are Fatah , the secular movement controlled by Palestine President Abbas , and the Islamist Hamas ready to reach an understanding about how to proceed after the disengagement ?
The first is a new missile named Sajil , which has a range of 15 kilometers and can reach more Israeli towns and cities .
Construction of the separation wall on the West Bank has made it almost impossible for Hamas fighters to reach Israel proper .
Murder , kidnapping , and extortion have reached record heights .
Now , it will have to deal with a Palestinian society that is armed to the teeth , with poverty rates reaching 70 % and unemployment at 35 % .
In popular opinion , negotiations have reached a dead end .
Hamas does not share this view , and Palestinian reconciliation efforts have reached an impasse .
We now risk failing to meet the Millennium Development GOAL , set out by the United Nations , of reversing the spread of AIDS , TB and malaria by 2015 . This failure will make remote any hope of reaching the other Millennium goals in the fight against poverty .
Iran also has an extensive missile development program . Iranian officials declare that the range of their modified Shahab-3 missiles is 2,000 kilometers , putting Allied countries such as Turkey , Greece , Romania , and Bulgaria within reach .
Defense spending is 1.6 % of GDP in Germany , 2 % in Italy , and 1.5 % in Spain ; only France and the UK reach 3 % .
When a country reaches the point that it needs all its exports to service its national debt , and the size of the export sector is fixed , nothing is left to pay for imports .
This question is important not only in transition economies and other emerging market countries , but in rich countries as well -- in fact almost everywhere , except possibly the US and the UK , which long ago embarked on a process of radical and far-reaching economic liberalization .
It will not be long before even Europe 's more respectable conservative parties reach for rhetoric about `` foreigners coming here to feast off of our taxes . ''
But efforts to reach an agreement to liberalize trade in 15 sectors soon faltered : the cost of selective liberalization in uncompetitive , but politically sensitive , sectors was simply too high for some governments to bear .
We meet in Brussels this week , and our overriding priority is to reach agreement on the constitution .
These are the issues on which final agreement now needs to be reached .
The Cyprus problem has reached a critical turning point , following a peace proposal put on the table by UN Secretary General Kofi Annan with a deadline impending at the end of February .
To top it off , Turkey must reach some agreement with its closest ally , the US , if it moves against Iraq .
Finally , they reached the attic .
Carbon monoxide levels have reached crisis levels , at six times the maximum allowable concentration .
It is the business of politicians , not scientists , to consider the relative costs and benefits of the options before them , weighing them as they see fit in reaching their conclusions .
Despite the odds , Iraq 's daily output reached a post-invasion record of 2.5 million barrels in March .
The implications of pricing oil in any single-currency are more far-reaching than most people think .
Instead , Europeans must assume a fairer share of the transatlantic burden , putting in place a truly common European foreign policy , and think and act as a regional power with a global outreach .
We need to reach out to the rest of the world in a more open and persuasive way .
As Arabs confront far-reaching change , they must not be distracted into fruitless debates about the right types of government support for citizens .
Egyptians need only glance north , at the European debt crisis , to understand they should sort out their debt problem now , rather than waiting until it reaches Greek proportions .
In the absence of conditions for equitable negotiations , governments often deem the resulting contracts unfair -- thus dooming them to be breached at some point .
In these circumstances , there is an urgent need for a facility that allows governments of poor countries to negotiate on a par with foreign investors to reach contracts that are as fair as possible under the given circumstances .
Having recognized its `` collective responsibility to mitigate the social impact of the crisis and minimize long-lasting damage to global potential , '' the group now needs to review how much support has reached or become accessible to developing countries .
`` The sub-prime crisis has n't yet reached the beaches of Copacabana , '' Finance Minister Guido Mantega recently proclaimed .
I hope that spirit will spread far beyond San José , and that other regions will join us in recognizing that while our borders may define our territories , having the courage to reach across them defines our character -- and , ultimately , our future success or failure .
Chile 's dignity now hinges on whether or not its legal system reaches the same conclusion .
Over the past month , concerned citizens in both Russia and Georgia have started to make attempts to build alliances and reach out to each other outside of the government-controlled media and structures .
Ukraine 's ` Orange Revolution ' will reach its climax on December 26 , when Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovich and former Prime Minister Viktor Yushchenko will replay their run-off for the presidency . The massive fraud that was supposed to bring victory to Mr Yanukovich , and which incited hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians to take to the streets of Kyiv to defent their rights , no longer looks possible .
Ideally , Yushchenko should reach out to the new professionals who have not as yet been intoxicated by the pervasive corruption of the old administration .
By last year , it had reached $ 1 trillion .
By March , it reached 26 % per year and continues to rise .
Medvedev obviously hopes to reach out and improve Russia 's and his own standing in the world .
Instead , a number of European countries are discussing the introduction of stringent fiscal rules into their constitutions , and are contemplating even more far-reaching changes .
But both organizations need to reach out to these countries , a process that should be seen as the next phase in completing the wider Europe .
What should a new bold yet realistic EU and NATO outreach strategy for the Black Sea region look like ?
If the EU and NATO decide to launch a bold outreach strategy for the region , they will be able to draw on existing tools , conceptual talent , and practical experience .
Spent wisely , however , these stimulus packages could trigger far-reaching and transformational trends , setting the stage for a more sustainable , urgently needed Green Economy for the twenty-first century .
Few could have foreseen how far-reaching that decision would prove to be .
The victory of the fundamentalist Hamas in the Palestinian elections will have far-reaching consequences for the region , some totally unexpected .
But both Olmert and Peretz have declared that , despite the Commission 's conclusions , they would not quit : instead , they have vowed to implement the report 's many far-reaching substantive recommendations about policy , strategy , and decision-making processes .
The other scenario is when the two sides have already engaged in bilateral peace talks , paid the domestic political price , and reached agreement on most issues , though some matters remain unresolved and threaten to derail the process .
After Anwar Sadat 's visit to Jerusalem in 1977 , Israel and Egypt negotiated for a year and reached agreement on most issues : peace , diplomatic relations , and full Israeli withdrawal from all occupied Egyptian territory in Sinai .
In 1993 , in secret bilateral negotiations in Norway -LRB- unknown to the Americans -RRB- , Israel and the PLO reached an agreement about mutual recognition and the creation of a provisional Palestinian Autonomous Authority .
Yet , after dozens of meetings , public and private , the two sides failed to reach an agreement .
Even the most moderate leaders on both sides could not agree on the core issues of the conflict : borders , settlements , Jerusalem , and the fate of 1947-1948 Palestinian refugees and their descendants . Both sides had an immediate stake in reaching an agreement : for Olmert , an agreement might have rescued his position as prime minister , and it would have been a trump card for Abbas in Fatah 's de facto civil war with Hamas .
The failure to reach agreement under such apparently auspicious conditions does not bode well for the coming talks .
Opening an impressive new page , Turkey reached out to Armenia ; softened its position on Cyprus ; tried to draw Iran into a positive dialogue with the West ; convinced Syria to settle the two countries ' simmering border dispute ; and , as a crowning achievement , launched peace talks between Syria and Israel under Turkish mediation .
As a first step , countries with forces in Afghanistan should accept that , as parties to the conflict , they need to be parties to the peace as well , and that every military operation has far-reaching and sometimes irreversible political implications .
So far , the Fund has not fully exploited its unique position , because it has often been passive in reaching out , giving clear messages , and making recommendations to its members .
With the Balassa-Samuelson effect so subdued and limited scope for future corrective inflation , the EMU criterion regarding price stability - of annual inflation within 1.5 % of the average rate for the three best-performing economies in the EU - is within reach .
Values must be the road that leads to what can not be reached by markets and institutions alone - the accession of Europe 's citizens to the European Union .
SINGAPORE -- Our ancestors preached it .
Various veterans ' organizations staged mass rallies against the `` treacherous '' government of Mesic and Racan .
When Mubarak felt his power was slipping and reached out to his adversaries , he found disorganized opposition parties with little political experience and no support in society . They could not formulate coherent positions and practical demands .
We must redouble our efforts to reach out in local communities and demonstrate the realities of our faith .
Muslims in The Netherlands are responding by opening up their mosques and reaching out to neighbors .
If it is true , the case against Karma suggests that officials stationed in Tibetan areas may be gaining more power , able to reach out beyond their jurisdictions to pursue what appear to be little more than personal grievances .
During 2000-2007 , the top executives ' aggregate bonus compensation reached -LRB- in 2009 dollars -RRB- $ 300 million at Bear Stearns and $ 150 million at Lehman .
Foreign , mostly European , banks have entered these markets with unprecedented speed and force . These banks have increasingly reached out to more risky small - and medium-sized enterprises and helped people buy their own houses and start new businesses .
From that moment , the question for the Arabs was no longer how to destroy Israel , but how to reach an accomodation with it .
In its peace with Israel , Egypt reached its strategic objective of an alliance with the US .
The settlement reached with North Korea , whereby it will dismantle its nuclear program , and the Annapolis conference for an Israeli-Palestinian peace -- with the participation of Syria , a pivotal member of the region 's `` axis of evil '' -- are two key examples of this trend .
An old and sick man who was to die a few months later , he acted with a sense of urgency to reach a deal that would relieve his inexperienced son of the burden of struggling for the recovery of the Golan Heights .
President Mahmoud Ahmedinejad 's recent state visit to Iraq conveyed to the Americans an unequivocal message : the prospects of the United States ever reaching a modicum of stability in Iraq have become dependent on Iran-aligned forces .
Indeed , while Hezbollah prospered under Syrian occupation , it never reached the extraordinary political power that it has today .
Syria 's stance might limit , rather than extend , the reach of Iran 's strategy of regional destabilization .
The bones of contention that wrecked previous attempts to reach an Israeli-Syrian peace have realistic solutions , as was shown by the back-channel peace talks recently held between an Israeli ex-official and a Syrian with close connections to the regime .
The looming end of President Hosni Mubarak 's long rule in Egypt might lead to the emergence of a formidable bid by the Muslim Brotherhood for power in Cairo , possibly forcing Mubarak 's successor either to reach a modus vivendi or to wage a fight to the death .
Unless Obama reaches an uneasy understanding with Russia -- which would require revising post-Cold War strategic agreements -- the chances of imposing a tight sanctions regime on Iran are slim .
To the Israelis , Europe became the essayist Mario Andrea Rigoni 's `` old lady , who after she had allowed herself all sorts of liberties ... and a great number of horrors , would like , once she has reached the age of society , fatigue , and weakness , to see the world adapt itself to her needs for moderation , equity , and peace . ''
And Turkey 's diplomatic reach in the region is also reflected in its recent signing of a friendship treaty with Saudi Arabia , while maintaining excellent relations with Pakistan and Iraq .
In the 1960 's , David Ben-Gurion 's fatalistic pessimism about the possibility of ever reaching a peace settlement with the Arab countries led him to forge an `` Alliance of the Periphery '' with the non-Arab countries in the outer circle of the Middle East -- Iran , Ethiopia , and Turkey -LRB- he also dreamed of having Lebanon 's Maronite community as part of that alliance -RRB- .
The secession of a Southern Sudanese Christian state from a Muslim country , a major member of the Arab League , would have far-reaching strategic implications .
They applauded him everywhere on his recent trip to Europe , but sent him home almost empty-handed , resisting the idea of a coordinated fiscal stimulus and , after years of preaching multilateralism , turning down his call for more European troops for Afghanistan .
In calling upon the world 's nuclear powers to preach by example and dramatically reduce their nuclear arsenals , the article was also a call for equality among nations in the nuclear domain .
Iran and Turkey are bound to assert their Islamic credentials more and more as they reach out to the Arab masses .
Of course , throughout history , national liberation movements have had to marginalize their own radicals and fanatics in order to reach the Promised Land .
If it were not for the 1973 Yom Kippur War , Israel and Egypt would never have reached a peace settlement .
Likewise , the failure of Chechnya , Biafra , Tibet , or the Kurdish areas of the Middle East to reach independent statehood is attributable entirely to their military impotence .
MADRID -- The Comprehensive Peace Agreement -LRB- CPA -RRB- that was reached in 2005 between mostly Christian southern Sudan and the country 's Muslim North , ended one of the bloodiest civil wars in modern times .
Yet it would be wrong to dwell excessively on current leaders ' weaknesses , for to do so presupposes that with different leaders at the helm , an Israeli-Palestinian agreement could be reached through bilateral negotiations .
Indeed , failure to reach a settlement in the past was not the result of bad faith , or inadequate negotiating skills .
Such a resolution would neutralize thorny `` narrative '' issues , such as the right of return , which have shattered every attempt to reach a settlement .
Some reached peace agreements with the country 's neighbors ; others came very close -- and at least succeeded in conveying to the Arab world Israel 's commitment to reaching out to the region 's peoples .
Our Arab neighbors should never be trusted ; hence , as Jabotinski preached , the new Israeli nation must erect an Iron Wall of Jewish power to deter its enemies forever .
For Iran and its Hezbollah clients , the fall of Assad would be nothing short of a calamity -- one with far-reaching consequences .
So , whoever aspires to help the parties reach a settlement needs to be attentive to the fact that territorial borders are only one aspect of this conflict -- and not necessarily the most contentious one .
Left to their own devices , Israelis and Palestinians will never reach a comprehensive peace settlement .
It is in Israel 's best interest to reach a settlement with the man who has constantly repudiated his predecessors ' tactics of armed conflict .
This time , the call went out for an end to the Palestinian Intifada and for Israelis and Palestinians to reach a final peace agreement .
No Israeli government will risk making a far-reaching peace offer to a Palestinian Authority whose rule is characterized by abdication and anarchy .
The conflict was now between Israel , a beacon of democracy fighting the expansion of a Shiite obscurantist empire , and an Iran that chose to protect its revolution by mobilizing the Arab masses in the name of Islamic values and against treacherous rulers who had betrayed the dispossessed Palestinians .
Even so , the threat to financial stability is possibly even graver today than it was in 2008 , as the capacity of Western European governments to backstop banking systems is clearly reaching its limits .
Once computers can handle natural languages with semantic precision , high-quality information will not need to become popular before it reaches the end user , unlike what is required by Web search today .
True , Al Qaeda 's tentacles reach into many conflicts .
Europe , once the continent of power clashes and balances , became a community of law where big and small follow common rules to reach common decisions .
Negotiations for an association agreement between Ukraine and the EU , which includes far-reaching provisions for trade and regulatory integration , are well advanced , and could even be concluded this year .
Parliament watered down a proposal for far-reaching pension reform to the point that it borders on useless , and repeated promises to stop subsidizing wasteful energy consumption through low gas prices have not been honored .
A successful attack or accident at the Indian Point power plant near New York City , apparently part of Al Qaeda 's original plan for September 11 , 2001 , would have resulted in 43,700 immediate fatalities and 518,000 cancer deaths , with cleanup costs reaching $ 2 trillion .
In 2008 , United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon declared the goal of ensuring universal access to malaria-control interventions by the end of 2010 for all those at risk of the disease , with the ultimate goal of reaching near-zero malaria deaths by 2015 .
Hundreds of thousands of lives have been saved , and the international community now is redoubling its efforts to reach the 2015 milestone .
Most powerful of all , perhaps , is an innovative `` scorecard , '' which is being prepared to track progress in the struggle to end malaria deaths , and to `` flag '' problems that arise before they reach a critical stage .
In many instances , they can reach deep into inaccessible rural areas to deliver services .
But what most characterizes Latin America 's experience is that , despite publicly preaching the virtues of a floating rate , the authorities actively intervene in currency markets , this time in different and creative ways .
The Annapolis peace conference ended a seven-year freeze on negotiations , with President George W. Bush asking the conflict 's main protagonists to reach an agreement by the end of 2008 .
Indeed , the prospect of hosting the football World Cup might constitute yet another incentive for Israelis and Palestinians to reach a settlement .
Adjusted for inflation , US military spending has reached its highest level since World War II .
But fulfilling the ostensible rationale for this seemingly interminable spending orgy -- success in the so-called `` war on terror '' -- does not seem anywhere within reach .
We need to reach into politics , because there will be no freedom for African , Arab , or Asian women without the advent of political democracy in their countries .
It should reach out to the UN in an exercise similar to those that , without providing for capital punishment , have brought to justice Slobodan Milosevic and the leaders responsible for the Rwandan genocide -- and that tomorrow might bring to the dock Liberia 's Charles Taylor and dozens of Khmer Rouge leaders .
The 2005 Afghanistan Opium Survey , released last November , estimates that the total value of this opium , once turned into heroin and distributed around the world , could reach more than $ 40 billion .
There is an important lesson in this for the EU at a time when it is seeking to become a global actor : we must reach an internal consensus while always bearing in mind what the external ramifications of our decision might be .
In the early 1980 's , when US unemployment reached almost 11 % , many workers moved from the so-called Rust Belt -- the hardest-hit industrial area of the upper Midwest -- to other parts of the country .
This raises the old question about whether a currency union can work without a fiscal union , or at least stronger and more binding fiscal rules -LRB- the Maastricht deficit commitments are too easily breached -RRB- .
The point at which the economy stops growing is called the `` peak , '' and the point at which it stops contracting , the `` trough . '' The period from the point at which the economy starts to grow again until the point at which it reaches the previous peak is called the `` recovery . ''
Governments should fund R&D until it reaches the stage where private firms could appropriate -LRB- the bulk of -RRB- the benefit .
At the same time , any wrong decision has far-reaching and irreversible consequences .
In reaching out to armed groups like the Movement for Emancipation of the Niger Delta -LRB- MEND -RRB- , one of his primary assets has been his vice president , Goodluck Jonathan , a native of the area .
Once a verdict is reached in Dokubu 's trial , probably this summer , violence is expected to intensify .
For example , House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Tom Lantos has introduced legislation that would extend the extra-territorial reach of US law to foreign governments ' export credit agencies , financial institutions , insurers , underwriters , and guarantors .
The trouble reached the boiling point on October 7 , when Kurdish fighters killed 13 Turkish soldiers near Turkey 's border with Iraq .
In 1991 , when the Netherlands held the European presidency , Belgium supported its far-reaching draft for a treaty of European Union .
This Iranian fifth column is believed to stretch from Beirut via Damascus , Gaza to Baghdad and finally from Iran to Saudi-Arabia to Yemen . Recent armed clashes between Hezbollah and the Lebanese government are , it is said , just another sign of Iran 's hegemonic reach .
After all , the Israeli Prime Minister has made it clear that he favors continued conflict management in terms of `` economic peace '' over far-reaching political processes based on mutual respect and cooperation .
WikiLeaks ' latest release demonstrates that the transformation of power by the `` digital revolution '' could be as far-reaching as that brought about by the fifteenth-century printing revolution .
We simply had reached the end of our endurance with the omnipresent and all-powerful communist apparatchiks who ruled in our workplaces , neighborhoods , even places of rest .
His control of his party should help him reach the necessary compromises he will need to make with other parties in order to govern effectively .
While a functioning democratic system and a vibrant media may have provided outlets for people to vent their frustration with the state of the economy and the quality of governance , the political elite now recognizes that many ingredients in the Pakistani situation were present in those Middle Eastern countries where street politics have reached the boiling point .
NEW YORK -- Twenty years ago , when the Berlin Wall was breached and the Soviet empire was collapsing , only die-hard believers in a communist utopia felt unhappy .
Evangelical preachers , too , have a recipe for salvation .
Sarah Palin and Glenn Beck are heirs to a long line of preachers and politicians who made their fortunes by stirring up anxious crowds , promising them Heaven on Earth , or at least a place in Heaven .
Underlying Beck 's `` non-partisan '' preacher 's talk about restoring American honor and values was a message that everyone in the crowd understood : such un-American elements as the liberal elites in New York and Washington , Democrats , and other God-less socialists had robbed America of its honor and values .
Barack Obama is from urban Hawaii but has all the rhetorical gifts of an old-fashioned preacher .
That is what she means when she preaches tolerance and mutual understanding .
And sometimes the killers reach for ideological justifications : building pure Islam , struggling for communism or fascism , or saving the West .
African dictators -- indeed , dictators everywhere -- who walk the plush red carpets laid out for them in Beijing love it . For the model is non-Western , and the Chinese do not preach to others about democracy .
Remarkably for a Dutch politician -- and a minor one , at that -- news of Wilders 's antics has reached the world press .
Basic precautionary options such as HIV testing , male and female condoms , and sterile syringes for drug injection remain out of reach for the vast majority of those who need them .
Many feared that the example of the coup in Niger could encourage Nigeria 's military to move at the height of the country 's crisis in executive authority over President Umaru Yar ` Adua 's prolonged absence . In fact , rumors of coup plotting in Nigeria prompted military officers to restrict the movements of soldiers , and may have spurred the political elite to reach the consensus that installed Goodluck Jonathan as acting president .
This intricate honeycomb divides the entire West Bank into multiple fragments , often uninhabitable or even unreachable .
Global hopes to reduce child and maternal mortality , combat HIV\/AIDS , and achieve universal primary education are damaged by the fact that one in seven girls in the developing world -- and it is overwhelmingly girls who suffer this fate -- are married before they reach age 15 . Child marriage also thwarts ambitions to eliminate extreme poverty and promote gender equality .
Child marriage rates reach 65 % in Bangladesh and 48 % in India , and a truly distressing 76 % in Niger and 71 % in Chad .
In the coming decade , an estimated 100 million girls will be married before they reach 18 .
In Zambia , for example , the legal minimum age for marriage is 21 , yet 42 % of girls are married by the age of 18 and nearly one in 12 by the time they reach 15 .
Europe 's lukewarm -- if not outright hostile -- response to John Paul II 's revivalist preaching testifies to the difficulty of this assignment .
By all accounts a reasonable man , Funes faces an uphill battle in preaching moderation .
Having `` absolved '' Serbia from the principal crime , the ICJ offered a sort of `` consolation prize '' to Bosnia , affirming that the killings in Srebrenica had the character of genocide -- a conclusion already reached by the ICTY .
If a United Nations-backed settlement is not reached by early December , the province 's majority Albanian population is likely to declare independence unilaterally -- a move that the United States has announced it may support .
This is all the more necessary for the Security Council 's five permanent members , because , aside from condemnation by public opinion , no sanctions are available against them for any serious breach of the Charter .
By sending its troops to South Ossetia , Georgia no doubt was politically reckless , but it did not breach any international rule , however nominal its sovereignty may be .
Russia has breached Article 2 of the UN Charter , which enjoins member states to `` refrain in their international relations from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any state . ''
The West violated that agreement in 1999 in Kosovo : NATO powers first attacked Kosovo and Belgrade , in breach of the UN Charter -LRB- although they were morally justified to do so , because there was a need to stop the serious atrocities underway -RRB- ; the West then promoted and blessed Kosovo 's secession .
But a lasting solution is nowhere in sight , because Russian forces , in blatant breach of that agreement -- and of international customary law -- remain in many parts of Georgia beyond Abkhazia and South Ossetia .
It has instituted legal proceedings against Russia before both the International Court of Justice for alleged violations of the UN Convention on Racial Discrimination and the European Court of Human Rights for alleged breaches of Articles 2 -LRB- right to life -RRB- and 3 -LRB- prohibiting inhuman and degrading treatment -RRB- of the European Convention on Human Rights .
Nevertheless , with both sides claiming the mantle of international law , authoritative legal decisions about these issues might perhaps push the parties to reach a lasting agreement .
The answer is almost certainly yes , unless the parapolítica mess reaches him directly , or the US explicitly rejects the FTA and postpones or attaches conditions to renewal of funding for Plan Colombia .
The answer is almost certainly yes , unless the parapolítica mess reaches him directly , or the US explicitly rejects the FTA and postpones or attaches conditions to renewal of funding for Plan Colombia .
Finally , the efforts of the Mexican and US governments since 2001 to reach an accommodation on the issue have not been well understood .
The US , and particularly then-Secretary of State Colin Powell , was willing , as stated in a unclassified memo addressed to Bush in late August 2001 , to go to great lengths to reach an understanding with Mexico on the issue .
Traditionally a Mexican , Central American , and Caribbean matter , it has now reached Brazil , Colombia , Venezuela , Ecuador , and beyond . Every flight from Sao Paulo to Mexico City carries dozens of low-income Brazilians , who have already paid their pollero , or `` people-smuggler , '' to route them on from the Mexican capital to the northern border .
Although the Sandinista Front in Nicaragua did win a semi-legitimate election in 1984 , it had reached power five years earlier by overthrowing the Somoza dictatorship .
According to the US government 's International Narcotics Control Strategy Report -LRB- INCSR -RRB- , opium , heroin , and marijuana seizures have decreased since Calderón began his drug war , and drug production in Mexico is on the rise . In 2008 , according to the US State Department , potential heroin production reached 18 metric tons , up from 13 metric tons in 2006 , as production of opium gum rose to 149 metric tons , from 110 metric tons .
Is it willing to look the other way while a small nation destroys its democracy , violates human rights , and breaches its international covenants ?
With a few minor exceptions , migration is internal to the region , and a modus vivendi has been reached with the drug trade , mainly coca leaf and cocaine in Bolivia , Peru , and Colombia .
In most of these countries , democratic development has not yet reached a point where a change in government is a routine part of political life and can take place without risking the country 's stability .
Slighting public opinion in so direct a way will have more far-reaching implications for Hong Kong 's future .
Opinion polls in Taiwan reflect public dismay over the Chinese legislation , and this negative sentiment will raise the pressure on President Chen , who recently antagonized some of his more ardent pro-independence supporters by reaching out to the pro-unification opposition People First Party .
For many years , scientists thought that these signals traveled along a few well-defined routes to reach a relay station in the brain called the thalamus .
Of the remaining 120 million , only 20 million are expected to reach the tenth year of school , with the rest dropping out along the way .
Indeed , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh recently expressed dismay over the fact that `` only 47 out of 100 children enrolled in class I reach class VIII . ''
Having earlier preached the gospel of its `` peaceful rise , '' China no longer is shy about showcasing its military capabilities and asserting itself on multiple fronts .
More importantly , as the world 's leader in stringent , real-time censorship of electronic communications , China is strongly placed to block any Arab contagion from reaching its shores .
At the end of a recent visit to Beijing with Pakistani Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani , Mukhtar reported that the Chinese government was more than happy to oblige whatever requests for assistance the Pakistani side made , including reaching an agreement to take over operation of the Gwadar port after the existing contract with a Singaporean government company expires .
The targets also can face Trojan-horse attacks by e-mail intended to breach their computers and allow the infiltrators to corrupt or transfer files remotely .
Having earlier preached the gospel of its `` peaceful rise , '' China is now beginning to take the gloves off , convinced that it has acquired the necessary muscle .
Before Deng launched his `` four modernizations , '' China had acquired global military reach by testing its first intercontinental ballistic missile , the DF-5 , with a range of 12,000 kilometers -LRB- 7,500 miles -RRB- , and developing a thermonuclear warhead .
Bilateral trade turnover reached $ 50 billion in 2003 , and Taiwanese took almost four million trips to the mainland .
Polar bears , which pile on fat to survive hibernation and yet do not become diabetic , may also hold clues for treating Type II diabetes , a disease associated with obesity that afflicts more than 190 million people worldwide , reaching epidemic proportions in many countries .
Deposits of hot dry rocks are common , and large amounts of heat are within reach in many places .
A brave concession , no doubt , but India has a more rigorous criterion for believing that Pakistan is truly serious about reaching a peaceful agreement : it wants Pakistan to dismantle the infrastructure of cross-border terrorism -- in particular , the training camps for Kashmiri separatists and their international jihadi brethren .
During the past three centuries , the human population has increased ten-fold , to more than six billion , and is expected to reach 10 billion in this century .
Undeterred by the still-untested ICTY 's reach , Serb soldiers finally overran Srebrenica itself -- despite its status as a `` safe area '' under UN protection -- 15 years ago , on July 11 , 1995 , and proceeded to expel the town 's people and execute 7,600 captives .
Today the great task is to calm the fears that our traditions are being undermined ; to reach out to people who are coming into our lands from other countries ; and to find a way of recreating our political ethic around the kernel of human rights , equality , non-discrimination , and democracy .
If the US is serious about reaching a constructive outcome in Copenhagen , it must set radical and practical targets , take responsibility for its historic carbon emissions , and commit itself to support developing countries ' efforts by means of capacity building , technology transfer , and finance .
In the process of reaching this decision , however , several long simmering issues have come to the fore .
This meant that his image if not his words reached out to millions who do not belong to his church .
On the other side of the balance sheet , and despite his global outreach , Pope John Paul II can not be described as particularly ecumenical .
Paradoxically , he found it easier to reach out to non-Christian religions .
Most of those in the top reaches of not only the civil service and the judiciary , but also politics , business , and academia used to be graduates of the famous grandes écoles .
Democracy was not just preached but practiced , and it could build on German traditions .
For them , the old world of traditional ties and customs is gone , but the new world of modernity remains out of reach .
Whatever the value of such theories , it is evident that the frustration of young people 's ambitions in modernizing countries makes them the object of preachers of hate and tempts them to leave the course of plodding progress and turn to more dramatic action .
I do not know how many Islamic leaders preach murder and mayhem in mosques and help recruit suicide bombers from among their congregants ; but even if it is only a handful , they pose a question that must be answered .
Direct incitement to violence is regarded -- as it should be - -- as an unacceptable abuse of free speech ; but much that is disagreeable about the David Irving 's and the hate preachers does not fall into this category .
A process that had begun with the Enlightenment had now reached the point at which `` anything goes . ''
When their absorptive capacities are reached , natural systems are liable to collapse into unproductive states .
The implications are far-reaching .
In due course , the Treasury would reach a judgment that would be technically expert , economically impartial , and politically neutral .
Mostly , these debates tended to reach the morose conclusion that a two-speed Europe would be hopelessly difficult to negotiate .
One consequence of last year 's enlargement is that it is forcing a far-reaching re-negotiation of all aspects of the EU budget .
Nout Wellink of the Dutch Central Bank has explicitly said that more disclosure would one day be needed as the ECB reaches maturity .
During this period , credit expanded rapidly as a share of GDP , reaching more than 300 % at the peak .
In the UK , the profits of financial intermediaries , which had averaged around 1.5 % of the whole economy 's profits in the 1970 's , reached 15 % in 2008 .
Women exposed to higher levels of the pesticide DDT before the age of fourteen have a five times higher chances of developing breast cancer when they reach middle age .
The political process has now reached a phase at which areas of convergence are emerging .
For example , the European Union has agreed to a climate and energy package with which it will be able to reach its target of a 20 % emission reduction over 1990 levels by 2020 -LRB- 30 % if other industrialized countries follow suit . within the United States , President Barack Obama has indicated his intention to achieve an 80 % reduction of greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 , and to return US emissions to 1990 levels by 2020 .
Upon reaching the top of the FNV , Holland 's largest trade union , Kok found himself in a position of considerable influence in Dutch economic policymaking .
The defining moment came with the Wassenaar agreement of that year -- a pact between employers and trade unions , reached with the active encouragement of government .
True , inward FDI reached about $ 70 billion in 2006 , but this is below the 1998-1999 peak , and a large share came from Latin American firms investing in neighboring countries , whereas inflows from Europe and the United States have fallen .
At its peak in the 1970 's , and again in the 1990 's , Latin America 's share of total global FDI reached 17 % .
If all goes well in China and India in the next generation -- and if nothing goes catastrophically wrong in the rich , post-industrial , North Atlantic core of the global economy -- the next generation will reach a real milestone .
Where they did , they and their representatives had no good way to think about how they could benefit from stimulative government policies to moderate economic downturns , and no way to reach the levers of power in any event .
If no deal to raise the debt ceiling is reached by August 3 , interest rates on United States Treasury bonds could spike , or they could remain stable , as investors decide they have other problems to worry about .
Expect more of the same in 2004 , when the current account deficit should reach 5.1 % of GDP , despite forecasts that the US economy will grow significantly faster than most of its trading partners .
By contrast , George W. Bush 's administration took office with stunningly good cards : a budget in substantial surplus , a trend of rapid productivity growth as the information-technology revolution reached critical mass , and a very low `` natural '' rate of unemployment .
Real GDP growth in Japan and western Europe is unlikely to reach even half the pace seen in the US .
In one sense , governments have learned the lesson Norman Angell preached .
The United States ' current-account deficit reached 5.7 % of GDP in the second quarter of 2004 .
Economists are now awakening to the realization that the most interesting questions they face were always beyond the reach of Marshall 's toolkit .
As more time passes with neither the value of the dollar declining sharply nor market forces beginning to shrink America 's current-account deficit -- which may well reach $ 1 trillion this year -- two diametrically opposed reactions are emerging .
If fertility rates in relatively poor countries continue to follow the trends set by today 's relatively rich countries , we are within shouting distance of the world 's maximum population-9-10 billion-to be reached in 2050-2100 .
Thus , policies aimed at boosting employment by the end of , say , this calendar year needed to be put in place about a year ago to have time to have reached their full effect .
On top of that , let us make a major leap of imagination and suppose that even though this scenario of the EU at `` Year Zero '' means we would not have a half-century of intra-European cooperation to draw on , the nations that today make up the EU would nevertheless be keen to adopt far-reaching joint policies .
Let 's suspend our disbelief , then , and try to imagine what Europe could and should be doing to tackle some of the most far-reaching and obstinate policy challenges that will determine whether the next 50 years are as constructive as the last .
Or , to put it another way , let 's look at our problems in the light of the EU 's existing mechanisms and its potential for creating far-reaching new policies , and then let 's ask ourselves why the EU is n't realizing its own potential and delivering the goods .
The aim should be that `` soft power '' instruments like EU development aid and economic partnerships would be linked with a growing sense of political and security outreach to ensure Europe is a global player to be reckoned with .
Contagion soon spread across East Asia , with the ripple effects of serial currency devaluations reaching as far as Russia and Brazil .
Rather than criticize China , US President Barack Obama and Lee should now reach out to the Chinese for thorough debriefings about what was learned from Kim 's visit -- on security as well as economic issues .
America has reached a pivotal moment in its national and global history , with new hopes for intercultural exchange , dialogue , and mutual understanding .
The requirement that evictions take place only for a valid `` public purpose , '' with fair compensation , and following consultation of those affected , is honored more in the breach than in the observance .
English now seems to have reached the point of no return in its accelerating global expansion , competing with national languages in such diverse fields as popular music , transport , the Internet , banking , cinema and television , science , and sports .
While production had been just over five million tons in 1957 , he expected the country to catch up with or even surpass the United States by 1962 , producing 80-100 million tons per year , and to reach 700 million tons per year by the mid-1970 's , making China the undisputed world leader .
Today , Mao 's dream of catching up with the rest of the world has been realized , albeit a bit behind schedule , not only in steel making , where annual capacity has reached 660 million tons , but in many other sectors as well .
So , instead of acting to defend our civilization , we prefer to discuss reducing our 35-hour workweek or improving our dental coverage , or extending our four weeks of annual paid vacation . Or perhaps we listen to television pastors preach about the need to `` reach out to terrorists , '' to understand and forgive .
Or perhaps the Justices were simply reacting to the Administration 's constant overreaching .
For the past six years , a global effort -LRB- called DOTS-Plus -RRB- to treat people with MDR-TB under strict conditions has been underway , reaching thousands with previously untreatable TB .
It will take a few years to reach a frightening level of crisis , but Japan seems determined to get there .
In September , when UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon convenes a summit in New York to renew the drive toward reaching the MDGs , the world leaders in attendance should endorse their use to address MDG priorities in areas other than health .
International prices of maize , rice , and wheat , for example , reached their highest levels in 30 years , causing political and economic instability -- and leading to food riots -- in many countries .
With the US seeking to line up nine votes in the security council in favor of declaring Iraq in `` material breach '' of Security Council resolution 1441 , Mexico 's stance toward the US will become vital in the coming days and weeks .
In distancing itself from the US , Mexico was able to reach out to the broader world .
They produce skin-deep democracies in which people have a vote but do n't really have a stake , in which wealth is increasingly concentrated and income disparities are harder to breach .
For example , when initial reports surfaced about the first swine flu cases , it took three weeks for the information to reach federal health authorities , because state governments were reluctant to report cases quickly due to political and electoral considerations .
With fears mounting that one or another euro-zone country may default , yield spreads on government bonds between EMU countries have reached record highs .
From 1978 to 2003 , annual real GDP growth in China averaged 8.1 % while growth in Mexico -- the fastest in Latin America , barely reached 1 % a year .
Indeed , Mexico 's trade deficit with China reached $ 9 billion in 2003 .
Civil-society organizations do not gain power through elections -LRB- legitimate or otherwise -RRB- , but through reaching the broader world .
We are also working on a project along these lines , reaching out to target populations with two-way new media such as the Internet and mobile phones , rather than harangues in newspapers and TV .
Emergencies should not be dealt with on an ad hoc basis by 27 finance ministers frantic to reach a solution before the Asian markets open .
Imperial overreach , political polarization , and a costly financial crisis are weighing on the economy .
Disbursing more than 20 % of the credits available to a country still requires that it first reach an agreement with the IMF , and 20 % of a country 's entitlement is actually less than it contributes to the pool .
Financial markets and institutions with global reach need a global macro-prudential regulator , not just a loosely organized college of supervisors .
Governor Mervyn King of the Bank of England once called it the NICE decade -LRB- No Inflation , Continuing Expansion -RRB- -- a time when the economy reached the promised land of high growth and price stability .
But , for some countries , such as Greece , Ireland , and Spain , this would not be enough to reach sustainable debt levels in 2020 .
Well , it is one of those all-too-frequent late-night compromises reached by EU heads of state and government that seek to slither around and through some practical problems while postponing others .
The compromise reached at Nice four years ago is important because it contains , among other provisions , all the technicalities of voting balances and power sharing among EU institutions that must be firmly in place before the Union can admit new members .
The most recent precedent was the bipartisan agreement reached earlier this year on another fiscal issue that threatened to disrupt the normal functioning of government : the absence of a formally approved budget for this year .
Political and legal reforms in Turkey in recent years have been remarkably far-reaching , for they have clearly been spurred by Turks ' wish to move closer to the EU .
Unfortunately , instead of reaching out to endangered nations like Ukraine , the EU beacon remains dark and its leaders silent .
The history of Franco-German reconciliation is impressive indeed . But it can no longer be taken for granted that other EU countries will automatically ratify the agreements that they reach between themselves as the lodestar for common policies .
`` Earlier generations faced down fascism and communism not just with missiles and tanks , '' Obama preached in his famous campaign speech in Berlin , `` but with sturdy alliances and enduring convictions . ''
Instead , NATO expanded to Russia 's doorstep , the European Union barred its doors , and membership in the World Trade Organization seemed out of reach .
Moreover , anatomically modern populations shared a number of these innovations with Neanderthals , which many anthropologists and geneticists consider a different species , or a human type inherently incapable of reaching our cognitive level .
Three older missiles , launched in his presence , failed to reach their targets on Kamchatka .
Opposing parties use the same weapons , develop comparable tactics , and preach increasingly similar ideals .
Preaching nationalism , its managers will believe in their universal competence , as opposed to KGB-style professionalism and corporatism .
We will see more persecution of scientists , journalists , and businessmen , whose work with international charities , media , or corporations will now be construed as treachery .
To be sure , Britain 's Neville Chamberlain and France 's Edouard Daladier signed a shameful treaty with Hitler and Mussolini in Munich . But when Hitler breached the treaty , both Chamberlain and Daladier lost popular support , and , by the start of WWII , neither was still in office .
Even as the NATO-led intervention in Libya was being widely criticized for overreaching its narrow mandate , a major General Assembly debate in July 2011 reaffirmed overwhelming support among UN member states for the RtoP concept , in all of its dimensions .
Once in obvious breach of the NPT , universal participation in a much tougher sanctions regime is seen in Iran as inevitable .
Declaring a no-fly zone is not a `` soft '' option : it must mean being prepared to shoot down any fighters , bombers , or helicopter gunships that breach it .
When states preach virtues they do not practice , or set lower hurdles for allies , trading partners , or co-religionists than they do for others , irritation and non-cooperation are the least they can expect .
But in the real world , how consistent is it possible to be in responding to genocide and other mass atrocities , treaty breaches , border violations , or other serious trespasses against international law ?
Most leaks are likely to involve some breach of law by the original source , if not by the publisher .
Europe must be reinvented for this purpose , and broadening the EMU 's reach is the right place to start .
The result is the March trade deficit , caused mainly by exceptionally high annual import growth -LRB- 65 % -RRB- coupled with relatively low export growth , which reached a nominally impressive 24 % only because of the sharp decline recorded in the base period .
For it to be useful , believers in scarce oil must be able to predict such things as the timing of the oil peak , the state of demand when oil production reaches it , and the pattern of decline .
According to the International Service for the Acquisition of Agri-biotech Applications -LRB- ISAAA -RRB- , GM crop adoption is growing at double-digit rates , reaching 114.3 million hectares in 23 countries in 2007 .
The Falling Dollar CAMBRIDGE -- When the euro 's value reached an all-time high of $ 1.52 , Jean-Claude Trichet , the president of the European Central Bank , told the press that he was concerned about its rapid appreciation and wanted to `` underline '' the United States Treasury 's official policy of supporting a strong dollar .
America 's Saving Rate and the Dollar 's Future CAMBRIDGE -- The saving rate of American households has risen sharply since the beginning of the year , reaching 6.9 % of after-tax personal income in May , the highest rate since 1992 .
But , after 1985 , a variety of changes caused saving to decline until it reached less than 2 % in 2007 .
After varying between 25 % and 50 % of GDP for the past half-century , the recent budget deficits have caused the debt to reach 62 % of GDP .
The household saving rate therefore continued to fall until it was below 5 % at the end of the 1990 's and reached just above 2 % in 2009 .
Earlier this year , economic forecasters were predicting that annual GDP growth would reach 3 % or more in the second half of 2010 .
But then the saving rate fell by a full percentage point , reaching 5.3 % in December 2010 .
Its pace of expansion may not reach the double-digit rates of recent years , but China in 2010 will probably grow more rapidly than any country in Europe or in the western hemisphere .
`` The revolution will start from Algiers and reach Paris . ''
It is not revolutionary , nor does it preach violence .
But worse still , in troubled times conventional Euro-politicians instinctively reach for consensus , cohabitation , and coziness . So now the mainstream is re-thinking its policies , aping or assimilating the extremists , hoping to emasculate them by embracing them in government , or luring their votes by imitating their agenda .
We will also sign a far-reaching free-trade agreement with the EU .
The high price for refusing such a proposal has to be made absolutely clear to the Iranian leadership : should no agreement be reached , the West will do everything within its power to isolate Iran economically , financially , technologically , and diplomatically , with the full support of the international community .
In November 2004 , a peaceful solution was within reach , when the government and rebels signed a ceasefire and humanitarian agreement .
The damage to German-Polish relations also goes beyond the spat between the two governments , and reaches deep into both German and Polish societies .
Indeed , the circumstances under which the Brussels compromise has been reached leave a bitter aftertaste .
Such periods always follow revolutions and times of far-reaching change .
The only way out of this dilemma is to set a reachable and realistic goal .
Switzerland and Australia surprisingly reached the elimination round , and the Asian and African teams disappointed somewhat , with only Ghana advancing .
Solving this problem will require the internationalization of access to civilian nuclear technology , along with filling the security gap under the existing NPT and substantially more far-reaching monitoring of all states that want to be part of such a system .
This type of nationalism , or `` Arab socialism , '' reached its apex during the Cold War , when it could lean on Soviet military , political , and economic support .
The US intervention has brought about four far-reaching changes in the region :
· Iran 's hegemonic ambitions have been unleashed , and the country has been helped to a strategic position that it could never have reached on its own .
In addition to far-reaching political and economic cooperation , the offer promises cooperation on nuclear matters , including the construction and supply of the newest light-water reactors in Iran , as well as Iranian access to nuclear research and development -- provided that there is a negotiated settlement .
Brown 's fate has far-reaching effects for both Germany and France , because it is seen as the writing on the wall .
It is Obama 's policy of reaching out to Iran that offers the country this unique opportunity -- if , and it 's a big `` if , '' the Iranian leadership takes it up .
After this terrible crime , countries -- including in the Arab world -- were ready to embrace far-reaching steps .
The past two decades also have seen the world begin to reach its ecological limits .
A restructuring of the economy will be much more difficult , because it will have to be more far-reaching .
By intervening in Lebanon , Europeans have made a far-reaching , risk-fraught , and , at the same time , correct decision .
A sense of alienation towards the West is spreading , and Turkey 's diplomatic relations with Russia have reached a hitherto unknown intimacy .
This may sound simple , but it will have far-reaching consequences for the coming century 's international order .
Otherwise , China would quickly reach its `` limits to growth , '' with disastrous ecological and , as a result , political consequences .
How can these far-reaching aims be achieved within the eurozone -LRB- together with non-eurozone EU members that want to join in -RRB- ?
And now the crisis has reached the southern shore of the Mediterranean , in the form of a revolution in Tunisia and a political showdown in Lebanon that has once again brought the country to the verge of war and disaster .
Israel , too , would be well advised to prepare for epochal change in the region and try to reach a peace settlement with the Palestinians and Syria as quickly as possible .
Fukushima has presented the world with a far-reaching , fundamental choice .
This is good , because only then will a reliable democratic consensus on Europe 's future be reached .
Without a fundamental turnaround in American political consciousness , the unilateralist amnesia of US foreign policy will have far-reaching consequences and leave a huge vacuum in the global system .
What is interesting and really new in the US administration 's recently announced policy is the way it reaches beyond Iraq , to deal with Iran , Syria , and the Gulf states .
Whatever the answer , the consequences -- whether good or bad -- will be far-reaching .
And food shortages could grow much worse , as world population is expected to reach nine billion by 2050 or earlier .
A low point -- perhaps one should say the height of ridiculousness -- was reached last year when rating agencies intensified their surveillance of government debt , and markets that had been victimized by the agencies ' incompetence and bad faith became fixated on their evaluations .
In the years following 2000 but before the financial crisis hit , the proportion of SWF equity investments allocated to foreign markets had been increasing , reaching a peak of 90 % during the second quarter of 2008 .
When urging a colleague to come to the meeting , one committee member noted that if somebody were to catch cold , a completely different decision might be reached .
In March 2000 , EU leaders meeting in Lisbon set the goal of making Europe the world 's most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy by 2010 , and two years later they agreed that investment in R&D must reach 3 % of GDP by 2010 .
In response to the recurrence of well-publicized and highly damaging scandals in recent years , many universities and some entire national research funding agencies now convene `` institutional review boards '' to deal with breaches of what has come to be known as `` research ethics . ''
For most Chinese , Libya is a far-away and out-of-reach country , owing to China 's limited capacity to project power .
But Myanmar and the other Mekong River countries are supposed to be the country 's `` good neighbors , '' and are completely within reach of Chinese power , so public anger over threats to the country 's interests in these places is intense .
This objective seemed to be entirely within reach -- or at least possible -- until the first half of 2003 .
It takes time to reach a decision on whether or not to invest in a project , and once an investment decision is made , it becomes rather difficult to stop the process quickly .
The Roots of China 's Rapid Recovery BEIJING -- China 's GDP is estimated to have grown 8.7 % year on year in 2009 -- once again the highest rate in the world -- with the fourth-quarter increase reaching 10.7 % , compared to 6.3 % in the fourth quarter of 2008 .
Finally , the drug reaches the market , where it must be followed closely , because many adverse reactions are detected only with a large number of patients and after years of use .
And , having run negative real interest rates , printed money , plowed in liquidity , and subsidized commercial banks , central bankers everywhere -- most recently US Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke -- appear to have concluded that they , too , have reached the limit of what they can do .
Countries claiming to have reached the limit of what they can do really mean that they have reached the limit of what they can do on their own .
The call for Saddam Hussein 's resignation by Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahayan of the UAE before the US invasion suggests that at least some Arab leaders are prepared to welcome far-reaching change in their region .
Grandparents are often unable or unwilling to care for them , and the pathological education given to them by criminal gangs often puts them beyond the reach of any institution 's ability to rehabilitate them .
Most Russians reached this conclusion long before the Beslan attack .
Investment this year could reach a record-high 30 % of GDP , and changes in education , health , and justice have transformed society .
Ironically , a recent trend reaches far into the past , to a traditional Japanese concept known as katachi , which is emerging as an international movement .
Solutions such as these are not explored , however , because they are not within obviously immediate reach , as the atomic bomb and the lunar landing were .
Reagan and I were nonetheless able to create a reservoir of constructive spirit through constant outreach and face-to-face interaction .
Although China 's official growth rate reached 8 % in 2002 , its high budget deficit and large stock of non-performing loans -LRB- about 40 % of GDP -RRB- mean that it can not afford any slowdown if it is to keep people employed , especially in rural areas .
Despite uncertainty about Putin 's intentions , that prize is not out of reach .
Practically all developing countries ' reserves are invested in developed countries ' assets , leading to an increasing net transfer of resources from the developing to the developed world , which , according to UNDESA estimates , reached $ 720 billion in 2007 alone .
The troubled country could then rapidly obtain a large IMF loan , given that the eurozone countries ' quotas total about ¤ 60 billion -- and that IMF loans can easily reach multiples of the quota .
The sub-prime crisis has so far affected mainly financial markets in the US and Europe . This is not surprising if one considers that on both sides of the Atlantic prices have reached historical peaks and , until recently , had accelerated .
The text mostly replicates the structure of Convention Chairman Valery Giscard d'Estaing 's `` skeleton '' Constitution , presented last November , and the conclusions reached by the Convention 's working groups .
Like the Clintons , the Kirchners knew from early on in their marriage that they wanted to reach the top , and the best way to do it , they concluded , was together .
PARIS -- Economic crisis has now reached both shores of the Mediterranean , and the risk of a lasting depression has become very real .
In the past , when state economic decision-making reached such an impasse , wars and\/or revolutions were the inevitable result .
Twenty years after the world supposedly reached `` the end of history , '' we are instead at another historical turning point .
The recent G-8 meeting in Scotland , as well as concerts and celebrity activism , has put a spotlight on the amount of international assistance reaching the countries and peoples of Africa .
The result is that anti-Americanism has grown in both reach and intensity .
Here , and elsewhere , the US will need to take the lead ; the parties can not be expected to reach consensus by themselves .
Pakistan 's western reaches are now a sanctuary for militias and terrorists that are moving in and out of Afghanistan .
The International Atomic Energy Agency just reported that Iran may well reach this point in 2009 .
Others deemed this to be too dangerous in an era defined by nuclear weapons , and the US opted instead for a policy of containment , working to limit the reach of Soviet power and influence .
But reaching an accord that sets binding ceilings for what each country will be allowed to emit is not an option in Copenhagen .
It is important here to keep in mind that containment , the dominant doctrine of the Cold War era , sought to push back against Soviet and Communist expansion -- not just to limit the reach of Soviet power , but to frustrate it -- in order to create a context in which the inherent flaws of communism and authoritarian rule would come to the fore .
But far-reaching change both in Iraq and the Middle East is certain to take time .
The task now is to persuade Palestinians and Israelis to begin the process , to start taking steps to improve the situation on the ground so that they can tackle more far_reaching matters at the negotiating table .
The US is similarly prepared to respond if Syria demonstrates far_reaching changes in behavior .
This era 's major states , developed and emerging alike , have the ability to reach accord on today 's defining issues . Their willingness to do so will determine when and how this period of global transition ends and what succeeds it .
While it may be difficult for people around the world to comprehend this , given the global reach of the United States , it is an undeniable fact .
Iraq , the second most expensive `` war of choice '' -LRB- after Vietnam -RRB- in American history , is for the United States reaching a level of effort that will no longer absorb substantial military and economic resources or garner significant domestic political attention .
But it is too soon to know whether change in Egypt will be far-reaching and lasting , much less positive , and thus too soon to assess its historic impact .
The establishment of a Palestinian state will not be enough for those terrorists who want to see the elimination of the Jewish state , any more than reaching a compromise over Kashmir will satisfy those Pakistan-based terrorists with bigger agendas vis-à-vis India .
Disturbing trends , such as a demographic youth `` bulge '' combined with high youth unemployment rates -- reaching almost 40 % in some places -- highlight potentially explosive social conditions .
The welfare state , largely associated with the reformist social-democratic movement , is now reaching its limits in the form of uncontrolled public deficits and unsupportable levels of taxation .
Even with a world population that continues to add tens of millions of new mouths every year , given continuing growth in Haber-Bosch fertilizer and a surprising trend toward a worldwide decline in birth rates -LRB- if you live about 50 years longer , according to the best estimates , you 'll see humanity reach zero population growth -RRB- , it might be within humanity 's grasp to avoid mass starvation forever .
The parliament 's decision will be far-reaching , and will affect European finance for many years to come .
The UN , the EU , Greece , Turkey , and UN Security Council members must be united in their support for any renewed effort to reach a settlement .
So bridging the human dignity deficit , the divide between haves and have-nots , will be essential to reaching any viable political settlement between Palestinians and Israelis .
It is our hope that all of us will reach out to this disaster 's victims with our whole hearts , and give , through the Nippon Foundation 's fund or through any other respected and recognized humanitarian organization , whatever we can to enable Japan 's thousands of victims to recover the simple dignity of normal life .
Ukraine has reached a crossroads .
Needless to say , reaching a consensus among such a diverse group of people from around the world was not easy .
Despite the seeming power of Germanys postwar Chancellors , the countrys political system can only be administered ; governance in the sense of addressing fundamental problems by enacting far-reaching reforms is usually impossible .
With more than a thousand points still to be agreed , all the policymakers I 've spoken to recently say that they can not see how a meaningful deal can be reached by December in Copenhagen .
The climate bomb is ticking , and there is a palpable sense of urgency among policymakers . For , as the UN 's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has explicitly warned , if emissions do not fall before 2015 , and only fall from then onwards -LRB- and the overall trend is that they have been rising -RRB- , we will reach the point of no return .
Every once in a while , a profession -LRB- most frequently , economics -RRB- determines that it has reached a consensus on how to solve a problem .
In fact , there is a large body of literature that indicates that even countries in the aftermath of internal conflict can reach a higher level of compliance with these standards .
Their crimes included , indirectly , the deaths of three of our colleagues -- Bob Frasure , Joe Kruzel , and Nelson Drew , who had died when the armored personnel carrier they were in plunged down a ravine as we attempted to reach Sarajevo by the only route available , a dangerous dirt road that went through sniper-filled , Serbian-controlled territory .
After ten hours , we reached an agreement that would end the siege , after more than three years of war .
While no doubt willing to make use of Islamic extremists who dream of expelling American troops from the land of the holy places of Mecca and Medina , Hussein is the only regional actor with a global reach who is motivated to kill Americans for the sake of killing them , to avenge his regime 's humiliating defeat in the Gulf War .
Speaker after speaker accused General Musharaf 's government of treachery and denounced its cooperation with the FBI in nabbing Al-Qaida members .
Worst of all , aid is not reaching those most affected .
As part of the trade-off , terrorist leaders who are officially under house arrest -- like Maulana Masood Azhar and Hafiz Saeed -- remain able to open offices , address rallies , and preach jihad freely .
For the short term , the IEA points out that very strong and determined action will be necessary to ensure that global CO2 emissions stop rising -LRB- the current increase is more than 3 % per year -RRB- , reach a peak by about 2015 , and then decline steadily toward the 2050 target .
I do n't want to reach the destination that some of our partners may aspire to . But I do n't want to block their way .
Yet , despite these far-reaching changes , the dynamics of the OSCE 's presence have scarcely budged .
Banned from local media and mostly on the run , revolutionaries used Al Jazeera to reach -- and mobilize -- their own people .
This month 's elections in Iraq and for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority may be claiming all the world 's headlines , but another potentially far-reaching ballot is also underway , albeit to far less acclaim : the registration process for the municipal elections in Saudi Arabia in mid-February .
But recent democratic trends worldwide have now reached the shores of this medieval desert kingdom and can no longer be ignored .
Investment by both the public and private sector permitted Estonia to reach by the mid-1990 's a level of IT that was above the EU average .
By 2000 , Estonia 's IT development in government services and sectors like banking had reached a level attained by only a few other countries in Europe .
Although Iraq 's interim constitution gave the Assembly exclusive control over the drafting process , the Assembly wisely reached out beyond its membership in creating a constitutional drafting committee .
Instead , all Iraqis were allowed to participate in the process , and , though consensus was not ultimately reached , that , too , was a part of the democratization process .
Another sign will be the extent to which the newly elected leadership , which is likely to be largely the same as the current leadership , reaches out to real Sunni leaders .
This left the floor open to Chávez to isolate Colombia and preach against the US .
Although his presence dramatically fuelled the situation for a time , Brazilian diplomats , working with the US , were able to reach agreement with Honduran authorities to allow Manuel Zelaya to return to office .
If they maintain the growth rates recorded over the past five years , it will take them more than two decades to reach the current per capita income of less wealthy OECD members Mexico and Turkey .
In other words , the financial world has reached a kind of carnival season , in which fools are wise and clever people turn out to be idiots .
The idea of the larger bank reached its high point in continental Europe , and especially in Germany , whose big banking system developed out of trade finance and into industrial finance in the late nineteenth century .
The creation of money is often thought to be the domain of the state : this was the prevalent doctrine of the nineteenth century , reaching its apogee in the German economist Georg Friedrich Knapp 's The State Theory of Money .
A long-term alternative requires some capacity to write down debt where it has reached excessive levels .
Goodbye to `` Globalization '' FLORENCE -- The term `` globalization '' first swept the world in the 1990 's and reached its highpoint of popularity in 2000 and 2001 .
Recapitalization has not yet reached the point where there are enough strong banks .
Argentina , for example , reached a voluntarily negotiated agreement in 1893 .
The Iraq war emissions may therefore reach the equivalent of three months of normal global civilian release .
So it took another couple of months before the grain reached the farmers .
Such major losses in fishing capacity , with their far-reaching negative socio-economic consequences on the human populations affected , are bound to have major , mostly favourable , effects on the fish stocks . The reason is simple : with most fish populations nowadays hit hard by over-fishing , fewer fishermen will mean more fish .
To protect the stratospheric ozone layer , international agreements have been reached to ban the use and trade of the ozone-destroying chemicals called chlorofluorocarbons -LRB- CFC 's -RRB- .
Instead , the EU , the ECB , and Ireland have reached a Faustian bargain that keeps Ireland liquid -LRB- i.e. , it gets euros -RRB- , but does nothing to halt the growing likelihood of insolvency -LRB- i.e. , its increasing inability to pay back those euros in the future -RRB- .
How long does default last before the country can reach an agreement with its creditors ?
But this was not a case of over-regulating and over-reaching .
As the money rolled in , wages rose , real-estate prices reached to near-Parisian levels , and people fooled themselves into thinking that Kazakhstan had become Asia 's latest tiger .
The Irish banking system 's external borrowing reached roughly 100 % of GDP -- two Kazakhstans .
The doctrine according to which great powers , many of them nuclear-armed , try to stop lesser powers from acquiring nuclear weapons by force and threats of force -- a fiasco in Iraq , nuclear-armed North Korea , and now Iran -- has reached a dead end .
The TTP has an estimated 30,000-35 ,000 adherents from all of Pakistan 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas , the near lawless regions where the writ of Pakistan 's government barely reaches .
The failed Times Square attack demonstrates the TTP 's growing transnational ambitions -LRB- but also that the group 's reach exceeds its grasp , at least for now -RRB- .
As these debates fill the air in finance ministries and economics departments around the globe , India continues its steady GDP growth , now projected to reach 9.4 % this year .
Today that figure is one in two -- 3.3 billion people , according to United Nations statistics -- and the percentage of urban dwellers is expected to reach 70 % by 2050 .
Things have clearly moved on from Copenhagen , when the priority was to reach agreement between those countries that have been chiefly responsible for global warming .
This is a key conclusion of the 2003\/2004 African Economic Outlook , published recently by the OECD . While almost half of Africa 's 53 countries could profitably produce hydropower , only 7 % of this potential is reached because of poor infrastructure and the high costs of initial investments .
The events of recent months have exacted a heavy short-term economic toll , but they have potentially far-reaching long-term implications .
If none of the above constitutes a breach of democratic principles , one wonders what would .
Moreover , there is nothing to indicate that the government aid proposed in the budget will reach those who need it with any more efficiency than the dismal record so far .
But the Bush administration 's vision was , and remains , flawed , for it regards the US-India relationship solely as a strategic one that enhances both countries ' military reach .
The military reorganization that the NDPO envisages is far-reaching .
According to South Korean news reports , in addition to its existing mid-range Nodong missiles , North Korea has improved its Scud missiles , extending their range to reach Japan 's main islands .
A former deputy chairman of the Central Bank of Turkmenistan and later an outspoken critic of Turkmenbashi 's government , Hadjiev , a senior member of the exiled Watan -LRB- Republican -RRB- Party , received `` humanitarian parole '' -- a protected category of individuals that falls short of refugee status -- when he reached Bulgaria .
Moreover , Russia 's dialogue with the European Union reached a dead end in 2004 .
But we placed amateurs in charge of dealing with Ukraine -- amateurs with far-reaching commercial interests .
For example , there is talk of installing anti-missile defense systems in Poland in proximity to the Russian border , supposedly to prevent terrorist missile strikes , which by definition can not reach Poland .
The few accords reached at the summit , although welcome , are not as significant as the impression that the summit created that world leaders are ready to work together to confront nuclear proliferation .
The World Bank , too , has recently been resurrected in places like Ecuador , Bolivia , and Peru , with loans to that region of Latin America up four-fold year on year since last September , reaching nearly $ 3 billion .
Before that decision is reached , the international community needs to provide humanitarian assistance and medical supplies to the rebels in eastern Libya .
That transformation was far-reaching .
But that should n't stop the West from reaching out to him directly , or pressing him to publicly appoint the representatives who negotiate with the West .
Although oil prices reached an all-time high in 2008 , unemployment and inflation -LRB- now 31 % -RRB- are out of control and the government is facing a $ 44 billion budget deficit .
Perhaps one of the most significant elements in Iran 's stagnation is that the Revolutionary Guards control a large portion of the economy , and are beyond the reach of government regulation .
Moreover , a world map showed outreach to rural areas of East Africa and Southeast Asia , and the room has been upgraded to reflect a still-expanding global reach .
Globalization and someone 's vague idea -- no , dream -- of la dolce vita had reached the depths of Russia .
Back then , a peaceful and honest result was reached in the end because Ukraine 's President Leonid Kuchma refused to heed Yanukovich 's call to use violence to defend his rigged election .
Works such as The Red Wheel series of novels , a tedious account of the end of Imperial Russia and the creation of the USSR , or his last book , written in 2001 , entitled Two Hundred Years Together on the history of Russian-Jewish coexistence , seem backward , preachy , conservative , unenlightened , at times even anti-Semitic , and smack of Solzhenitsyn 's own grim authoritarianism .
Within days of the crisis , her government was in talks with the International Monetary Fund to secure a loan to backstop Ukraine 's economy against the worst , and reached agreement with near-record speed , despite domestic political objections to the rigor of its terms .
At considerable domestic political risk , Tymoshenko concluded a long-term gas transit and purchase agreement with Russia that is transparent and market-oriented , as well as a far-reaching agreement with the European Union , the World Bank , the EBRD , and the European Investment Bank on reform of Ukraine 's gas sector and gas-transit system .
The Greek Cypriot leader , Demetris Christofias , and his Turkish Cypriot counterpart , Mehmet Ali Talat , are working hard to reach an agreement .
I believe that a solution is within reach .
To help Haiti help itself , we must extend our reach .
On top of all this , we face a new generation of threats , unlike any in history , which spill across borders and have global reach .
Yet we have achieved enough to know that the goals are within reach .
Globally , the UN Environment Program estimates that investment in low-greenhouse-gas energy will reach $ 1.9 trillion by 2020 .
In Germany , environmental technology is expected to quadruple over the coming years , reaching 16 % of manufacturing output by 2030 and employing more people than the auto industry .
But these accounts seldom reach the public .
We have one year until they meet in Copenhagen -- one year to reach an agreement that all nations can embrace .
We have only 12 short months until a key summit in Copenhagen , where world leaders will gather next December to reach an agreement to curb global warming .
The wave 's height reached 15 meters , towering above even the highest pole-vault bars .
The company is planning to build a new factory in 2011 , with production capacity of 300,000 cars per year for a market expected to reach two million in sales this year .
At the G-7 meeting in Canada in February , the focus was on the Greek financial crisis and its international implications . Kan jokingly told journalists that he was glad the meeting was not addressing Japan 's public debt , which has now reached almost ¥ 900 trillion .
In attempting to fulfill these inconsistent pledges , government spending this year will reach an all-time high of ¥ 92.3 trillion .
Unless China demonstrates that it can reach peaceful accommodations in its sovereignty disputes with its neighbors , its claims to a `` peaceful rise '' will appear unconvincing not only in Washington , but in capitals across Asia .
This new strategy would be further strengthened if the international community abandoned the current counter-narcotics policy -- including an end to aerial eradication -- and helping Karzai reach a political settlement with mid-ranking , `` moderate '' insurgents .
It is as if the crisis in the EU 's center had not reached its Balkan periphery .
For one thing , while Europe 's doctrine of social solidarity preaches fairness and equality , it masks an `` insiders ' society '' that is spectacularly unjust at the upper end of the income spectrum .
Because of the late start and slow pace , the Governing Council had reached only the 4 % mark when the current financial crisis effectively put a lid on further rate hikes .
Noyer 's diplomatic skill certainly will be put to the test if he has to navigate the treacherous waters between the Scylla of French protectionism and the Charybdis of the EU 's five criteria for bank mergers .
As the odds for the Buzek government being re-elected receded because of public dissatisfaction with it , stealing , treachery , and corruption began to run amuck .
Lee must reach out to the opposition , both within his party and outside it , to build agreement or negotiate compromise on the contentious issues that his administration faces .
He must reach out to the people of Korea and demonstrate that he is willing to listen to their concerns and act accordingly .
Through the spread of Chinese characters , the concept of ren and the Golden Rule spread throughout the vast Chinese-influenced area that reaches from Central Asia to Taiwan and from Korea to Singapore .
? We must cultivate mutual respect and consideration , so as to reach a reasonable balance of interests , instead of thinking only of unlimited power and unavoidable competitive struggles ;
If a sufficient number of Arabs reached that threshold at the right time , the long-docile Arab street would explode in anger , with each group of new protesters encouraging more to join in , giving people elsewhere in the Arab world the courage to initiate protests of their own .
Fears abound among Palestinians of another spasm of violence if no agreement is reached before Annapolis and this round of talks fails .
But the Israeli government and army refuse , calling Hamas `` terrorists '' in order to deny them legitimacy , despite previously reaching understandings in southern Lebanon with Hezbollah , which they also consider a `` terrorist organization . ''
The international community must act quickly to force the Israelis to abandon its deterrence strategy and instead work on reaching an understanding that can result in a cessation of attacks by both sides .
Consumed with legitimate anger , Palestinians and Arabs failed to come up with a serious approach to reach out to Israelis and failed to devise a workable political strategy that would address Palestinian daily needs and national aspirations .
And , while Palestinians and Israelis did reach a secret agreement a few years later that was publicly declared at a White House ceremony , construction of Jewish settlements did n't stop .
Many recall the preferred strategy of former Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir : `` I would have conducted negotiations on autonomy for ten years , and in the meantime we would have reached a half-million people in the West Bank . ''
By focusing on the need to reach agreements on borders within a short time period , Palestinians are saying that they do not see any need to negotiate gradual steps , preferring to agree on the final settlement first and then work back on issues of implementation .
Of course , the public can and should be included through a national referendum in assessing the results once the talks have reached fruition and a comprehensive settlement is reached that both leaders say they can live with .
But , until that happy day arrives , or at least until the two sides have reached the contours of an agreement , direct talks and photo opportunities should be considered counter-productive .
But if left to Israelis and Palestinians alone , the goal of Palestinian independence within the 1967 borders of Palestine will most likely remain out of reach .
The cost is tiny : reaching 80 % of the world 's 140 million or so undernourished children would require a commitment of around $ 60 million annually , while the economic gains would eventually clear $ 1 billion a year .
The trouble with reaching definitive conclusions about this or any other contested aspect of India 's distant past is that , unlike in neighboring China , there is little in the way of an objective historical record to rely upon .
Although Russia 's rulers were by then communists in name only , they did n't hesitate to reach for the old Leninist recipes .
High Anxiety CHICAGO -- The United States has reached a point where almost half its population is described as being in some way mentally ill , and nearly a quarter of its citizens -- 67.5 million -- have taken antidepressants .
This led to the formation of new political parties , and the creation of regional councils in 1997 made it possible for leaders with strong local roots -- like Morales -- to reach Bolivia 's congress without any major party 's backing .
This money is distributed automatically to local governments , according to the model established by Morales 's predecessors , carrying resources to the farthest reaches of the country .
But it is not only local governments that have benefited ; through cash transfers created during the so called neo-liberal years , families have gained as well , most importantly through a universal and non-contributive old-age pension benefit given to persons over 60 , which reaches slightly more than 30 % of households .
Even a tolerant country such as Sweden must not tolerate those who preach intolerance .
If there is only natural mortality , about one thousand of these individuals survive to reach age eight years .
Well known , low-cost , and low-tech interventions do not reach those most in need -- for example immunization against tetanus , exclusive breastfeeding , simple care for low-weight babies , and antibiotics for infection .
Saving lives requires that mothers and babies in the highest-mortality countries be reached at the time of greatest risk .
As in the past , the effectiveness of these initiatives ultimately will depend on whether these impulses reach Europe and Japan , as well as emerging nations like China and Brazil .
But , since the OECD-countries -LRB- led by the United States and Australia -RRB- will soon overrun their carbon budgets even after far-reaching emissions reductions , they must cooperate with developing countries that still have budget surpluses .
Aside from a humanitarian crisis , with thousands drowning each year trying to reach Europe and thousands more detained , there is the soaring expense of border controls and bureaucracy , a criminalized people-smuggling industry , and an expanding shadow economy , where illegal migrants are vulnerable to exploitation , labor laws are broken and taxes go unpaid .
So Shtukaturov 's victory before the European Court of Human Rights on March 27 provides hope that a turning point has been reached .
This precedent will not be easy to roll back , and will have a far-reaching positive influence on China 's political progress .
Consultations are currently a bilateral matter , with no rules governing how they should be conducted -- and no requirement that any final agreement on arms-export decisions be reached .
By the late 1980 's , total public spending reached 60-65 % of GDP , compared to about 30 % in 1960 .
But bullying Georgia and Moldova , demonstrating support for Hamas , or indulging North Korea do not seem to be guided by any strategic sense of Russia 's far-reaching interests . They seem guided by pure and simple spite .
Contentious foreign policy makes contacts uneasy and agreements difficult to reach .
Though political resistance and financial limitations have slowed expansion , this is arguably the most far-reaching universal coverage scheme , because it creates competition among all kinds of insurers and health care providers .
The United Nations estimates that average life expectancy will reach 75 years by the middle of the century , and that the proportion of those going hungry will drop below 4 % .
As a result , less than 65 % of agricultural products in Latin America reach markets .
In August , temperatures there climbed 12.5 oC above the surrounding countryside , reaching 40oC -- a scorching heat that affected not only the downtown area , but also covered some 8,000 square kilometers .
This figure suggests that going to court can be a thankless exercise , and that many disputes probably never reach court .
Government can also reduce corruption by limiting the reach of its activities .
For the world , this trend has been more decisive : maximum ACE was reached in 1994 , and has plummeted for the past three years , while hurricanes around the world have for the past year been about as inactive as at any time since records began being kept .
The United Nations Secretary General says that `` it may be difficult for President Obama to come with strong authority '' to reach agreement in Copenhagen . Others blame developing countries -- particularly Brazil , China and India -- for a reluctance to sign up to binding carbon cuts .
And , because it would be cheaper and easier than carbon cuts , there would be a much greater chance of reaching a genuine , broad-based -- and thus successful -- international agreement .
Russia has reached the limit of growth derived from its post-communist reconstruction .
The main offensive from Kuwait must advance for 500 kilometers to reach Baghdad .
It will take that and more to reach Baghdad quickly .
So Israel is blocking Lebanon 's ports from the sea , has breached the runways of all three jet-capable airfields , including Beirut 's international airport , and remains ready to destroy generating plants and other high-value targets , if necessary , to generate sufficient political pressure on Hezbollah .
A fully developed contingency plan -- a sophisticated blend of amphibious , airborne , and ground penetrations to reach swiftly and deeply behind the front , before rolling back and destroying Hezbollah positions one by one from the rear , all the way to the Israeli border -- was never implemented .
Just when the world reached a consensus that Ahmadinejad was merely an instrument of the Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Khamenei , Ahmadinejad appointed a Vice-President against Khamenei 's wishes -LRB- though he later retracted the appointment -RRB- .
These divisions will allow new forces to emerge in Iranian society . So all means should be found to reach out to Iranian society at all levels .
The `` tipping point '' could come when we reach 450 ppm .
On the other hand , the desire to avoid confrontation can prevent meaningful agreements from being reached in a reasonable timeframe , and the appearance of consensus may merely mask the true politics at work .
Other provisions include curbing the far-reaching powers granted to the President in the 1971 constitution and introducing direct presidential elections with multiple candidates .
Because the growth of these cities has been accelerated and magnified by productive technologies , rapid internal migration , and high net reproduction rates , many have reached unprecedented sizes at breathless speed .
If , during this dialogue , a consensus is reached on the need to elect a new president , so much the better .
To be exiled from this last refuge represents the most brutal decentering of his being , a burning that reaches all the way to the core of creativity .
His carnivalesque odyssey of totalitarianism displays a world of misery , boredom , and obedience in its dark journey to an unreachable paradise .
The Old Testament tells how work on the tower in Shinar , in ancient Babylon , was disrupted because man aspired to reach the heavens and divinity .
In Romania , some leading intellectuals publicly condemned the so-called `` Jewish monopoly of suffering '' -- part of an `` international conspiracy '' that had reached , once again , the territory between the Danube and the Carpathians .
Commenting on the moment when `` Asiatic cholera '' kills the great and troubled writer Gustav von Aschenbach , a brilliant Asian student pointed out that Mann related the disease to the `` pestilence '' of the Ganges delta , which traversed China and Afghanistan , Persia and Astrakhan , and `` even Moscow , '' before reaching Europe through the `` city of the lagoon . ''
The irony is that , unless far-reaching changes are made soon , Mother India could eventually be the only woman left in the country .
The `` black '' economy has , by some estimates , reached 10 % of GDP in advanced countries and can top 70 % in developing countries .
Some developing countries have introduced a far-reaching VAT refund system for consumers who collect official receipts .
As typically happens in these cases , once a critical mass of tax evasion is reached , it can jump to much larger values .
As a result , America 's public debt has reached roughly 140 % of GDP .
Moreover , post-independence improvements in child survival triggered a rise in child dependency rates , which also reached historically unprecedented levels in the 1970 's and 1980 's .
Japan 's Treacherous Bureaucrats Much has been made of the massive defeat Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's Liberal Democratic Party suffered in the recent election to Japan 's Upper House .
Indeed , there is growing concern on both sides of the Pacific that Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama intends to turn away from the declining US hegemon and reach out to a rising China .
The base agreement -- reached after ten years of bilateral negotiations -- is the most practical option for avoiding potentially disastrous aerial accidents in a heavily populated area , and for reducing crimes committed by US soldiers against local Japanese , including , most notoriously , several rapes .
The DPJ is caught between a rock and a hard place , and Kan 's premiership will surely reach a stalemate .
They steered clear of establishing a heavy budget-fueled bureaucracy , leaving respective ministries to handle administering the accord . In 2008 , Mercosur intra-regional exports reached $ 41.6 billion , up by 28.4 % from 2007 .
By 2050 , the combined GDP of the largest 11 African economies should reach more than $ 13 trillion , surpassing Brazil and Russia -LRB- but not China or India -RRB- .
In 2008 , Africa 's combined economic output reached $ 1.6 trillion , and consumer spending totaled $ 860 billion .
According to the US Energy Department , within this decade American oil imports from Africa will reach 770 millions barrels annually , as exploration intensifies throughout the Gulf of Guinea , and as the US brokers peace in war-ravaged oil-producing countries , such as Sudan and Angola , and establishes strategic bases to safeguard output .
But , if a dysfunctional culture of leadership has put a similar agenda of unity and social progress out of reach for sub-Saharan Africa , so have the IMF and the World Bank .
According to the US Energy Department , America 's annual oil imports from Africa will soon reach 770 millions barrels , bringing an estimated $ 200 billion to the continent over the next decade .
If oil prices remain high -- likely in the foreseeable future , given strong demand from the US , Japan , China , and India -- oil revenues could reach $ 400-600 billion .
ASEAN foreign direct investment -LRB- FDI -RRB- flows reached US$ 38 billion in 2005 , up by 48 % from the previous year .
The outlook for 2006 was also bullish , with preliminary data for the first quarter indicating that FDI flows had already reached US$ 14 billion , up from US$ 7.4 billion in the year-earlier period .
But expanding the reach of monetary union raises two equally fundamental questions for current euro members : does formal political independence for the European Central Bank deliver truly independent judgements about policy ?
By recognizing that taking a chain saw to state bureaus does not automatically improve governance , we reached the second stage of our reform process .
The first baby boomers have reached retirement age , and the labor force will soon be shrinking in most parts of Europe .
Moreover , those women who do reach higher-ranking positions are susceptible to a visibility-vulnerability spiral , owing to their minority status .
In 2007 , as its external surplus reached a record of 7.5 % of GDP , Germany 's biggest bilateral surplus was with the US -LRB- ¤ 29.5 billion -RRB- , followed by Spain , France , the United Kingdom , and Italy .
In the constitutional convention , the Blair government accepted the inclusion of its provisions in the body of the text , but insisted on language limiting their reach .
This material incentive is in clear breach of the principle that organs should be distributed according to need only .
Even before the clouds of recession began to gather , Euroskepticism was on the rise , with the Commission blamed , rightly or wrongly , for the EU 's failure `` to reach out to the citizen . ''
As a result , farmers in future member countries will only receive 25 % of West European levels of direct payments when they join in 2004 , reaching parity only in 2013 .
History suggests that once an insurgency reaches `` critical mass , '' it takes a decade or more to eradicate it .
Nine million children die each year before reaching their fifth birthday ; 69 million school-age children are not in school ; 884 million people have no access to safe drinking water ; and 2.6 billion lack access to basic sanitation .
By failing to reach out meaningfully to the Tamil-speaking minority , and by cracking down on opposition voices and any kind of dissent in Sri Lanka , the government is throwing away a once-in-a-generation opportunity .
These victories create an opportunity for the government to reach out to the opposition and to minority groups to build a truly inclusive and democratic Sri Lanka , but this has not yet happened .
No significant special efforts have been made to reach out to the Tamil-speaking minority in order to understand better and address those legitimate concerns that found illegitimate expression through the LTTE .
The first of the marchers had reached the Square . The last still waited patiently in the park .
During the Round Table negotiations that brought about the end of communist rule , a compromise was reached between the reform wing of the communist government and Solidarity . This cleared a path to the peaceful dismantling of communist dictatorship throughout the entire Soviet bloc .
Bronek was proud of Poland 's stubborn will to freedom , its achievements , the democratic transformation which , thanks to the compromise reached at the Round Table negotiations , allowed for a bloodless end to dictatorship . He was proud of Poland 's membership in NATO and the European Union , of Polish economic successes .
After all , if over-populated countries with high unemployment can not export people , why not reach for higher tariff barriers to protect the jobs they have ?
Likewise , hundreds , if not thousands , of Africans die every year trying to reach the shores of Fortress Europe .
But not all those who need help are coming to get it , so Save the Children funds outreach workers to encourage families to use the services .
Ensuring that domestic demand decelerates to a more sustainable pace is necessary to moderate the upward pressure on prices that threatens the credibility of the inflation-targeting monetary-policy framework -- indeed , in April , the 12-month consumer inflation rate breached the upper limit of the central bank 's tolerance band .
It is not an international organization , and it has no legal authority to speak for the world or to establish rules , norms , or standards for any state except its own members -- that China is not a member demonstrates clearly the limits of its reach .
In reaching across this new frontier , the EU will need the same magnanimity and vision that it showed in bringing the new member states into the fold .
By 2006 , distrust of Americans , British , and French had reached 90 % , and attitudes toward Iraq 's neighbors were also tense .
By contrast , average fertility rates in the world 's poorest countries -- say , Somalia , Yemen , and Uganda -- are vastly higher , reaching more than seven births per woman .
So it is too early to say whether Bayrou can reach the second round .
Following Lionel Jospin 's humiliating defeat in 2002 , the Socialists simply would not survive a second consecutive failure to reach the second round .
Indian elites reach the same conclusion for different reasons .
For the French , Sarkozy 's determination to act , despite the odds , seems far superior to the passive cynicism of those who preach abstention or satisfy themselves with empty words .
And what about the foreign workers who have reached for the `` European dream '' and are now faced with potential explosions of xenophobia in Europe 's supposedly open countries ?
France may not have the military might of the US or the growth rate of China and India , but its team reached the World Cup championship , raising its standing in the eyes of billions of people -- and perhaps giving a reprieve to its unpopular government .
The ultimate goal is far-reaching integration in a Common Economic Space .
Trade links between the two countries are old and deep-rooted , and they were supposed to benefit after Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's visit to Turkey in 2008 , when it was decided that bilateral trade should double , to $ 20 billion , by 2011 , and reach $ 30 billion in 2012 .
Iran 's economy has yet to reach such a moment .
Fair rather than free competition in trade is proposed , but what does this mean if member states are not able to reach consensus on how to make it happen ?
Serious breaches can result in reprimands or dismissals .
In such an atmosphere , inclusion of politically incorrect content is not merely a risky move , but constitutes a breach of social decorum .
Advanced countries by themselves simply can not ensure that safe global CO2 levels are reached .
As for developing countries , while they would not have explicit credits or targets until they graduate to advanced-country status , they would know that at some point -LRB- say , when their carbon emissions reach the average level of advanced countries -RRB- they would be included in the global system of restrictions .
Without mitigation , and assuming that the high-growth developing countries reach current advanced-country levels of annual per capita CO2 emissions -LRB- 10 to 11 tons , though much higher in North America -RRB- , the current global average of 4.8 tons will almost double in 50 years , to 8.7 tons .
As a result , while many advanced and developing countries are pursuing far-reaching measures to increase energy efficiency and adopt clean-energy technologies , their existing technologies , incentives , regulations , and commitments imply a sharp rise in total carbon emissions in the coming decades .
Because asset prices will not reach pre-crisis levels anytime soon -LRB- that is , without inflating another bubble and risking renewed instability -RRB- , household saving in the United States has risen to about 5 % of disposable income , and probably will rise further .
Already , Libya 's leader , Muammar al-Gaddafi , and Qatar television preacher Sheikh Qaradawi have been ridiculed for putting an Arab or Islamist spin on events in Tunisia .
Tests should communicate lessons about rights and democracy , that is , politics -- not about lifestyles or the supposed core content of a `` national culture '' -LRB- on which established members of a host country themselves would probably be hard pressed to reach consensus -RRB- .
Greece 's fiscal deficit is expected to reach 12.7 % of GDP this year , far exceeding the SGP 's 3 % - of-GDP cap .
Of course , every euro-zone country is breaching the SGP 's deficit ceiling as a result of the current crisis .
First , unlike hybrid tribunals in East Timor , Kosovo , and Sierra Leone , international judges are a minority . -LRB- A `` super-majority '' voting mechanism will ensure that the vote of at least one international judge is needed to reach a judgment . -RRB-
Civic groups and the court will need to develop creative outreach strategies to target the predominantly rural population to ensure that all Cambodians have the opportunity to understand these proceedings .
Germany , where combined public and private aid for tsunami victims has reached $ 1.1 billion -LRB- making it the largest international donor -RRB- , says that it would like its aid to be used to foster peace settlements .
The mood in the US today is far from the point that it reached in 1973 and 1974 , when the drive to impeach Nixon and convict him in the US Senate forced him to resign .
That , at least , is the conclusion that some people have reached after Milosevic 's death in a Hague prison : the fact that he was able to drag out his trial for four years and still escape a verdict is considered proof that the international community is wasting its resources by putting such people on trial for their misdeeds .
We are thus slowly reaching the point where some of those contemplating crimes such as those committed by Slobodan Milosevic must recognize that one day they could be held accountable .
The indictment of al-Bashir , who is as entitled to the presumption of innocence as any other defendant , is another important milestone on the long road that must be traveled to reach the goal that the world set for itself .
That is why Human Rights Watch , which covered much of the same ground as Goldstone in its own reporting on Gaza -- and was also vigorously denounced by apologists for Israeli human rights abuses -- did not reach such a conclusion .
Moreover , Sweden 's far-reaching freedom of expression is one reason why Assange located WikiLeaks ' servers in the country .
It took at least a week for the first new neurons to reach their destination and acquire the looks of an adult neuron .
What struck me on both occasions was the sustained , and evidently successful , attempt to reach out to the two target groups upon whom the future of science and technology will depend .
The success of Europe 's newly established science centers and festivals in reaching their potential audiences reflects their invention of a new way of teaching and learning .
Concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere have reached 435 parts per million -LRB- ppm -RRB- of CO2-equivalent , compared with about 280 ppm before industrialization in the nineteenth century .
If we continue with business-as-usual emissions from activities such as burning fossil fuels and cutting down forests , concentrations could reach 750 ppm by the end of the century .
But reaching this target is not enough .
That is why any nation that does not provide opportunities for women will not reach its full potential .
But no such circumstance prompted the move to `` re-set '' relations with Russia , the journeys to mend fences with Latin America and Turkey , or efforts to reach out to Iran .
In the United States and elsewhere , there is a sense that the long-foreseen implosion of news publishing is accelerating , having reached a kind of critical mass .
The US economy is about twice the size of China 's ; if it grows by only 2 % annually , and China 's economy grows by 6 % , they could reach parity sometime after 2025 .
Countries tend to pick the low-hanging fruit as they benefit from imported technologies in the early stages of economic take-off , and growth rates generally slow as economies reach higher levels of development .
On the top board of military relations among states , the US is the world 's only superpower with global reach .
The US can not reach a trade agreement or settle anti-trust cases without the approval of the EU Commission .
It also means carrying on with the important role that Europe plays in foreign policy such as attracting Serbia to reach agreement on the future status of Kosovo , or continuing efforts to persuade Iran to give up its plans for the enrichment of uranium .
Eventually , after the dust has settled , it may be possible to reach inter-governmental agreements to tidy up some of the institutional arrangements that would have been settled if the new constitution had been approved .
Such a practical , effective EU may not reach the lofty rhetorical aspirations beloved by politicians , but it will not be moribund .
The answer is , not as clean as Harvard , but nevertheless , further reaching . ''
Similarly , as recently as two decades ago , instantaneous global communication existed , but was economically out of reach for most people .
Given North Korea 's past deceptions , and the difficulty of verifying denuclearization in a totalitarian country , a verifiable agreement will be difficult to reach .
Observers debate whether it will eventually reach a new equilibrium .
The Coming Revival in French-American Relations With the American invasion of Iraq in 2003 , French-American relations reached a low point .
Development will take a long time , and the international community needs to explore better ways to make sure that help actually reaches the poor , but both prudence and a concern for soft power suggest that the US should take the lead .
The American military has a global reach , with bases around the world , and its regional commanders sometimes act like proconsuls .
Its imperial overreach will instead come from having to police more peripheral countries than US public opinion will accept .
In fact , the problem of creating an American empire might better be termed imperial underreach .
Whatever the geometry of such a consultative group , it would be designed to supplement the UN in reaching decisions , and would help galvanize bureaucracies in member governments to address key transnational issues .
On the top board are military relations among states , with the US the world 's only superpower with global reach .
The US can not reach a trade agreement or settle anti-trust cases without the approval of the EU .
Successful leaders combine these skills so that unfiltered bad news can reach them and be acted upon promptly .
Trade between India and American is increasing , and reached $ 26 billion -LRB- 11 % of India 's total trade -RRB- in 2006 .
China , India , and other countries argue that economic development in rich countries caused most of the existing problem , and it is only fair that developing countries should not have to reduce their emissions until they reach the rich countries ' levels of emissions .
Not only did he successfully use networks in his campaign ; he has continued to use the Internet to reach out to citizens .
He has supplemented his major television and radio speeches with Internet-based video clips on YouTube , and his political style has been marked by reaching out in a bipartisan fashion to broad circles of political leaders .
For example , the first smallpox epidemic was recorded in Egypt in 1350 BC . It reached China in 49 AD , Europe after 700 , the Americas in 1520 , and Australia in l789 .
The prior era of economic globalization reached its peak in 1914 , and was set back by the world wars .
A South Korean is Secretary-General of the United Nations ; Seoul will host next year 's G-20 summit ; and the country has just reached a free-trade agreement with the European Union .
Over the next half-century , South Korea became the world 's 11th largest economy , with per capita income reaching more than $ 15,000 .
The main strength of the mass-media approach is its audience reach and ability to generate public awareness and set the agenda .
A year ago , the Obama administration made major efforts to reach out to China .
But , even if overall Chinese GDP reaches parity with that of the US in the 2020 's , the two economies will not be equal in composition .
Emerging countries tend to benefit from imported technologies in the early stages of economic takeoff , but their growth rates generally slow as they reach higher levels of development .
Some believe a political compromise between Republicans and Democrats can be reached before the 2012 election ; others suggest an agreement is more likely after the election .
CAMBRIDGE -- This month marks the 40th anniversary of Henry Kissinger 's secret trip to Beijing , which launched the process of mending a 20-year breach in diplomatic relations between the United States and China .
A good part of the explanation for this turnaround was the fact that the government managed to convince enough voters to move from abstention to the ` Yes ' camp -LRB- though the turnout still failed to reach 50 % -RRB- . All of this suggests that the higher the turnout the greater the likelihood of a ` Yes ' win .
MAYNOOTH , IRELAND -- As the Greek financial drama reaches its sorry dénouement , another crisis looms for the European project -- this time in Germany , beginning with a case now before Germany 's Constitutional Court .
Average annual growth in the least developed countries , many in Africa , reached almost 7 % last year .
The savings generated in East Asia and the major oil exporters have increased global liquidity , helping to finance the US current account deficit , which has now reached unprecedented levels .
Any new regulatory system should be based on a well functioning network of national and regional authorities -LRB- still missing in the European Union -RRB- and include truly international supervision of financial institutions with a global reach .
This , of course , contradicts the wisdom that the IMF and others have preached in the past -- that emerging economies should free their capital accounts as part of a broader process of financial liberalization .
The clamor by disaffected politicians and human rights activists for such a conference had reached a crescendo .
With oil reaching $ 100 dollars per barrel , and energy-hungry giants like the United States and China beating a path to Nigeria 's door , Africa 's leading oil producer wants to use petrodollars to cure the country 's economic ills and flex its muscles in the international arena .
This could have far-reaching consequences for the PDP and the country .
The far-reaching and unintended consequences for the world of the terrorist attacks of September 11th are , of course , a key cause here .
No one can now foretell how long the US will be engaged in Uzbekistan , or whether America will extend its reach deeper into Central Asia .
But , despite the best efforts of governments , reaching those goals by the 2015 target date still remains a distant prospect for many countries , not the least of in Africa .
The public is reaching a breaking point .
Only such support can bring the government budget deficit , expected to reach 4.4 % of GDP in 2005 , down to the EU 's benchmark of less than 3 % of GDP within the next two years .
In terms of population , GDP , commercial and diplomatic outreach , culture , and military clout , these countries indisputably form Europe 's core .
If such a consensus can not be reached , at least Western powers and like-minded states must agree , as in Kosovo in 1999 , for example .
Second , as long as a serious breach of international law is not detected , negotiations with Iran must continue .
Rather , it provides a way of reaching a better understanding of their point of view .
Pensions are mentioned only under financial-sector development : the ADB is to promote private-led insurance , despite evidence from the United Nations , International Labor Organization , World Bank and NGOs showing that private pensions do not reach the poor .
Poverty reduction requires both economic and social policies that reach people .
Resolving the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict peacefully requires two parallel steps : a guarantee of non-resumption of military hostilities , and a clear , mutually binding blueprint for reaching a final settlement .
The world 's population is expected to reach nine billion by 2042 .
And , despite Turkey 's fast-growing population , per capita GDP has tripled since 2002 , reaching $ 10,500 in 2010 .
And he has n't independently reached your new ideas -- the ideas that matter .
It attributed the rise to the `` nationalistic preaching '' that has taken root in both countries .
But reaching one cohort per year is too little to meet demands in a fast-changing economy .
To implement the far-reaching vision of the Barcelona Process , the ENP will have to revisit the way it distributes its financial support , rebalance the funding that it provides to the EU 's eastern and southern neighborhoods , and place much greater emphasis on democracy , the rule of law , and human rights .
Unfortunately , unlike Western countries , we can not afford to wait until our per capita annual GDP reaches $ 10,000 before tackling our environmental problems .
Our experts predict that the environmental crisis will intensify to a critical stage by the time China 's per capita annual GDP reaches just $ 3,000 .
Most Muslims also approved when the police raided and confiscated weapons at the Finsbury Park mosque in London , whose Imam had long preached hatred of the West and support for terrorists .
Only then can the principles underlying the Supreme Court 's decision come within reach of ordinary Zimbabweans .
It took radio 38 years to reach an audience of 50 million . Facebook did that in two years .
This year 's task may be to reach a global understanding in Copenhagen that is not too prescriptive , but which is more than aspirational and into which an American domestic political agreement can be incorporated once Obama achieves it .
George W. Bush also said that he would reach out to those who disagreed with him .
Communism , like the horizon , was always just beyond reach .
Presumably , Blair is not proposing to the Palestinians the creation of a state before an agreement is reached on final borders .
Grumpy Old Men LONDON -- Having reached pensionable age , I qualify to be a grumpy old man .
What may make sense in the vast open reaches of Texas will not necessarily work in rural France or Britain .
While China may have started to throw a bit of its weight around -- for example , in its own neighborhood in pursuit of maritime reach and undersea oil -- the main threat that it poses is that the country falls apart , not that it continues to thrive .
Many of President Barack Obama 's political opponents regard the notion of American leadership of international institutions and a commitment to engagement and multilateralism as a form of un-American treachery .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , McCain reached out all right -- to the right-wing fundamentalists in his own party .
Similarly , Dengue -LRB- or `` breakbone '' -RRB- fever -- a severe flu-like viral illness that can cause fatal internal bleeding -- has broadened its range in the Americas over the past 10 years , reaching down to Buenos Aires by the end of the 1990 's .
Cleaner energy sources must be adopted , while forests and wetlands must be preserved and restored to absorb carbon dioxide , and to absorb floodwaters and filter contaminants before they reach water supplies .
What kind of guarantee of a good faith effort to reach a peace agreement can come from such a stance ?
But we can not reach that goal alone , much less negotiate with those whose idea of a stable and peaceful Middle East is one that has no place for Israel .
Syria , however , can not be ignored , since it is capable of undermining attempts at reaching an Israeli-Palestinian track or stabilizing Lebanon .
For a grand bargain with the US , Iran needs to end its support for militant organizations like Hamas or Palestinian Islamic Jihad which undermine efforts at reaching a two-state solution for Israel and Palestine .
In October 2009 , an initial understanding was reached , according to which Iranian low-enriched uranium -LRB- LEU -RRB- would be delivered to Russia for further enrichment and conversion into fuel rods for the Tehran Research Reactor -LRB- TRR -RRB- .
Agreement on a LEU fuel swap would not resolve the nuclear dispute between Iran and the West , but it would open the door for a diplomatic process that could eventually reach the core of the problem -- Iran 's uranium enrichment and the risks of diversion for military purposes .
Yet there are grounds to hope that it is within our reach .
This approach will never reach the heart of the matter .
To reach broad agreement on those changes requires facing some basic questions so far ignored .
In many cases , post-conflict aid can reach extraordinarily high levels after the conflicts ends , both in per capita terms and relative to the size of the recipient economies .
By contrast , aid reached 95 % of gross national income in Rwanda soon after the conflict ended , but fell to 20 % within five years .
Only 20 of the 198 countries on Earth have reached that age .
How will Chile breach this wall ?
His is the face of Putin 's new Russia , of a smug Russia that is `` getting off its knees '' and reaching for its gun .
In the past , however , Russia 's sharp anti-Western turns were reversed -- usually out of simple necessity -- after relations reached rock bottom . Not this time .
While the Russian army seems not to have engaged in any active measures since reaching its current positions , it pointedly remains within a half-hour of Tbilisi .
According to IMF calculations , to reach a 60 % debt ratio in 2030 would require a budgetary adjustment of almost nine percentage points of GDP on average between 2010 and 2020 .
No one , not even die-hard European integrationists , imagines that it can reach 5 % of GDP -LRB- it is more likely to decrease -RRB- .
In Germany , many consider the EFSF a breach of the fundamental principle that EU governments can not be bailed-out by their partners .
In Europe , the market for Greek debt has frozen , and interest-rate spreads between Irish and German euro-denominated debt recently reached alarming levels .
In reaching its decision , the Supreme Court took into account a legal brief submitted by 60 major American businesses , led by General Motors , asking that affirmative action be upheld .
Poor people have had their incomes complemented with a monthly allowance under a conditional cash-transfer program called `` Bolsa Familia , '' which now reaches more than 12 million households .
In the short term , however , financing should not be a problem : foreign-exchange reserves have reached more than $ 250 billion ; foreign direct investment , which has fallen elsewhere , still looks promising .
At stake is the soul of an emerging Thailand , with far-reaching ramifications for developing democracies elsewhere as well as the broader international community .
A stalemate has taken hold , with the denouement likely to be reached only after the royal succession .
We are not moving toward a choice reached after countless discussions .
The conclusion PETA wants us to reach is that both the Holocaust and the mass confinement and slaughter of animals are horrific .
The astronomer Carl Sagan suggested that the Voyager space probe capture an image of earth as it reached the outer reaches of our solar system . It did so , in 1990 , and Earth shows up in a grainy image as a pale blue dot .
Portia acknowledges that Shylock is under no obligation to show mercy to Antonio , who is in breach of his agreement to him .
Hasnain made his remark to the New Scientist in 1999 , only five years after the retreat had reached its peak and only two to three years after the slowdown began -- far too soon to say that the trend had changed . The IPCC 's use of his remark may have been rash , but was not misleading because in 2003-2004 , the year before it finalized its fourth report , the changed trend would have been barely perceptible
The total bill for all UN operations in the 12 months to mid-2008 reached $ 6.7 billion , about twice the level 15 years ago .
Moreover , given that transaction costs often take a big slice of remittances , aid mechanisms could be used to create safe and cheap channels for financial flows , especially where private money can not easily reach remote rural areas , as is often the case in Africa or Asia .
Sending money to some countries is now allowed only through formal banking channels , and this has created virtual monopolies while also preventing remittance money from reaching rural areas where banks do n't operate .
To prevent abuse of these far-reaching powers , their exercise needs to be balanced by routine accountability .
Arctic sea-ice cover reached its lowest recorded average level for the month of June ever .
Economists of different persuasions find it difficult to reach a consensus about the necessity of any policy .
With governments in many developed countries now reaching the limits of their gap-filling capacity , three undesirable possibilities loom large -LRB- in addition to the desirable possibility that they will have no choice but to undertake long-postponed reforms that will create sustainable growth with less need for government buffers -RRB- .
Similarly , no Chinese president can unilaterally agree to allow the renminbi to appreciate faster ; that is a consensus decision reached together with the various apparatchiks in the State Council and Communist Party .
But , whereas metal prices have fallen , oil prices are reaching record highs .
By 1988 , Libya 's clash with the West reached its apex with the bombing of Pan Am 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland . Until then , the United States had led a lonely battle to isolate Libya by severing diplomatic relations and imposing economic sanctions and embargos on oil imports and arms exports . But not even the Reagan administration 's 1986 military strike would move Libya away from its confrontational ways .
These Islamic terrorists , with their global reach , could well tilt the balance from one extreme to the other in a number of countries .
The fallout from Bhutto 's assassination was bound to reach beyond Pakistan 's borders .
He has reached out to the Muslim world and pledged to address the Israeli-Palestinian conflict without delay .
Stop confrontation and reach peaceful agreements ;
It is a challenge and an opportunity reaching beyond the present day .
I expect that we can find reach agreement on this basis .
What generations of Europeans have dreamt of is at long last within reach .
Assets in private equity and hedge funds stand at $ 3 trillion today and are expected to reach $ 10 trillion by the end of 2010 .
There is still a lot of talking to do . Serious discussions are needed to reach EU-wide and inter-governmental agreements , and to encourage the US to move in the same direction .
But growth has been unbalanced : Europe and Japan - despite some recent gains - are far from reaching their potential , and the United States and China have continued largely to drive the world economy .
In 2002 , at the Monterrey Conference , the international community agreed on a framework for reaching that goal .
Key countries must find the political will to confront defensive interests and negotiate with flexibility to reach a market-opening deal .
Much has already been achieved in the negotiations , and an agreement of significant value is within reach .
This June , the IMF 's Executive Board did just that , reaching a broad consensus on updating surveillance to make it more focused and effective .
In economies where poor people tend to be illiterate , sick , hard to reach and\/or marginalized socially , they have less chance of sharing in the gains from growth than in an economy in which such debilities are less severe .
Yet unless the rising curve of annual emissions can be reversed , the CO2 concentration will irrevocably reach a truly threatening level .
Nevertheless , our problems are aggravated by rapid growth in the human population , which is projected to reach eight or even nine billion by 2050 .
Last October , the Fund estimated that growth in the region would reach 3.2 % this year ; now , it says that growth will barely be positive .
If employment began rising at this rate in 2010 , it would take until 2015 before it reached its pre-recession level .
It is unrealistic to expect consensus to be reached on these issues in the days remaining before the Kampala meeting .
We need forces that react more quickly , reach further , and can remain in the field longer .
Preaching privatization and social repression , he has placed himself to the right of the right , hoping to take back the votes that the mainstream right has been losing to Jean-Marie Le Pen 's `` fascistoid '' National Front for the past 20 years .
Remuneration of company bosses now reaches 300 to 500 times the average salary of rank-and-file employees , up from 40 to one for the century and a half before 1980 .
Dire pessimism has become permanent , making consensus nearly impossible to reach -- an impasse made worse by the under-development of civil society in France .
Imagine that the world 's trade ministers simply walk away from their forthcoming Hong Kong meeting of the World Trade Organization -LRB- WTO -RRB- with this simple declaration : `` We failed to reach an agreement ; we 'll try to do better next time . ''
So the crisis might not have reached the scale that it did without financial institutions of all types leveraging themselves to the hilt in pursuit of higher returns .
In practice , the state 's reach often went beyond this conception -LRB- as , say , in the case of Bismarck 's introduction of old-age pensions in Germany in 1889 -RRB- .
At other times , it will mean preventing markets from expanding beyond the reach of institutions that must remain national .
The greatest risk is that it will once again over-reach and over-play its hand .
That is what happened in the second half of the 1990 's , as the IMF began to preach capital-account liberalization , applied over-stringent fiscal remedies during the Asian financial crisis , and single-handedly tried to reshape Asian economies . The institution has since acknowledged its errors in all these areas .
All of these are highly uncertain , and require many assumptions to reach some form of judgment about creditworthiness .
But even the Asian model may be reaching its limits .
For the moment , the eurozone may well have reached the point where an amicable divorce is a better option than years of economic decline and political acrimony .
But it is much easier to reach such judgments with hindsight .
In reality , the trials amount to a grave breach of the rule of law , with the judiciary transformed into a political weapon aimed at opponents of the government and the Gülen movement .
Central to their effort has been to bolster clearinghouses for derivatives -- instruments that exacerbated the implosion at AIG and others in the last financial crisis . But a clearinghouse is no panacea , and its limits , although easy to miss , are far-reaching .
Stock market volatility was also very low during the early 1990 's , before reaching new peaks later in the decade .
With the Bank tirelessly preaching the merits of good governance , its failure to adopt democratic principles undercuts its own legitimacy .
Or , less likely , he could embrace some megalomaniacal and over-reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Yet , given clear inflationary pressures in countries like Saudi Arabia , Argentina , and Russia , and notable price spikes in China , the world just might have reached a moment when agreement can be reached .
A huge share of world trade is denominated in dollars , even if some OPEC presidents , such as Venezuela 's Hugo Chávez , openly preach mutiny .
But few emerging markets have reached a stage at which they can withstand a sustained collapse in the developed economies , much less serve as substitute engines of global growth .
US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner has floated a far-reaching overhaul of the financial system , and China 's leaders are starting to take steps towards improving the country 's social safety net .
Having reached the epiphany that financial restructuring must be avoided at all costs , the governments of the world have in turn cast a huge safety net over banks -LRB- and whole countries in Eastern Europe -RRB- , woven from taxpayer dollars .
The fact is global imbalances in debt and asset prices had been building up to a crescendo for years , and had reached the point where there was no easy way out . The United States was showing all the warning signs of a deep financial crisis long in advance of Lehman , as Carmen Reinhart and I document in our forthcoming book This Time is Different : Eight Centuries of Financial Folly .
Ironically , as computer-aided cheating increasingly pervades chess tournaments -LRB- with accusations reaching the highest levels -RRB- , the main detection device requires using another computer .
Technology has helped thoroughly globalize chess , with the Indian Vishy Anand now the first Asian world champion , and the handsome young Norwegian Magnus Carlsen having reached rock-star status .
Outgoing US Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan preaches flexibility as a way of dealing with globalization .
First , total public-sector debt -LRB- including state and local debt -RRB- is already nearing the 119 % - of-GDP peak reached after World War II .
Yet , with inequality reaching levels similar to 100 years ago , the status quo has to be vulnerable .
It was just over four decades ago that urban riots and mass demonstrations rocked the developed world , ultimately catalyzing far-reaching social and political reforms .
In a new paper , `` A Decade of Debt , '' Carmen M. Reinhart and I show that general government debt in the United States , including federal , state , and local debt , has now surpassed the record 120 % of GDP reached at the end of World War II .
As Reinhart and I demonstrated , it typically takes an economy more than four years just to reach the same per capita income level that it had attained at its pre-crisis peak .
Time to Nationalize Insolvent Banks NEW YORK -- A year ago , I predicted that the losses of US financial institutions would reach at least $ 1 trillion and possibly go as high as $ 2 trillion .
China will have a more rapid recovery later this year , but growth will reach only 5 % this year and 7 % in 2010 , well below the average of 10 % over the last decade .
Indeed , the rate of economic contraction in the fourth quarter of 2008 and the first quarter of 2009 reached near-depression levels .
The Gold Bubble and the Gold Bugs NEW YORK -- Gold prices have been rising sharply , breaching the $ 1,000 barrier and in recent weeks rising towards $ 1,200 an ounce and above .
Even that rise was partly a bubble , which collapsed in the second half of 2008 , when -- after oil reached $ 145 , killing global growth -- the world economy fell into recession .
So the recent global financial crisis is not over ; it has , instead , reached a new and more dangerous stage .
Thus , the current strategy of kicking the can down the road will soon reach its limits , and a different plan will be needed to save the eurozone .
Anatomy of a Financial Meltdown NEW YORK -- A vicious circle is currently underway in the United States , and its reach could broaden to the global economy .
NEW YORK -- The eurozone crisis is reaching its climax .
AMSTERDAM -- The latest economic data suggests that recession is returning to most advanced economies , with financial markets now reaching levels of stress unseen since the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008 .
NEW YORK -- The eurozone crisis seems to be reaching its climax , with Greece on the verge of default and an inglorious exit from the monetary union , and now Italy on the verge of losing market access .
What Hindu scripture preaches this ?
Today , Turkey 's annual GDP has reached $ 800 billion , making it Europe 's sixth largest economy and the 17th largest in the world .
Yet Arafat himself will be 75 in a few months and is clearly reaching the end of his career .
Given that the government can change laws , name judges , and staff the state administration , Turkey 's slide to another political model could reach a point of no return .
The implications of this political sea change have not been entirely lost on Conservative parties -LRB- with some possible exceptions , such as the nether reaches of the British Tories -RRB- .
Even so , Fola 's ideal plan will reach only a small portion of those who need therapy .
Cell phones and Internet connectivity could reach all of Africa at low cost , ending the economic isolation of hundreds of millions of people .
In Europe , by contrast , military spending is roughly 2 % of GNP , while development aid is around 0.4 % of GNP and on a rising path to reach 0.7 % of GNP by 2015 .
Niger 's food emergency has reached the world 's headlines , but the crisis there is only one part of a much larger disaster .
And still , after twenty years of preaching that private markets would pick up the slack , these impoverished communities are further away than ever from using improved seeds , fertilizers , and small-scale water management technologies .
The most shocking statement in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina was President George W. Bush 's remark that `` I do n't think anybody anticipated the breach of the levees '' that protect New Orleans from flooding .
The US preaches `` good governance '' in the shadow of an unprovoked war , congressional bribery scandals , and windfalls for politically connected companies like Halliburton .
This goal is now within reach .
Complete eradication is in reach , but is still proving elusive , as small outbreaks have plagued one country or another in recent years .
Yet bed nets and anti-malaria medicines do not reach the people who need them , because the people who need them are too poor .
In 2000 , the member governments agreed on the Millennium Development Goals . And in 2002 , they agreed on the Monterrey Consensus , pledging concrete efforts to triple aid flows to the poorest in order to reach the international goal for foreign assistance of 0.7 % of rich-world GNP .
The Earth Institute at Columbia University , which I direct , hosted a Global Roundtable of leading businesses , environmental groups , and other international organizations to reach a consensus to help inform the upcoming negotiations .
I do n't agree with that , but the cynicism that such a view reflects is alarming . It shows the nature of discussions at the highest reaches of the G-8 .
Farmers might be able to increase their output , but it wo n't be able to reach the cities , and the cities wo n't be able to provide the countryside with inputs .
The officials stressed how the government has taken pains to ensure that the power grid and transportation network reaches every village in China .
Israel and Palestine will have to reach an agreement based on the fact that they share a small and contested space .
The plan 's main point is to establish an Ad Hoc Working Group to reach a detailed global agreement by 2009 that will set `` measurable , reportable , and verifiable '' commitments to reduce greenhouse-gas emissions .
Using our current technologies , no ; but if we develop and rapidly adopt new technologies that are within our scientific reach , yes .
To reach agreement by 2009 , we must move beyond current generalities by which rich and poor countries argue about who should be blamed for climate change and who should pay the costs .
Several leading scientists , including one of the world 's greatest biologists , E.O. Wilson , have reached out to religious communities to support the fight against human-induced climate change and the fight for biological conservation , and those religious communities have reached back in harmony with science .
Fundamentalism seems to emerge in times of far-reaching change , when traditional social arrangements come under threat . The surge of modern American fundamentalism in politics dates to the civil rights era of the 1960 's , and at least partly reflects a backlash among whites against the growing political and economic strength of non-white and immigrant minority groups in US society .
The size of this downturn is so large that unemployment will rise sharply in all major regions of the world economy , perhaps reaching 9-10 % in the US .
According to the Swedish International Peace Research Institute , total military spending in constant 2005 dollars reached roughly $ 1.4 trillion in 2007 .
The Taliban are also extending their reach into neighboring Pakistan .
According to a timetable agreed in December 2007 , we have six months to reach a global agreement on climate change in Copenhagen .
A consensus has now been reached on the need to assist smallholders , but obstacles remain .
The US has reached the practical limits of reliance on short-term stimulus spending , and will need to start cutting the budget deficit and fostering alternative pathways to growth .
The Republican Party , with its 40 Senate seats , is simply filled with too many ideologues -- and , indeed , too many senators intent on derailing any Obama initiative -- to offer enough votes to reach the 67-vote threshold .
With developing countries displaying their readiness to reach a global deal , could the US Senate really prove to be the world 's last great holdout ?
Connecting kids around the world in shared on-line curricula , and facilitating `` social networks '' of kids around the world at an early age , will yield far-reaching educational benefits .
The country is also intent on ensuring that the benefits of growth reach all of the population , regardless of region or income level .
America 's fiscal reality was made painfully clear two days after Obama 's speech , in a new study from the Congressional Budget Office , which revealed that the budget deficit this year will reach nearly $ 1.5 trillion -- a sum almost unimaginable even for an economy the size of the US .
Millions of households , with tens of millions of nomadic or semi-nomadic people , tend camels , sheep , goats , and other livestock , which they move large distances to reach rain-fed pasturelands .
Economic inequality has reached a high not seen since the Great Depression .
The patent-protected prices of these drugs often puts them out of reach of poor people in the poorest countries .
The tragedy of millions of impoverished people dying of AIDS even when drugs exist to treat them raises deep questions about global intellectual property rights , because patent protection is creating a barrier to essential medicines reaching the world 's poor .
Despite a considerable diversity of views at the outset of the two-year investigation , the Commission reached a strong consensus after examining extensive evidence from around the world .
Immunization campaigns , when properly funded , have reached huge proportions of very poor children .
Indeed , when US equity prices reached astronomical levels in the late 1990s , the pundits and investment bankers trotted out their silly explanations and theories .
That 's a tiny amount of money for rich countries , which routinely spend over $ 2000 per person per year for health , but it is a sum out of reach for poor countries like Malawi , with annual incomes of $ 200 per person .
Successful globalization requires that we think more like doctors and less like preachers .
A solution is possible only if the outside world is prepared to police an agreement reached between the moderate majorities .
Nobody knows how much oil is left and how much it will cost to extract , but the peak of global oil production will probably be reached sometime in the next quarter century , perhaps even in the next few years .
Second , as these other fossil fuels take up the slack when oil production reaches a plateau or starts to decline , the effects of fossil fuels on the climate must be brought under control .
Today 's course of action - in which we neglect the coming squeeze in global oil supplies , rely too heavily on Middle East oil , and ignore the environmental consequences of fossil fuels - is reaching a dead end .
United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan has honored me by making me his Special Adviser on the Millennium Development Goals and asking me to lead a group of scholars and development experts in identifying practical steps to reach the goals by the target date in 2015 .
In 2002 , all donor countries committed to `` make concrete efforts '' to reach 0.7 % of national income in development aid to poor countries .
The commitment began 44 years ago , in 1961 , when the United Nations General Assembly adopted the objective that foreign assistance should increase significantly , `` so as to reach as soon as possible approximately 1 % of the combined national incomes of the economically advanced countries . ''
But the long-term decline in the ratio of aid to GNP did not stop the rich world from promising time and again to reach 0.7 % of GNP , including at the Rio Earth Summit in 1992 and the Copenhagen Summit on Social Development in 1995 .
From a global point of view , there are currently five countries that have reached 0.7 % of GNP in aid : Denmark , Luxembourg , the Netherlands , Norway , and Sweden .
Six more countries , all in Europe , have recently set a timetable to reach 0.7 % of GNP by the year 2015 . They are Belgium , Finland , France , Ireland , Spain , and the United Kingdom .
UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan , in his report in advance of the UN summit of world leaders in September 2005 , has called on all donor countries to reach at least 0.5 % of GNP in aid by 2009 , and 0.7 % by 2015 .
He also noted that countries like Germany and Japan that aspire to permanent UN Security Council membership have a particular responsibility of global stewardship in reaching the target .
The annual US budget deficit reached 5 % of GNP , with an enormous part of the gap financed each year by Asian central banks , which now hold about $ 2 trillion in claims against America .
Yet it is reasonably clear that a tipping point has been reached .
Iran 's election fiasco seemingly confirmed for Iranian reformists a conclusion that tens of millions of Iranian citizens reached long ago - the country 's Islamic government , as it exists today , is beyond rehabilitation .
First , how do you reach an accommodation with a regime that seemingly needs you as an adversary ?
This wrangling is likely to take weeks , but is unlikely to come to blows or to reach a complete impasse . Neither side is interested in escalation or a breakdown .
Not surprisingly , despite progress in recent decades , illiteracy remains at around 30 % on average , and in some Arab countries reaches 50 % and 60 % .
According to the UN , the world 's population now stands at 6.3 billion and will reach 9.3 billion by mid-century .
Now , under the leadership of President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf , Liberia has reached a historic milestone : a comprehensive debt-reduction package that writes off more than 90 % of its foreign debt and opens up new opportunities to rebuild the country .
While poverty remains deep and widespread , Liberians ' aspirations for substantial economic improvement are now more clearly within reach than ever before .
The Siniora government and the opposition are likely to reach a compromise within the next few months , probably on the basis of some variant of Arab League proposals .
Finally , the Mediterranean and the broader Middle East . NATO decided in Istanbul to reach out to new regions of strategic importance , in particular the broader Middle East .
He is someone who had long since reached the point in life when he felt compelled by duty and patriotism to step beyond the role of a surgeon and become a public citizen .
Her request was refused , as was her earlier plea in 2006 to suspend her sentence until her two small sons reached the age of 14 -- a request she was entitled to make under Russian law .
It was his ambition to subject the country to truly far-reaching social and political reforms that sealed his downfall and also brought about this new trial , which appears intended to silence him for good .
But an agreement could be reached to establish categories of countries , the most important aim being to prevent dumping between countries that are at the same stage of development .
But with deliverable aid levels remaining practically constant , and given strong population growth , notably in Africa , the international community has not given itself sufficient means to reach its ambitious targets .
By aiming for targets that are far out of reach of the poorest countries ' public finances , the international community has agreed to substitute itself for those states in providing essential social services through long-term financial transfers .
Serious Harm By Research The media , legislators , and other organizations often raise concerns about human-rights violations and ethical breaches in clinical research .
While some research-related deaths reach the popular media , the actual number of deaths in research is higher .
As I write , inflation in Zimbabwe has reached an unimaginable -LRB- if not unpronounceable -RRB- level of more than 500 quintillion per cent .
With China 's US trade surplus reaching $ 200 billion last year , American sentiment is growing to take strong measures .
Intellectual property protection is related to economic development , so the question should be whether China has reached the stage at which effective protection is possible .
Few Israelis expect Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmud Abbas to deliver security to Israel , or to implement far reaching political and financial reforms .
For example , the planned portion of the wall that reaches the settlement of Ariel , deep inside the West Bank , extends 15 kilometers inside Palestinian territories .
Now that a critical mass has been reached , will we see a dramatically different effect on employment ?
But , to reach the advanced stages of economic growth , a country needs scientific research at home .
Some scientists say that the average human lifespan could reach 90 years or more by mid-century .
Instead , those who argue that the Chinese economy is overheating cite the high rate of investment in plant and equipment and real estate , which reached 43 % of GDP in 2004 .
The faster , the better , so that the billion or so people there who have not yet reached prosperity by world standards can get there within their lifetimes .
But , for many of those who imagine relaxing in a place that offers a quaint life of undisturbed beauty , there is a strong risk that prices will rise out of reach in future decades .
To be sure , we still sympathize with people who , upon reaching middle age or later , find themselves replaced by lower-paid workers in another part of the world , if not by a computer or a robot .
To understand the nature of the subsequent shift , consider that it is hard to find anyone today who worries that automobile prices will soar because rising demand in China and India for steel and other materials will push automobile prices out of reach in the future .
If such growth rates continue , we will see relatively poor countries like India , Indonesia , the Philippines , or Nicaragua reach the average levels currently enjoyed by advanced countries in 50 years .
When a stock-market boom reaches historic proportions , a story always develops to rationalize it .
The shadow banking system , which is beyond the reach of bank regulators and deposit insurance , fed the boom in home prices by helping provide more credit to buyers .
Popular images of past disasters are part of our folklore , often buried in the dim reaches of our memory , but re-emerging to trouble us from time to time .
The drop in the Gallup Economic Confidence Index was sharper in July 2011 than it was in 2008 , although the index has not yet fallen to a lower level than it reached then .
Why not reach out to North Korea the way you are toward Iran and Burma , Hu may ask Obama ?
Like other new markets , it will take time to mature and reach out to places with weaker market institutions .
This spring , the euro 's exchange rate against the dollar reached an all-time high , and central banks have increased the euro share of their international reserves .
The treaty is less detailed in other areas , particularly in achieving an economic union equivalent to the currency union , because it was simply not possible to reach agreement .
Nevertheless , electricity usage has reached near-record levels .
Tom Paine , the great American revolutionary and author of The Rights of Man , wrote : `` He that would make his own liberty secure must guard even his enemy from oppression ; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself . ''
In the US , at least , breaching sexual norms still brings with it a moral opprobrium that is unrelated to any real harm it may do .
Perhaps we will eventually reach a tipping point at which giving a significant amount to help the world 's poorest becomes sufficiently widespread to eliminate the majority of those 25,000 needless daily deaths .
Recognition by a government that it can be wrong to enslave animals is a significant breach in the wall of exclusive moral significance we have built around our own species .
That figure would be reached if countries accounting for one-third of the global economy -- say , most European nations , or the United States and one or two small affluent nations -- contributed 0.03 % of their gross national income , or three cents for every $ 100 they earn .
That 's not a trivial sum , but it is n't out of reach , especially considering that affluent nations would also benefit from cheaper drugs and from medical research that was focused on reducing disease rather than on maximizing profits .
At the beginning of December , Hwang disclosed that some of the eggs came from two women working in his lab , and that other `` donors '' had been paid for their eggs -- a breach of ethical guidelines that had nothing to do with the accuracy of the science .
Technology can be used for good or for bad , and it is too soon to reach a verdict on the Internet . -LRB- In the eighteenth century , who could have foreseen that the development of the steam engine would have an impact on earth 's climate ? -RRB-
For example , international climate-change negotiations appear to have reached an impasse , and public skepticism about global warming is rising , even as the scientific evidence continues to show that it is real and will endanger the lives of billions of people .
That this should happen while developed nations waste hundreds of millions of tons of grain and soybeans by feeding them to animals , and obesity reaches epidemic proportions , undermines our claims to believe in the equal value of all human life .
The target of halving the proportion of people in extreme poverty is within reach , but mainly because of economic progress in China and India .
There is better news on achieving gender parity in education , a key to reaching other goals , including lower infant mortality , which often comes about because educated women have fewer children .
When given access to banking , they would save a little , but then withdraw it before they reached their goal .
But , if offered a savings account that penalized them for withdrawing money before they reached a goal that they themselves had specified , many chose that type of account , even though the interest they earned was no higher than in an account that allowed them to make withdrawals whenever they chose .
You can find their answer at a Web site they helped to start , www.stickK.com . , where you can make a Commitment Contract , which obliges you to reach a goal of your own choosing .
For example , one way of giving yourself a strong incentive to reach your goal is to commit to pay money to someone if you fail .
Chua would reply that reaching a high level of achievement brings great satisfaction , and that the only way to do it is through hard work .
Suddenly , the library of utopia seemed within reach .
Publishers and authors disagreed , and some sued Google for breach of copyright , eventually agreeing to settle their claim in exchange for a share of Google 's revenue .
As Peter Brantley , Director of Technology for the California Digital Library , has put it : `` We have a moral imperative to reach out to our library shelves , grab the material that is orphaned , and set it on top of scanners . ''
With the few minutes ' warning that an earthquake 's strong shaking would automatically provide , people could walk to a TEREP and be safe above the highest level a tsunami could reach .
Many of us had already reached that conclusion .
But the thread that united all , the theme that remained unerringly constant , was the yearning for `` change '' -- immediate , real , and tangible , not a promise or a tantalizing , unreachable mirage .
Those related to security in Afghanistan and Pakistan are as treacherous as they have ever been .
The US must accept and candidly discuss the damaging consequences of its military , diplomatic , and political overreach -- of a `` war too far '' that has brought the region to its current ugly impasse .
As a new round of negotiations with Iran begins -- with European Union High Representative Catherine Ashton the first into the breach -- finding a way to move Iran-US relations beyond their freighted past is an urgent matter .
Not surprisingly , given the Americans ' deeply ingrained suspicion , the agreement reached earlier this year between Iran and Turkey and Brazil to allow for the export of low-enriched uranium from Iran in return for fuel rods was `` not acceptable '' to the US .
Santa Claus Speaks German Santa Claus was a Turkish Dervish who in the middle ages traveled through Central and Northern Europe , giving gifts to children and claiming to be the re-incarnation of Greek St. Nicholas , who preached in the fourth century .
The Ifo business climate indicator , which had been rising since the second half of 2005 , reached its highest level since Germany 's unification boom .
Unemployment has always reached its lowest point at the end of the decade or a year later , driven by cyclical movements in equipment investment that followed the textbook multiplier-accelerator model .
The strike has been temporarily stopped by a court order , leaving time for negotiations , but the danger remains great because talks have reached an impasse .
Second , with banks losing substantial amounts of equity capital -- estimates now reach $ 300 billion and more -- the need to maintain minimum equity-debt ratios will force them to curtail business lending , hindering investment demand .
While the pact says that a government can not borrow more than 3 % of its GDP , Germany 's public-finance deficit reached 3.7 % of GDP and more from 2002 to 2004 .
Since last October , Western countries ' rescue packages for banks have reached about $ 4.3 trillion .
According to OECD statistics , pensions in Greece , available after only 15 years of work , reach an incredible 111 % of average net incomes .
The Stability and Growth Pact , aimed at punishing countries that breach the 3 % - of-GDP deficit limit , was a joke : not a single wayward country was ever punished .
While the US is expected to grow by 3.3 % this year and by 2.9 % next year -- roughly the long-term average for the past 30 years , this can not be called a self-sustained upswing , given that the fiscal deficit is expected to reach a breathtaking 11 % of GDP this year , before easing to a still-high 8.2 % in 2011 .
The City of London has jumped into the breach , increasing its purchases , which in 2008 and 2009 amounted to only about $ 1 billion monthly , to an average of $ 28 billion in the first seven months of this year .
One conclusion , therefore , is for countries to be cautious about removing capital controls when they have not yet reached the relevant `` safety '' thresholds , but equally to stress the sizable net benefits for countries that exceed the thresholds .
The best way to guard against this is to open a special account with an independent central bank , where the fund can be kept safely out of the reach of politicians .
Ultra-cheap money produced a surge in sub-prime mortgage lending -- a market that collapsed when interest rates increased steadily after 2005 , reaching 5 % . The financial crisis of 2008 was the start of a highly painful , but inevitable , process of de-leveraging .
This makes it highly improbable that we will reach the three-hour working day by 2030 .
Beyond a certain point -- which most of the world is still far from having reached -- the accumulation of wealth offers only substitute pleasures for the real losses to human relations that it exacts .
George Orwell put it well : `` All progress is seen to be a frantic struggle towards an objective which you hope and pray will never be reached . ''
He can not openly challenge Putin 's legacy , but he has to position himself as reaching beyond Putin .
A world economic conference , convened in London in 1933 to end the currency war , adjourned without reaching any decision .
In its first episode , Ferguson appears amid the splendid monuments of China 's Ming Dynasty , which , in the fifteenth century , was undoubtedly the greatest civilization of the day , with its naval expeditions reaching the coasts of Africa .
Scientists are notoriously loath to jettison conclusions reached by approved scientific methods , however faulty .
Over time , however , the interest-rate premium is likely to be small , because higher capital requirements and contingent capital should significantly reduce the likelihood of ever reaching the triggers .
So the fact that no agreement has been reached on Syria forces us to reflect on the future difficulties that we will face in managing global security .
Our ESDP missions have taken us as far afield as Aceh , Indonesia , where we monitored the peace agreement reached after the 2004 tsunami , following decades of civil war .
As a member of the International Quartet , the EU is deeply engaged at diplomatic level in the Middle East Peace Process and the moment an agreement is reached between the Israelis and Palestinians we will be ready to help implement it on the ground .
But the imprecision of the agreements reached at the summit in Toronto in June has left political leaders with a bitter taste in their mouths .
While an agreement has been reached -LRB- 2013 has been set as the year to reduce budget deficits by half ; 2016 to stabilize sovereign debt -RRB- , consensus is not headed in the right direction .
The G-20 's role should increase further in importance , owing to emerging countries ' share of global GDP -- projected to reach 60 % in 2030 -- and to the global nature of the challenges of the twenty-first century .
In other words , most ships from the Far East enter the Mediterranean via the Suez Canal and sail straight past Genoa , Marseille , Barcelona , and Valencia , adding three days to the trip to reach Rotterdam or Hamburg .
The United Nations Environment Programme 's Sustainable Energy Finance Initiative estimates that investment in renewable energy has reached $ 100 billion worldwide , or 18 % of new investment in the power sector .
The Initiative , which involves some 170 financial institutions , also estimates that market financing for clean and renewable energies could reach $ 1.9 trillion by 2020 .
The EU needs to reach out to its less developed neighbors .
The drug trade exemplifies the far-reaching impact of domestic instability .
Last year , the value of drugs produced in Afghanistan -- the world 's largest supplier of opiates -- is estimated to have reached up to 25 % of GDP .
After all , the UN Charter provides that `` the Secretary-General shall be appointed by the General Assembly upon the recommendation of the Security Council . '' The original concept was that the two bodies would reach a consensus on a candidate .
Globalization allowed the US to suck up the savings of the rest of the world and consume more than it produced , with its current account deficit reaching 6.2 % of GNP in 2006 .
It is impossible to determine where that point is , but when it is reached , the Fed 's ability to stimulate the economy comes to an end .
The Papandreou government , elected in October 2009 with a mandate to clean house , revealed that the budget deficit reached 12.7 % of GDP in 2009 , shocking both the European authorities and the markets .
But , regardless of the eventual outcome , the case has far-reaching implications for the financial reform legislation that the US Congress is now considering .
For instance , they can pile up hidden imbalances in supply or demand , which may suddenly be revealed when a threshold is breached .
Unless a deliberate effort is made by both sides to reach a better understanding , the world faces a turbulent time in 2011 and beyond .
With the Germans helping to reconcile conflicting national interests by putting a little extra on the table , the process of European integration reached its apogee with the Maastricht Treaty and the introduction of the euro .
The authorities are trying to buy time , but time is running out . The crisis is rapidly reaching a climax .
Once the principle is agreed , however , the European Council could authorize the ECB to step into the breach , indemnifying it from solvency risks in advance .
But such agreements are hard to reach .
Unlike under the present system , in which countries with low labor or environmental standards have no incentives to negotiate international agreements imposing higher standards , the new rule would redress the imbalance between trade and other values by providing inducements to reach appropriate international agreements .
Second , the WTO may have overreached itself when it became involved in intellectual property rights .
The latter alone , provided no permanent member of the Security Council disagrees , can decide whether a war is legitimized by a `` just cause '' -LRB- nowadays generally a gross breach of human rights -RRB- .
A common position has been reached on four more measures , including directives on investment services , on transparency , and on takeovers .
The most delicate issues are those raised by the Investment Services Directive , on which only a majority of member states have reached a common position .
No wonder , then , that the treaty 's strict limits were breached early in the euro 's first decade by core countries as well as peripheral ones .
Indeed , with a large shock , much of the breach happens automatically , as tax revenues shrink and social-insurance payments expand .
If emerging economies try to reach advanced-country income levels by following roughly the same pattern as their predecessors , the impact on natural resources and the environment would be enormous , risky , and probably disastrous .
As a result , these countries will have to invent new growth patterns to reach advanced-country levels of development .
But the incentive to ignore these issues is gone , independent of what other countries choose to do and whatever global agreements may be reached .
China 's Next Mountain to Climb MILAN -- China is entering a complex set of transitions that will lay the foundations for the advanced-country status that it hopes to reach in the next 25 years .
But it has reached this point at a much lower level of per capita income than any systemically important predecessor .
These efforts will require far-reaching reforms . What is required is de-politicized fiscal and macroeconomic surveillance , stricter and more binding budgetary rules , smoother recourse to sanctions for breaching them , and close co-ordination of economic policies .
They should then become incrementally more severe the longer and the more seriously the rules are breached .
Those elections were flawed . But only a small percent of the breaches were the result of deliberate manipulation .
After World War II , many countries with parliamentary systems reduced the likelihood of such instability by adopting the so-called `` constructive vote of no confidence . '' Before a no confidence vote can be held , agreement must be reached on a new government majority to take its place .
Once more reflecting and encouraging a large segment of what had been his people , he saw in Hitler the new man chosen by providence , the savior of a Germany defeated by treachery .
The origin myth continues ad infinitum until we reach humanity 's common ancestor , or an actual myth -- a black egg in China , a spear in the ocean in Japan , or the interaction of fire and ice in France .
On June 23 , a United Nations conference focusing on the global economic crisis and its impact on developing countries reached a consensus both about the causes of the downturn and why it was affecting developing countries so badly .
While there was less American leadership than one would have hoped , indeed expected under the circumstances , many participants were simply relieved that America did not put up obstacles to reaching a global consensus , as would have been the case if George W. Bush were still president .
Those who had preached fiscal restraint when it came to small welfare programs for the poor now clamored for the world 's largest welfare program .
It has become fashionable among politicians to preach the virtues of pain and suffering , no doubt because those bearing the brunt of it are those with little voice -- the poor and future generations .
But , while preaching free market doctrines abroad , the US bails out its airlines and increases agricultural subsidies at home .
Military overreach has predictably led to nervousness about using military power , and others ' knowledge of this threatens to weaken America 's security as well .
This sharp deterioration in the US fiscal position means that long-term interest rates have fallen little , even as short-term interest rates reached record lows .
uncertainties connected to America 's massive trade deficit , which has reached all - time records .
The pre-1998 period of economic decline , on their view , reflected a stalled transition process , whereas the ruble crisis finally jolted the authorities into action , with recovery following implementation of far-reaching reforms .
Do not follow the encomiums of US special interests , whether in the corporate or financial arena , because , although they preach free markets , back home they rely on the US government to advance their aims .
Large economies , like Germany and France , extract forbearance when they breach the Pact 's deficit ceiling .
Free trade is preached as a gospel everywhere , but rich countries do not seem to hear their own message : their markets remain closed to many developing country exports ; they subsidize agriculture massively , making it impossible for developing countries to compete . Do as we say , not as we do ; that seems to be the G-7 message .
The Commission even reached consensus on a number of concrete measures to help put a `` human face '' on globalization - or at least mitigate some of its worst effects .
While Secretary O'Neill may preach that the problems of the world arise not from too much but from too little of a market economy , trying to create a new global cartel in steel only makes sense for big steel businesses .
But , while the G-7 countries , which dominate voting at the Bank , all declare their commitment to democracy and good governance -- and espouse promoting them as one of their central objectives -- there is a yawning gap between what they preach and what they practice .
A medical prize fund would not provide a panacea , but it would be a step in the right direction , redirecting our scarce research resources toward more efficient uses and ensuring that the benefits of that research reach the many people who are currently denied them .
We must reach across old dividing lines -- both within economies and between them -- and work together to build a stronger , more resilient global economy .
After two years and 10,000 miles of endurance , courage , and hope against impossible odds , the Red Armies reached northwest China .
Of the 40,000 survivors , perhaps 500 are still alive ; I tracked down and interviewed 40 of them -- ordinary people who were left behind or managed to reach the end , but with stories that are highly instructive .
Only 400 reached the border ; the rest were killed or captured .
Perhaps even more compelling , services ' share of total global employment reached 42.7 % in 2007 , well ahead of agriculture -LRB- 34.9 % -RRB- and industry -LRB- 22.4 % -RRB- .
At current prices , between $ 10 and $ 20 per person per day would be needed to reach that threshold .
Policy makers in developing countries are concerned that being forced to go down this path could put modern energy services beyond the reach of poor countries , families , and communities .
But the mainstream reaction has been much more fearful : media and politicians throughout the European Union are obsessing about the threat of waves of migrants reaching their borders .
So far , nearly 400,000 people have filled refugee camps in Tunisia and Egypt , and an estimated 20,000 have reached Italy 's shores .
Inaction is simply not an option for the new government . And yet agreement on virtually everything of significance will be very difficult to reach .
Support for EU membership within the pre-enlargement EU-15 remains where it was in the mid-1990 's -LRB- and below the peak reached in 1990 -RRB- , while support for the euro is no higher now than it was in 1997 .
Yet , while reform efforts intensified throughout Europe in the late 1990 's both inside and outside of the euro area , there is little evidence that `` ins '' enacted more far-reaching and significant supply-side reforms than the `` outs . ''
And it reaches 40 % and over amongst those who drop out of school in the banlieues , which have become no-go zones of hopelessness .
But those lessons imply reforms that are more far-reaching than Chirac is ever likely to envisage .
Moreover , an aging population implies further pressure on fiscal expenditure , owing to higher pension and health-care costs , with all of Japan 's baby boomers set to reach age 65 in about five years .
And , when measured in terms of purchasing power parity , China 's GDP will reach that of the US around 2015 , thus changing the world 's balance of economic power .
And , contrary to the government 's outlook , the start of economic recovery could be delayed until the end of this year , with medium-term annual growth reaching 1.5 - 2 % .
Indeed , funds for `` needy countries '' may never reach the neediest of individuals , such as internally displaced or stateless persons , because no one takes responsibility for them .
The terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and recent statements by CIA Director George Tenet that North Korea possesses missiles capable of reaching the US West Coast undoubtedly shocked Americans out of their complacency over North Korea 's nuclear status .
But , as the so-called Comprehensive Peace Agreement -LRB- CPA -RRB- reaches its climax , the SPLM , based in the autonomous region of South Sudan , has abandoned all pretense that unity with the North and the government in Khartoum is either possible or desirable .
But reaching this figure will not be possible -- even if scaled back -- because the government seems unable to curb public spending and because the European Commission will not accept new budgetary subterfuges from Finance Minister Giulio Tremonti aimed at evading the constraints imposed by the Euro-zone 's Growth and Stability Pact .
The European Union 's embrace of post-communist republics in Central Europe represented a most powerful symbol of the reach of Western liberal democracy .
But , almost six months into the North African upheavals , the number of arrivals on the southern island of Lampedusa has reached roughly 30,000 .
But voters in the battered lands of the eurozone seem to have reached their own damning conclusions about their elected leaders months ago .
The decision , reached in less than 24 hours , left many Ivorians flabbergasted .
But 2008 wo n't be the year in which that frontier is breached .
The average level of Internet and mobile-phone penetration in the rich world in 1997 -- 4.1 Internet users and 10.7 mobile phones per 100 inhabitants -- was reached in developing countries only five years later .
Foreign direct investment totaled $ 27.3 billion in 2008-2009 , despite the global financial crisis , and reached $ 1 billion in just one week in May 2009 .
Indians abroad stayed loyal to India : remittances from overseas Indians remained robust , reaching $ 46.4 billion in 2008-2009 , the bulk of which came from the mainly blue-collar Indian expatriate community in the Gulf countries .
As a Buddhist , the Dalai Lama preaches non-attachment , self-realization , inner actualization , and non-violence ; as a Tibetan he is admired by a people fiercely attached to their homeland , with most seeking its independence from China and many determined to fight for it .
This decline seems to have stopped , and the most recent data indicate that the bottom may have been reached .
Thanks to a coordinated effort by all major players under the Vienna Initiative , these banks ' large-scale withdrawal -- with potentially far-reaching consequences for the region -- was averted in 2009 .
With such vulnerability to adverse currency movements , Hungary was forced four months later to sign an IMF-led rescue package worth $ 25 billion as the financial crisis reached Eastern Europe .
Indeed , this yearning for change is why Mockus , the son of Lithuanian immigrants , may reach the presidency in a country that experienced only a scant influx of foreigners in the twentieth century .
Her success clearly shows that African women football players can reach great heights .
Governments are currently gathered in Poznan , Poland , to reach agreement on how to address the major challenges that stem from global warming .
Initially , most nations exiting from Communism reached out , almost instinctively , to their immediate pre-Communist period .
His Internet-surfing , compassionate , and generally liberal image helps recruit a key constituency -- those beyond the reach of Putin himself -- to the Putin plan .
Meanwhile , in Central Asia , Russia , having built strong economic ties with Kazakhstan , is now reaching out to Kyrgyzstan , thus competing more actively with neighboring China .
Meetings in seaside resorts reached almost a million people in 1910 .
To be fair , the WTO under Pascal Lamy has tried to reach out to such groups .
In many areas -- financial services , infrastructure , communications technology , and tourism -- I would say we have reached our goals for Hong Kong .
This intimidation and violence meant that my party , the Movement for Democratic Change -LRB- MDC -RRB- could not reach the electorate in large parts of the countryside .
As today 's financial crisis has made many Western assets cheap , they are now within reach of Russia 's government and leading Russian companies .
The `` 70-80 '' scenario will preserve the status quo , but eventually the economy will reach a dead end , at which point the only choice will be genuine economic reform or decline and dangerous civil disorder .
How did Ukraine reach this state of cynicism ?
Yushchenko offered his hand to his foes in good faith so as to bind up our nation 's wounds ; in return , the governing pact that he reached with Yanukovich was betrayed at every turn .
Because only fragments of reliable information reached ordinary Ukrainians at the time , my memories of Chernobyl are necessarily sketchy .
After all , Ukraine managed to eliminate its nuclear weapons and reach accommodation over the Black Sea fleet without joining a private economic bloc with Russia .
WEST LAFAYETTE , INDIANA -- Food prices have in many cases surpassed the peak levels reached in July 2008 .
But it would be more accurate to say that Turkey is broadening its reach .
Preventing aid from reaching those in need is bad enough .
Fighting malnutrition is the first step toward reaching this objective .
But it offers the world the best chance of reaching a sustainable energy future unscathed , so we should explore this route with the same ingenuity and persistence that put humans on the moon and created the digital age .
The world faces a long voyage before it reaches a low-carbon energy system .
America 's renewed engagement with Iran is clearly a policy that will have a far-reaching impact in the Middle East .
That overreach began Argentina 's undoing .
Moreover , all motorists must respect the rules of the road , and anyone who breaches them must be held to account , and possibly penalized , because even one rogue driver will most likely cause a major pile-up if not stopped .
Yet the same EU members have failed to endow the European Commission with overall responsibility for holding member governments to their commitments and , where necessary , imposing penalties for breaches . This intergovernmental approach lay behind the Lisbon Agenda 's failure to deliver the results needed to make Europe more competitive and dynamic by 2010 , and the same shortcomings will bedevil its successor , the new `` Europe 2020 '' strategy .
Most eurozone members are now in breach of the Pact , yet none has been subjected to the penalties envisaged by its architects .
In 2001 , then-US Ambassador to Haiti Dean Curran publicly and explicitly linked the withholding of IDB loans to the demand that Haiti 's political parties reach a compromise that America wanted .
Russian corruption has reached catastrophic levels , yet no serious fight has been launched against it .
Adequate community mental-health services with educational outreach can induce disturbed youth to get help voluntarily .
Late last year in Cape Town , we joined delegates from around the world to reach a consensus on Open Education 's ideals and approaches , and we committed ourselves to them in the Cape Town Open Education Declaration , which was officially released on January 22 .
A similar solution should be found for the European Constitution . Europe can not preach cultural pluralism and practice constitutional imperialism .
Ever since modern diplomacy was invented in Renaissance Italy , states have found it necessary to exchange envoys for the purpose of reaching -LRB- or breaking -RRB- agreements , whether on parchment or by video conference .
When , after the First World War , President Woodrow Wilson proclaimed the advent of the so-called New Diplomacy , whereby secrecy and the balance of power would be replaced by open covenants and collective security , many people regarded such things as the dreams of an idealist-preacher . Machtpolitik is indeed alive and well in many parts of the world today .
But achieving success in Afghanistan -- defined as achieving a sustainable democratic regime able to contain political violence , prevent the reconstruction of a terrorist base with global reach , and dampen a narcotics-funded insurgency that threatens neighboring countries -- requires greater policy harmonization among the world powers that have a stake in the outcome .
US policymakers in particular wanted to take advantage of the ongoing surge in NATO combat forces in Afghanistan -- which reached 150,000 in August , of which some two-thirds were American -- to shake Taliban commanders ' conviction that they were winning the war .
Some 80 % of Latin American cocaine reaching the US passes through the country at some point .
By 2015 , the number will reach or exceed 55 % .
We also reduced the free building floor area ; but we allowed builders to reach higher up .
Adherence to the NPT has increased steadily , reaching a stage of near universal acceptance .
The Conference , which included the original five nuclear weapon states -LRB- the United States , Russia , China , France , and Great Britain -RRB- as well as a great number of other UN members , did not reach consensus on a `` Final Declaration . ''
Deliberations and negotiations both within the NPT regime and in other areas of disarmament have reached a difficult stage , if not a stalemate .
The most dangerous force eroding the Treaty 's credibility is the inclination of some nuclear-weapon states to reinterpret at will the package of agreements reached in the past .
One of the best ways to strengthen the non-proliferation regime now would be to implement fully the agreements that have already been reached .
To reach the Burmese people directly , the US should continue to develop and scale up assistance programs , while preserving cross-border assistance .
Educational exchanges under the Fulbright and Humphrey Scholar programs and cultural outreach activities should be increased .
Those who work in the field know that once sex abusers control a powerless victim , they will invariably push the boundaries with ever more extreme behavior . Abusers start by undressing their victims , but once that line has been breached , you are likely to hear from the victim about oral and anal penetration , greater and greater pain and fear being inflicted , and more and more carelessness about exposing the crimes as the perpetrator 's inhibitions fall away .
But how often does the outside world -- even the best-intentioned donors and program creators -- reach out to Palestinian civil society on its own terms , without insisting on that `` shotgun wedding ? ''
Obviously , neither the US nor Britain has reached that point .
Years of sensitive educational outreach have finally made it the norm for American children to understand that their bodies are their own , that adults should not touch them intimately or in ways that make them uncomfortable , and that they can expect to be protected from such violation .
Questions about the change in practice have reached US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton -- who admitted that she herself would resist a sexual pat-down -- and President Barack Obama .
Though it took more than 200 years to reach this point , foreign observers , especially in Europe , marvel at Barack Obama 's ascendancy .
Some economists recommend fundamental changes in the way monetary policy is conducted to avoid ever reaching this `` zero bound '' on interest rates .
But what if it 's too late , and the zero interest_rate bound is reached while prices are falling ?
If the Bank of Japan , for example , were to commit itself to a target path for a broad price index , and credibly commit to keeping interest rates low until that target is reached , this commitment would influence investor behavior . For the more that prices fall , the greater should be the confidence in future inflation , and hence perceptions of lower real interest rates .
The existence of an official target is crucial , even when it is not being reached , because it allows the private sector to judge how close the central bank is to a point at which it would feel justified in abandoning its zero_interest_rate policy .
Ideally , the best way to make its policy credible would be for the central bank to demonstrate its commitment to the price_level targeting framework before the zero bound is reached .
Indeed , international measures of graft show that the authorities may be reaching a stalemate or even retreating in the fight .
Mindful that normal slowdowns could lead to a breach of the ceiling , they decreed that a normal deficit is a zero deficit .
These countries , too , are facing a recession , and , while the interest rate has not yet reached its zero bound everywhere , incentives to depreciate might grow in the near future .
The international community has great expectations for reaching a positive outcome in Copenhagen .
But since climate change is a more far-reaching and serious challenge , the world must not waver in its determination and commitment to addressing it .
Indeed , the international financial crisis , if handled properly , may also be turned into an opportunity to reach a win-win solution for both climate protection and economic development .
It remains to be seen whether Abu Marzouk 's view is merely a tactic intended to encourage the Obama administration to reach out to Hamas , or whether the war convinced Hamas that the two-state solution is the only viable option to settle the conflict with Israel .
Messianic waves from the Middle East , reaching both schools and mosques , help draw young Muslims into radicalism .
President George W. Bush 's Iraqi patient now seems to have reached that point .
Yemen is strategically important , not only for Saudi Arabia , but for the world , because it is the only country on the Arabian Peninsula from which oil can reach the open seas without passing through a narrow strait -- either the Strait of Hormuz or the Suez Canal .
But if the West is to curtail Al Qaeda 's activities in Yemen , it will need to push Saleh into reaching accommodations with both the Houthis and the southerners , and this will undoubtedly mean sharing power with them . Saleh will undoubtedly resist such an effort .
Not surprisingly , Saleh tried to reach for the familiar Saudi lifeline , sending his foreign minister to Riyadh to plead for the sort of help the Saudi king provided to Bahrain .
Many women remain secretly glued to satellite television channels , watching their peers in the public squares of Egypt or Yemen , beyond their reach but not beyond their imagination .
According to a security agreement reached with Iraq 's government , the US is to withdraw its forces by the end of this year .
When they do , both sides must spend an enormous amount of time and effort in reaching a consensus on North Korea , which leaves the isolated North breeding all sorts of conspiracy theories .
Now that oil price has reached $ 80 per barrel , Russia 's central bank can start buying foreign currency again .
Whereas inward investment reached $ 20 billion in 2008 , capital outflows totaled $ 20 billion in 2009 .
Israel at Sixty Tel Aviv -- Ten years ago , on Israel 's 50th anniversary , the peace process begun by the path-breaking Oslo accord , reached by Israel and the Palestinian Authority in 1993 , established the legitimacy of two peoples ' national existence in their shared homeland on the basis of territorial compromise .
In the end , Sharon and then Binyamin Netanyahu both ended up sitting down at the negotiating table with Yassir Arafat and his representatives to try to reach an agreement .
Instead , we have to work , with caution and good sense , to reach a reasonable and detailed agreement for a lasting ceasefire that has within it the perspective that Hamas can change .
Instead of helping us and the Israelis reach a solution acceptable to all -- two states for two peoples -- you do everything to exacerbate the conflict .
Indeed , the Israeli public consistently supported the idea of the government reaching agreement with Hamas for the soldier 's release .
On the contrary , it may be impossible to win North Korea 's assent to denuclearization in the absence of far-reaching domestic change .
If G-20 leaders can reach specific and effective agreements on exchange rates and global imbalances without overshadowing other issues , the prospects for a soft-landing for the global economy will improve greatly .
Thus , he solicited commitments from China and Japan on denuclearization and realization of the 2005 agreement on North Korea reached by the six-party talks -LRB- involving the United States , China , Russia , Japan , North Korea , and South Korea -RRB- .
As a result , balance-of-payments equilibrium would be reached at a certain exchange-rate level , but a current-account surplus -LRB- albeit smaller -RRB- would still exist .
So China has reached a crucial juncture : without painful structural adjustment , its economic-growth momentum can suddenly be lost .
The European Parliament recently enacted a law to support investors who help the Continent reach its goal of sourcing 20 % of its power from renewable energy by 2020 .
With its pursuit of research into the farthest reaches of the universe -- deep space -- South Africa hopes to provide further proof that Africans can compete at all levels .
Experts have been preaching crop diversity , irrigation , and improved soil nutrients for decades .
And , given the deep disparities in nuclear power 's importance for European economies , consensus on regulatory harmonization is hard to reach .
Nevertheless , the AGF 's report concludes that reaching the goal of raising $ 100 billion a year by 2020 , while challenging , is feasible .
Pressure for revaluation comes at a stage when per capita national income is merely $ 1,000 , not $ 10,000 or $ 15,000 , so China still needs a rather long period of rapid economic growth to reach anything like the stage that Japan had achieved when it allowed the yen to be revalued .
As a result , the interest rate for 12-month fixed deposits has reached 3.9 % .
The obvious answer is that we do not have time ; Chapter 11 procedures are generally long and complex , and the current crisis has reached a point where time is of the essence .
It should reach beyond the traditional focus on finance and trade , to include other pressing economic and political issues : development , energy , climate change , and stabilizing fragile and post-conflict states .
