Now , it will have to deal with a Palestinian society that is armed to the teeth , with poverty rates reaching 70 % and unemployment at 35 % .
We now risk failing to meet the Millennium Development GOAL , set out by the United Nations , of reversing the spread of AIDS , TB and malaria by 2015 . This failure will make remote any hope of reaching the other Millennium goals in the fight against poverty .
This question is important not only in transition economies and other emerging market countries , but in rich countries as well -- in fact almost everywhere , except possibly the US and the UK , which long ago embarked on a process of radical and far-reaching economic liberalization .
It is the business of politicians , not scientists , to consider the relative costs and benefits of the options before them , weighing them as they see fit in reaching their conclusions .
The implications of pricing oil in any single-currency are more far-reaching than most people think .
As Arabs confront far-reaching change , they must not be distracted into fruitless debates about the right types of government support for citizens .
Instead , a number of European countries are discussing the introduction of stringent fiscal rules into their constitutions , and are contemplating even more far-reaching changes .
Spent wisely , however , these stimulus packages could trigger far-reaching and transformational trends , setting the stage for a more sustainable , urgently needed Green Economy for the twenty-first century .
Few could have foreseen how far-reaching that decision would prove to be .
The victory of the fundamentalist Hamas in the Palestinian elections will have far-reaching consequences for the region , some totally unexpected .
But both Olmert and Peretz have declared that , despite the Commission 's conclusions , they would not quit : instead , they have vowed to implement the report 's many far-reaching substantive recommendations about policy , strategy , and decision-making processes .
Even the most moderate leaders on both sides could not agree on the core issues of the conflict : borders , settlements , Jerusalem , and the fate of 1947-1948 Palestinian refugees and their descendants . Both sides had an immediate stake in reaching an agreement : for Olmert , an agreement might have rescued his position as prime minister , and it would have been a trump card for Abbas in Fatah 's de facto civil war with Hamas .
As a first step , countries with forces in Afghanistan should accept that , as parties to the conflict , they need to be parties to the peace as well , and that every military operation has far-reaching and sometimes irreversible political implications .
So far , the Fund has not fully exploited its unique position , because it has often been passive in reaching out , giving clear messages , and making recommendations to its members .
Muslims in The Netherlands are responding by opening up their mosques and reaching out to neighbors .
President Mahmoud Ahmedinejad 's recent state visit to Iraq conveyed to the Americans an unequivocal message : the prospects of the United States ever reaching a modicum of stability in Iraq have become dependent on Iran-aligned forces .
In the 1960 's , David Ben-Gurion 's fatalistic pessimism about the possibility of ever reaching a peace settlement with the Arab countries led him to forge an `` Alliance of the Periphery '' with the non-Arab countries in the outer circle of the Middle East -- Iran , Ethiopia , and Turkey -LRB- he also dreamed of having Lebanon 's Maronite community as part of that alliance -RRB- .
The secession of a Southern Sudanese Christian state from a Muslim country , a major member of the Arab League , would have far-reaching strategic implications .
They applauded him everywhere on his recent trip to Europe , but sent him home almost empty-handed , resisting the idea of a coordinated fiscal stimulus and , after years of preaching multilateralism , turning down his call for more European troops for Afghanistan .
Some reached peace agreements with the country 's neighbors ; others came very close -- and at least succeeded in conveying to the Arab world Israel 's commitment to reaching out to the region 's peoples .
For Iran and its Hezbollah clients , the fall of Assad would be nothing short of a calamity -- one with far-reaching consequences .
No Israeli government will risk making a far-reaching peace offer to a Palestinian Authority whose rule is characterized by abdication and anarchy .
Even so , the threat to financial stability is possibly even graver today than it was in 2008 , as the capacity of Western European governments to backstop banking systems is clearly reaching its limits .
Negotiations for an association agreement between Ukraine and the EU , which includes far-reaching provisions for trade and regulatory integration , are well advanced , and could even be concluded this year .
Parliament watered down a proposal for far-reaching pension reform to the point that it borders on useless , and repeated promises to stop subsidizing wasteful energy consumption through low gas prices have not been honored .
A successful attack or accident at the Indian Point power plant near New York City , apparently part of Al Qaeda 's original plan for September 11 , 2001 , would have resulted in 43,700 immediate fatalities and 518,000 cancer deaths , with cleanup costs reaching $ 2 trillion .
In 2008 , United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon declared the goal of ensuring universal access to malaria-control interventions by the end of 2010 for all those at risk of the disease , with the ultimate goal of reaching near-zero malaria deaths by 2015 .
But what most characterizes Latin America 's experience is that , despite publicly preaching the virtues of a floating rate , the authorities actively intervene in currency markets , this time in different and creative ways .
At the same time , any wrong decision has far-reaching and irreversible consequences .
In reaching out to armed groups like the Movement for Emancipation of the Niger Delta -LRB- MEND -RRB- , one of his primary assets has been his vice president , Goodluck Jonathan , a native of the area .
In 1991 , when the Netherlands held the European presidency , Belgium supported its far-reaching draft for a treaty of European Union .
After all , the Israeli Prime Minister has made it clear that he favors continued conflict management in terms of `` economic peace '' over far-reaching political processes based on mutual respect and cooperation .
WikiLeaks ' latest release demonstrates that the transformation of power by the `` digital revolution '' could be as far-reaching as that brought about by the fifteenth-century printing revolution .
Europe 's lukewarm -- if not outright hostile -- response to John Paul II 's revivalist preaching testifies to the difficulty of this assignment .
By all accounts a reasonable man , Funes faces an uphill battle in preaching moderation .
Slighting public opinion in so direct a way will have more far-reaching implications for Hong Kong 's future .
Opinion polls in Taiwan reflect public dismay over the Chinese legislation , and this negative sentiment will raise the pressure on President Chen , who recently antagonized some of his more ardent pro-independence supporters by reaching out to the pro-unification opposition People First Party .
More importantly , as the world 's leader in stringent , real-time censorship of electronic communications , China is strongly placed to block any Arab contagion from reaching its shores .
At the end of a recent visit to Beijing with Pakistani Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani , Mukhtar reported that the Chinese government was more than happy to oblige whatever requests for assistance the Pakistani side made , including reaching an agreement to take over operation of the Gwadar port after the existing contract with a Singaporean government company expires .
Polar bears , which pile on fat to survive hibernation and yet do not become diabetic , may also hold clues for treating Type II diabetes , a disease associated with obesity that afflicts more than 190 million people worldwide , reaching epidemic proportions in many countries .
A brave concession , no doubt , but India has a more rigorous criterion for believing that Pakistan is truly serious about reaching a peaceful agreement : it wants Pakistan to dismantle the infrastructure of cross-border terrorism -- in particular , the training camps for Kashmiri separatists and their international jihadi brethren .
If the US is serious about reaching a constructive outcome in Copenhagen , it must set radical and practical targets , take responsibility for its historic carbon emissions , and commit itself to support developing countries ' efforts by means of capacity building , technology transfer , and finance .
In the process of reaching this decision , however , several long simmering issues have come to the fore .
The implications are far-reaching .
One consequence of last year 's enlargement is that it is forcing a far-reaching re-negotiation of all aspects of the EU budget .
During this period , credit expanded rapidly as a share of GDP , reaching more than 300 % at the peak .
Upon reaching the top of the FNV , Holland 's largest trade union , Kok found himself in a position of considerable influence in Dutch economic policymaking .
On top of that , let us make a major leap of imagination and suppose that even though this scenario of the EU at `` Year Zero '' means we would not have a half-century of intra-European cooperation to draw on , the nations that today make up the EU would nevertheless be keen to adopt far-reaching joint policies .
Let 's suspend our disbelief , then , and try to imagine what Europe could and should be doing to tackle some of the most far-reaching and obstinate policy challenges that will determine whether the next 50 years are as constructive as the last .
Or , to put it another way , let 's look at our problems in the light of the EU 's existing mechanisms and its potential for creating far-reaching new policies , and then let 's ask ourselves why the EU is n't realizing its own potential and delivering the goods .
Contagion soon spread across East Asia , with the ripple effects of serial currency devaluations reaching as far as Russia and Brazil .
Or perhaps the Justices were simply reacting to the Administration 's constant overreaching .
For the past six years , a global effort -LRB- called DOTS-Plus -RRB- to treat people with MDR-TB under strict conditions has been underway , reaching thousands with previously untreatable TB .
In September , when UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon convenes a summit in New York to renew the drive toward reaching the MDGs , the world leaders in attendance should endorse their use to address MDG priorities in areas other than health .
Civil-society organizations do not gain power through elections -LRB- legitimate or otherwise -RRB- , but through reaching the broader world .
We are also working on a project along these lines , reaching out to target populations with two-way new media such as the Internet and mobile phones , rather than harangues in newspapers and TV .
Political and legal reforms in Turkey in recent years have been remarkably far-reaching , for they have clearly been spurred by Turks ' wish to move closer to the EU .
Unfortunately , instead of reaching out to endangered nations like Ukraine , the EU beacon remains dark and its leaders silent .
Moreover , anatomically modern populations shared a number of these innovations with Neanderthals , which many anthropologists and geneticists consider a different species , or a human type inherently incapable of reaching our cognitive level .
Preaching nationalism , its managers will believe in their universal competence , as opposed to KGB-style professionalism and corporatism .
Even as the NATO-led intervention in Libya was being widely criticized for overreaching its narrow mandate , a major General Assembly debate in July 2011 reaffirmed overwhelming support among UN member states for the RtoP concept , in all of its dimensions .
According to the International Service for the Acquisition of Agri-biotech Applications -LRB- ISAAA -RRB- , GM crop adoption is growing at double-digit rates , reaching 114.3 million hectares in 23 countries in 2007 .
America 's Saving Rate and the Dollar 's Future CAMBRIDGE -- The saving rate of American households has risen sharply since the beginning of the year , reaching 6.9 % of after-tax personal income in May , the highest rate since 1992 .
But then the saving rate fell by a full percentage point , reaching 5.3 % in December 2010 .
We will also sign a far-reaching free-trade agreement with the EU .
Such periods always follow revolutions and times of far-reaching change .
Solving this problem will require the internationalization of access to civilian nuclear technology , along with filling the security gap under the existing NPT and substantially more far-reaching monitoring of all states that want to be part of such a system .
The US intervention has brought about four far-reaching changes in the region :
In addition to far-reaching political and economic cooperation , the offer promises cooperation on nuclear matters , including the construction and supply of the newest light-water reactors in Iran , as well as Iranian access to nuclear research and development -- provided that there is a negotiated settlement .
Brown 's fate has far-reaching effects for both Germany and France , because it is seen as the writing on the wall .
It is Obama 's policy of reaching out to Iran that offers the country this unique opportunity -- if , and it 's a big `` if , '' the Iranian leadership takes it up .
After this terrible crime , countries -- including in the Arab world -- were ready to embrace far-reaching steps .
A restructuring of the economy will be much more difficult , because it will have to be more far-reaching .
By intervening in Lebanon , Europeans have made a far-reaching , risk-fraught , and , at the same time , correct decision .
This may sound simple , but it will have far-reaching consequences for the coming century 's international order .
How can these far-reaching aims be achieved within the eurozone -LRB- together with non-eurozone EU members that want to join in -RRB- ?
Fukushima has presented the world with a far-reaching , fundamental choice .
Without a fundamental turnaround in American political consciousness , the unilateralist amnesia of US foreign policy will have far-reaching consequences and leave a huge vacuum in the global system .
Whatever the answer , the consequences -- whether good or bad -- will be far-reaching .
In the years following 2000 but before the financial crisis hit , the proportion of SWF equity investments allocated to foreign markets had been increasing , reaching a peak of 90 % during the second quarter of 2008 .
The Roots of China 's Rapid Recovery BEIJING -- China 's GDP is estimated to have grown 8.7 % year on year in 2009 -- once again the highest rate in the world -- with the fourth-quarter increase reaching 10.7 % , compared to 6.3 % in the fourth quarter of 2008 .
The call for Saddam Hussein 's resignation by Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahayan of the UAE before the US invasion suggests that at least some Arab leaders are prepared to welcome far-reaching change in their region .
The recent G-8 meeting in Scotland , as well as concerts and celebrity activism , has put a spotlight on the amount of international assistance reaching the countries and peoples of Africa .
But reaching an accord that sets binding ceilings for what each country will be allowed to emit is not an option in Copenhagen .
But far-reaching change both in Iraq and the Middle East is certain to take time .
The task now is to persuade Palestinians and Israelis to begin the process , to start taking steps to improve the situation on the ground so that they can tackle more far_reaching matters at the negotiating table .
The US is similarly prepared to respond if Syria demonstrates far_reaching changes in behavior .
Iraq , the second most expensive `` war of choice '' -LRB- after Vietnam -RRB- in American history , is for the United States reaching a level of effort that will no longer absorb substantial military and economic resources or garner significant domestic political attention .
But it is too soon to know whether change in Egypt will be far-reaching and lasting , much less positive , and thus too soon to assess its historic impact .
The establishment of a Palestinian state will not be enough for those terrorists who want to see the elimination of the Jewish state , any more than reaching a compromise over Kashmir will satisfy those Pakistan-based terrorists with bigger agendas vis-à-vis India .
Disturbing trends , such as a demographic youth `` bulge '' combined with high youth unemployment rates -- reaching almost 40 % in some places -- highlight potentially explosive social conditions .
The welfare state , largely associated with the reformist social-democratic movement , is now reaching its limits in the form of uncontrolled public deficits and unsupportable levels of taxation .
The parliament 's decision will be far-reaching , and will affect European finance for many years to come .
So bridging the human dignity deficit , the divide between haves and have-nots , will be essential to reaching any viable political settlement between Palestinians and Israelis .
Needless to say , reaching a consensus among such a diverse group of people from around the world was not easy .
Despite the seeming power of Germanys postwar Chancellors , the countrys political system can only be administered ; governance in the sense of addressing fundamental problems by enacting far-reaching reforms is usually impossible .
Worst of all , aid is not reaching those most affected .
Yet , despite these far-reaching changes , the dynamics of the OSCE 's presence have scarcely budged .
This month 's elections in Iraq and for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority may be claiming all the world 's headlines , but another potentially far-reaching ballot is also underway , albeit to far less acclaim : the registration process for the municipal elections in Saudi Arabia in mid-February .
The creation of money is often thought to be the domain of the state : this was the prevalent doctrine of the nineteenth century , reaching its apogee in the German economist Georg Friedrich Knapp 's The State Theory of Money .
Such major losses in fishing capacity , with their far-reaching negative socio-economic consequences on the human populations affected , are bound to have major , mostly favourable , effects on the fish stocks . The reason is simple : with most fish populations nowadays hit hard by over-fishing , fewer fishermen will mean more fish .
But this was not a case of over-regulating and over-reaching .
The events of recent months have exacted a heavy short-term economic toll , but they have potentially far-reaching long-term implications .
The military reorganization that the NDPO envisages is far-reaching .
But we placed amateurs in charge of dealing with Ukraine -- amateurs with far-reaching commercial interests .
The World Bank , too , has recently been resurrected in places like Ecuador , Bolivia , and Peru , with loans to that region of Latin America up four-fold year on year since last September , reaching nearly $ 3 billion .
That transformation was far-reaching .
But that should n't stop the West from reaching out to him directly , or pressing him to publicly appoint the representatives who negotiate with the West .
At considerable domestic political risk , Tymoshenko concluded a long-term gas transit and purchase agreement with Russia that is transparent and market-oriented , as well as a far-reaching agreement with the European Union , the World Bank , the EBRD , and the European Investment Bank on reform of Ukraine 's gas sector and gas-transit system .
In Germany , environmental technology is expected to quadruple over the coming years , reaching 16 % of manufacturing output by 2030 and employing more people than the auto industry .
But the Israeli government and army refuse , calling Hamas `` terrorists '' in order to deny them legitimacy , despite previously reaching understandings in southern Lebanon with Hezbollah , which they also consider a `` terrorist organization . ''
The international community must act quickly to force the Israelis to abandon its deterrence strategy and instead work on reaching an understanding that can result in a cessation of attacks by both sides .
The cost is tiny : reaching 80 % of the world 's 140 million or so undernourished children would require a commitment of around $ 60 million annually , while the economic gains would eventually clear $ 1 billion a year .
The trouble with reaching definitive conclusions about this or any other contested aspect of India 's distant past is that , unlike in neighboring China , there is little in the way of an objective historical record to rely upon .
But , since the OECD-countries -LRB- led by the United States and Australia -RRB- will soon overrun their carbon budgets even after far-reaching emissions reductions , they must cooperate with developing countries that still have budget surpluses .
This precedent will not be easy to roll back , and will have a far-reaching positive influence on China 's political progress .
But bullying Georgia and Moldova , demonstrating support for Hamas , or indulging North Korea do not seem to be guided by any strategic sense of Russia 's far-reaching interests . They seem guided by pure and simple spite .
Though political resistance and financial limitations have slowed expansion , this is arguably the most far-reaching universal coverage scheme , because it creates competition among all kinds of insurers and health care providers .
In August , temperatures there climbed 12.5 oC above the surrounding countryside , reaching 40oC -- a scorching heat that affected not only the downtown area , but also covered some 8,000 square kilometers .
And , because it would be cheaper and easier than carbon cuts , there would be a much greater chance of reaching a genuine , broad-based -- and thus successful -- international agreement .
Other provisions include curbing the far-reaching powers granted to the President in the 1971 constitution and introducing direct presidential elections with multiple candidates .
Commenting on the moment when `` Asiatic cholera '' kills the great and troubled writer Gustav von Aschenbach , a brilliant Asian student pointed out that Mann related the disease to the `` pestilence '' of the Ganges delta , which traversed China and Afghanistan , Persia and Astrakhan , and `` even Moscow , '' before reaching Europe through the `` city of the lagoon . ''
The irony is that , unless far-reaching changes are made soon , Mother India could eventually be the only woman left in the country .
Some developing countries have introduced a far-reaching VAT refund system for consumers who collect official receipts .
As a result , farmers in future member countries will only receive 25 % of West European levels of direct payments when they join in 2004 , reaching parity only in 2013 .
Nine million children die each year before reaching their fifth birthday ; 69 million school-age children are not in school ; 884 million people have no access to safe drinking water ; and 2.6 billion lack access to basic sanitation .
In reaching across this new frontier , the EU will need the same magnanimity and vision that it showed in bringing the new member states into the fold .
By contrast , average fertility rates in the world 's poorest countries -- say , Somalia , Yemen , and Uganda -- are vastly higher , reaching more than seven births per woman .
The ultimate goal is far-reaching integration in a Common Economic Space .
As a result , while many advanced and developing countries are pursuing far-reaching measures to increase energy efficiency and adopt clean-energy technologies , their existing technologies , incentives , regulations , and commitments imply a sharp rise in total carbon emissions in the coming decades .
Of course , every euro-zone country is breaching the SGP 's deficit ceiling as a result of the current crisis .
We are thus slowly reaching the point where some of those contemplating crimes such as those committed by Slobodan Milosevic must recognize that one day they could be held accountable .
Moreover , Sweden 's far-reaching freedom of expression is one reason why Assange located WikiLeaks ' servers in the country .
The success of Europe 's newly established science centers and festivals in reaching their potential audiences reflects their invention of a new way of teaching and learning .
But reaching this target is not enough .
The answer is , not as clean as Harvard , but nevertheless , further reaching . ''
Whatever the geometry of such a consultative group , it would be designed to supplement the UN in reaching decisions , and would help galvanize bureaucracies in member governments to address key transnational issues .
He has supplemented his major television and radio speeches with Internet-based video clips on YouTube , and his political style has been marked by reaching out in a bipartisan fashion to broad circles of political leaders .
Over the next half-century , South Korea became the world 's 11th largest economy , with per capita income reaching more than $ 15,000 .
With oil reaching $ 100 dollars per barrel , and energy-hungry giants like the United States and China beating a path to Nigeria 's door , Africa 's leading oil producer wants to use petrodollars to cure the country 's economic ills and flex its muscles in the international arena .
This could have far-reaching consequences for the PDP and the country .
The far-reaching and unintended consequences for the world of the terrorist attacks of September 11th are , of course , a key cause here .
But , despite the best efforts of governments , reaching those goals by the 2015 target date still remains a distant prospect for many countries , not the least of in Africa .
The public is reaching a breaking point .
Rather , it provides a way of reaching a better understanding of their point of view .
Resolving the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict peacefully requires two parallel steps : a guarantee of non-resumption of military hostilities , and a clear , mutually binding blueprint for reaching a final settlement .
And , despite Turkey 's fast-growing population , per capita GDP has tripled since 2002 , reaching $ 10,500 in 2010 .
It attributed the rise to the `` nationalistic preaching '' that has taken root in both countries .
But reaching one cohort per year is too little to meet demands in a fast-changing economy .
To implement the far-reaching vision of the Barcelona Process , the ENP will have to revisit the way it distributes its financial support , rebalance the funding that it provides to the EU 's eastern and southern neighborhoods , and place much greater emphasis on democracy , the rule of law , and human rights .
Similarly , Dengue -LRB- or `` breakbone '' -RRB- fever -- a severe flu-like viral illness that can cause fatal internal bleeding -- has broadened its range in the Americas over the past 10 years , reaching down to Buenos Aires by the end of the 1990 's .
Syria , however , can not be ignored , since it is capable of undermining attempts at reaching an Israeli-Palestinian track or stabilizing Lebanon .
For a grand bargain with the US , Iran needs to end its support for militant organizations like Hamas or Palestinian Islamic Jihad which undermine efforts at reaching a two-state solution for Israel and Palestine .
His is the face of Putin 's new Russia , of a smug Russia that is `` getting off its knees '' and reaching for its gun .
While the Russian army seems not to have engaged in any active measures since reaching its current positions , it pointedly remains within a half-hour of Tbilisi .
In reaching its decision , the Supreme Court took into account a legal brief submitted by 60 major American businesses , led by General Motors , asking that affirmative action be upheld .
At stake is the soul of an emerging Thailand , with far-reaching ramifications for developing democracies elsewhere as well as the broader international community .
Sending money to some countries is now allowed only through formal banking channels , and this has created virtual monopolies while also preventing remittance money from reaching rural areas where banks do n't operate .
To prevent abuse of these far-reaching powers , their exercise needs to be balanced by routine accountability .
With governments in many developed countries now reaching the limits of their gap-filling capacity , three undesirable possibilities loom large -LRB- in addition to the desirable possibility that they will have no choice but to undertake long-postponed reforms that will create sustainable growth with less need for government buffers -RRB- .
But , whereas metal prices have fallen , oil prices are reaching record highs .
It is a challenge and an opportunity reaching beyond the present day .
But growth has been unbalanced : Europe and Japan - despite some recent gains - are far from reaching their potential , and the United States and China have continued largely to drive the world economy .
In 2002 , at the Monterrey Conference , the international community agreed on a framework for reaching that goal .
This June , the IMF 's Executive Board did just that , reaching a broad consensus on updating surveillance to make it more focused and effective .
Preaching privatization and social repression , he has placed himself to the right of the right , hoping to take back the votes that the mainstream right has been losing to Jean-Marie Le Pen 's `` fascistoid '' National Front for the past 20 years .
But even the Asian model may be reaching its limits .
Central to their effort has been to bolster clearinghouses for derivatives -- instruments that exacerbated the implosion at AIG and others in the last financial crisis . But a clearinghouse is no panacea , and its limits , although easy to miss , are far-reaching .
Stock market volatility was also very low during the early 1990 's , before reaching new peaks later in the decade .
With the Bank tirelessly preaching the merits of good governance , its failure to adopt democratic principles undercuts its own legitimacy .
Or , less likely , he could embrace some megalomaniacal and over-reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner has floated a far-reaching overhaul of the financial system , and China 's leaders are starting to take steps towards improving the country 's social safety net .
Ironically , as computer-aided cheating increasingly pervades chess tournaments -LRB- with accusations reaching the highest levels -RRB- , the main detection device requires using another computer .
Yet , with inequality reaching levels similar to 100 years ago , the status quo has to be vulnerable .
It was just over four decades ago that urban riots and mass demonstrations rocked the developed world , ultimately catalyzing far-reaching social and political reforms .
The Gold Bubble and the Gold Bugs NEW YORK -- Gold prices have been rising sharply , breaching the $ 1,000 barrier and in recent weeks rising towards $ 1,200 an ounce and above .
NEW YORK -- The eurozone crisis is reaching its climax .
AMSTERDAM -- The latest economic data suggests that recession is returning to most advanced economies , with financial markets now reaching levels of stress unseen since the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008 .
NEW YORK -- The eurozone crisis seems to be reaching its climax , with Greece on the verge of default and an inglorious exit from the monetary union , and now Italy on the verge of losing market access .
Yet Arafat himself will be 75 in a few months and is clearly reaching the end of his career .
And still , after twenty years of preaching that private markets would pick up the slack , these impoverished communities are further away than ever from using improved seeds , fertilizers , and small-scale water management technologies .
Fundamentalism seems to emerge in times of far-reaching change , when traditional social arrangements come under threat . The surge of modern American fundamentalism in politics dates to the civil rights era of the 1960 's , and at least partly reflects a backlash among whites against the growing political and economic strength of non-white and immigrant minority groups in US society .
The size of this downturn is so large that unemployment will rise sharply in all major regions of the world economy , perhaps reaching 9-10 % in the US .
Connecting kids around the world in shared on-line curricula , and facilitating `` social networks '' of kids around the world at an early age , will yield far-reaching educational benefits .
The tragedy of millions of impoverished people dying of AIDS even when drugs exist to treat them raises deep questions about global intellectual property rights , because patent protection is creating a barrier to essential medicines reaching the world 's poor .
Today 's course of action - in which we neglect the coming squeeze in global oil supplies , rely too heavily on Middle East oil , and ignore the environmental consequences of fossil fuels - is reaching a dead end .
He also noted that countries like Germany and Japan that aspire to permanent UN Security Council membership have a particular responsibility of global stewardship in reaching the target .
It was his ambition to subject the country to truly far-reaching social and political reforms that sealed his downfall and also brought about this new trial , which appears intended to silence him for good .
With China 's US trade surplus reaching $ 200 billion last year , American sentiment is growing to take strong measures .
Few Israelis expect Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmud Abbas to deliver security to Israel , or to implement far reaching political and financial reforms .
To be sure , we still sympathize with people who , upon reaching middle age or later , find themselves replaced by lower-paid workers in another part of the world , if not by a computer or a robot .
In the US , at least , breaching sexual norms still brings with it a moral opprobrium that is unrelated to any real harm it may do .
There is better news on achieving gender parity in education , a key to reaching other goals , including lower infant mortality , which often comes about because educated women have fewer children .
Chua would reply that reaching a high level of achievement brings great satisfaction , and that the only way to do it is through hard work .
Ultra-cheap money produced a surge in sub-prime mortgage lending -- a market that collapsed when interest rates increased steadily after 2005 , reaching 5 % . The financial crisis of 2008 was the start of a highly painful , but inevitable , process of de-leveraging .
He can not openly challenge Putin 's legacy , but he has to position himself as reaching beyond Putin .
A world economic conference , convened in London in 1933 to end the currency war , adjourned without reaching any decision .
In its first episode , Ferguson appears amid the splendid monuments of China 's Ming Dynasty , which , in the fifteenth century , was undoubtedly the greatest civilization of the day , with its naval expeditions reaching the coasts of Africa .
Over time , however , the interest-rate premium is likely to be small , because higher capital requirements and contingent capital should significantly reduce the likelihood of ever reaching the triggers .
The drug trade exemplifies the far-reaching impact of domestic instability .
Globalization allowed the US to suck up the savings of the rest of the world and consume more than it produced , with its current account deficit reaching 6.2 % of GNP in 2006 .
But , regardless of the eventual outcome , the case has far-reaching implications for the financial reform legislation that the US Congress is now considering .
The authorities are trying to buy time , but time is running out . The crisis is rapidly reaching a climax .
These efforts will require far-reaching reforms . What is required is de-politicized fiscal and macroeconomic surveillance , stricter and more binding budgetary rules , smoother recourse to sanctions for breaching them , and close co-ordination of economic policies .
While there was less American leadership than one would have hoped , indeed expected under the circumstances , many participants were simply relieved that America did not put up obstacles to reaching a global consensus , as would have been the case if George W. Bush were still president .
But , while preaching free market doctrines abroad , the US bails out its airlines and increases agricultural subsidies at home .
The pre-1998 period of economic decline , on their view , reflected a stalled transition process , whereas the ruble crisis finally jolted the authorities into action , with recovery following implementation of far-reaching reforms .
But the mainstream reaction has been much more fearful : media and politicians throughout the European Union are obsessing about the threat of waves of migrants reaching their borders .
Yet , while reform efforts intensified throughout Europe in the late 1990 's both inside and outside of the euro area , there is little evidence that `` ins '' enacted more far-reaching and significant supply-side reforms than the `` outs . ''
But those lessons imply reforms that are more far-reaching than Chirac is ever likely to envisage .
And , contrary to the government 's outlook , the start of economic recovery could be delayed until the end of this year , with medium-term annual growth reaching 1.5 - 2 % .
The terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and recent statements by CIA Director George Tenet that North Korea possesses missiles capable of reaching the US West Coast undoubtedly shocked Americans out of their complacency over North Korea 's nuclear status .
But reaching this figure will not be possible -- even if scaled back -- because the government seems unable to curb public spending and because the European Commission will not accept new budgetary subterfuges from Finance Minister Giulio Tremonti aimed at evading the constraints imposed by the Euro-zone 's Growth and Stability Pact .
Indians abroad stayed loyal to India : remittances from overseas Indians remained robust , reaching $ 46.4 billion in 2008-2009 , the bulk of which came from the mainly blue-collar Indian expatriate community in the Gulf countries .
Thanks to a coordinated effort by all major players under the Vienna Initiative , these banks ' large-scale withdrawal -- with potentially far-reaching consequences for the region -- was averted in 2009 .
Meanwhile , in Central Asia , Russia , having built strong economic ties with Kazakhstan , is now reaching out to Kyrgyzstan , thus competing more actively with neighboring China .
Preventing aid from reaching those in need is bad enough .
Fighting malnutrition is the first step toward reaching this objective .
But it offers the world the best chance of reaching a sustainable energy future unscathed , so we should explore this route with the same ingenuity and persistence that put humans on the moon and created the digital age .
America 's renewed engagement with Iran is clearly a policy that will have a far-reaching impact in the Middle East .
Ever since modern diplomacy was invented in Renaissance Italy , states have found it necessary to exchange envoys for the purpose of reaching -LRB- or breaking -RRB- agreements , whether on parchment or by video conference .
Some 80 % of Latin American cocaine reaching the US passes through the country at some point .
Adherence to the NPT has increased steadily , reaching a stage of near universal acceptance .
Some economists recommend fundamental changes in the way monetary policy is conducted to avoid ever reaching this `` zero bound '' on interest rates .
Indeed , international measures of graft show that the authorities may be reaching a stalemate or even retreating in the fight .
The international community has great expectations for reaching a positive outcome in Copenhagen .
But since climate change is a more far-reaching and serious challenge , the world must not waver in its determination and commitment to addressing it .
Messianic waves from the Middle East , reaching both schools and mosques , help draw young Muslims into radicalism .
But if the West is to curtail Al Qaeda 's activities in Yemen , it will need to push Saleh into reaching accommodations with both the Houthis and the southerners , and this will undoubtedly mean sharing power with them . Saleh will undoubtedly resist such an effort .
When they do , both sides must spend an enormous amount of time and effort in reaching a consensus on North Korea , which leaves the isolated North breeding all sorts of conspiracy theories .
Indeed , the Israeli public consistently supported the idea of the government reaching agreement with Hamas for the soldier 's release .
On the contrary , it may be impossible to win North Korea 's assent to denuclearization in the absence of far-reaching domestic change .
Experts have been preaching crop diversity , irrigation , and improved soil nutrients for decades .
Nevertheless , the AGF 's report concludes that reaching the goal of raising $ 100 billion a year by 2020 , while challenging , is feasible .
