Musharraf was not ready to give up his military post , but also wanted to be a civilian president .
Already , in Gilani 's hometown of Multan , rioters attacked government offices and banks to protest electricity disruptions .
This window of opportunity can be expanded through dialogue and reconciliation with those who are ready to disavow extremism and militancy .
This time , as the Afghan Taliban are expelled from Pakistan , NATO and Afghan forces must be ready to take them on .
Assad compared the situations in Lebanon and Iraq , insisting that Iraq could achieve what Lebanon had already accomplished two decades before , namely the forced withdrawal by American and British troops in the face of steadfast , bloody resistance .
His family is poor , and his parents have already sold almost all their furniture to pay for food and schooling for their children .
Bank regulators should just say no to such lending by institutions that are already under their purview .
To what degree are Fatah , the secular movement controlled by Palestine President Abbas , and the Islamist Hamas ready to reach an understanding about how to proceed after the disengagement ?
These are not problems that can await resolution . Someone must decide soon , for example , about the division of the land and the apartments to be built in what is already known as `` Khalifa bin Zaid City , '' located on a former Israeli settlement in the Gaza Strip .
With the Gaza Strip in its backyard , Egypt has already mediated several times between Hamas and Fatah , and has been trying , so far unsuccessfully , to arrange a swap of prisoners with Israel following Hamas 's abduction of Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit .
Fear of major fighting has already sent many Palestinians into Egypt , leading to the deployment of Egyptian troops on the border to control any mass exodus .
Under his blueprint , which has received strong financial support from the US and the European Union , the political , economic , and security infrastructure of the Palestinian state would be ready by August 2011 .
Teachers and nurses are dying ; police and security forces are being hard hit , and 14 million children have already been orphaned by AIDS .
The increase in energy demand has already led to power shortages in the oil-producing countries , which are expected to reduce exports this summer .
We should look for common political approaches , many of which we have already agreed , and could easily endorse again .
In a sense , such a process is already at work .
Indeed , it is already creating tensions .
Indeed , this is precisely what happened with the Russians : the most qualified have already gone to the US . Europe has been unable to attract much more than a few disreputable oligarchs , who migrated to the French Riviera , and a handful of lively street singers .
The problem of Latin America lies in its high level of government spending , the lack of a solid upper and middle class ready to pay taxes to support it , and the inability to produce politicians able to use tax revenues prudently and so break the cycle of populist demagoguery .
Because some industries no longer care about wide trade agreements because they have already benefited through a sectoral deal , the groups that normally see themselves as gaining from greater trade openness are too weak to offset the political influence of protectionist forces mobilized against liberalization .
People simply were n't ready last December when a first attempt was made to finalize agreement .
He identified his source `` a Hutu '' and reported that arms were ready for the impending ethnic cleansing .
Over 600 missiles , already deployed on the mainland , are aimed at cities and military bases on the island .
These include 3,600 troops from the 2nd Brigade of the 2nd Infantry Division , who are already earmarked for redeployment in Iraq .
Though the Justice and Development Party has held power only briefly , it has already given clear indications of its choice .
More than 80 % said Estrada should be allowed to languish in a lush private family vacation home where he already spent the last six years awaiting his verdict .
Indeed , with domestic oil consumption growing at a higher rate than production , government revenues from oil exports are already in decline .
Some experts argue that it has already raised oil prices by about $ 15 per barrel .
It is also correct that if OPEC had excess capacity , it would have already used it to flush out speculators to bring oil prices down .
Yet their most valuable asset is cultural : soldiers who are willing and able to interact with the local population , who are cautious in their use of lethal force , and who are ready to accept the many shades of gray that exist between conflicting parties .
They already have shown remarkable determination , providing grounds to be optimistic that this time things will , indeed , be different .
We must all consider what responsibilities we are willingly ready to accept , and then discuss our answers with others .
That framework has to be based on global civics , a system of conscious responsibilities that we are ready to take on -- and corresponding rights that we are ready to claim -- after due deliberation .
For , contrary to what is often said in America 's Congress , Europe already bears the lion 's share of the peacekeeping burden -LRB- let alone reconstruction aid -RRB- in the Balkans .
The list could continue , but we already have reason enough to conclude that getting the best out of the new Treaty will be the best that the EU and its member states can do .
Such theoretical objections must be set against the fact Europe already exists - indeed , decisions are made everyday on the European level which determine our lives .
Europe 's Crisis of Leadership BRUSSELS -- The global financial crisis has already highlighted both the strengths and the weaknesses of the European Union .
That these collateralized mortgage obligations -LRB- CMOs , or bonds backed by a pool of mortgages -RRB- found a ready market , both in the US and abroad , reflects failure on several fronts .
The signs are already visible .
But many factories have already perished .
Leveraging a mixture of administrative guidance and monetary incentives , the city government plans to reduce the share of garments in the output of textiles products by 25 % in three years and to increase the industrial applications of chemical fibers , which promise much higher returns than apparel production . Already , according to local officials , the city 's factories have acquired the ability to mass-produce super-thin fibers first designed in Japan .
Tens of millions of people have been added to the hundreds of millions already below the poverty line , reversing progress toward attaining the world 's Millennium Development Goals .
Several of them , including Ethiopia , Malawi and South Africa , have already been allocated Special Drawing Rights to help them cope with the economic crisis .
Having already been condemned by a kangaroo court to death by musketry , my father refused to hoist a white flag . `` The Filipino , '' he insisted , `` is worth dying for . ''
This program already covers roughly 2.3 million poor families , providing them with yet another key to social mobility .
That membership drive , however , has already transformed Turkey .
Turkey 's transformation has already put an end to the Cold War-style security-state apparatus that ruled the country for half a century , and has changed the framework of the country 's domestic and foreign policy .
In any case , the central bank has already projected that Brazil 's trade surplus will disappear this year , with a small deficit expected .
International public opinion and history have already condemned him .
That Facebook group already has around 30,000 `` likes . ''
Indeed , Egypt 's former Mufti , Sheikh Nasr Farid Wasil , has already declared Bin Laden a martyr , `` because he was killed by the hands of the enemy . '' -LRB- Sheikh Wasil , it should be made known , has no links or known sympathies for Al Qaeda and he represents a very different Islamic school of thought . -RRB-
China 's government is already moving ahead on multiple fronts to attain this goal as was clear from announcements at this week 's National People 's Congress .
The taboo against criticizing Putin is already powerless .
It is already a market economy and it is certainly located in Europe .
By 1998 , Russia already had achieved a critical mass of markets and private enterprise , while the financial crash of that year worked like a catharsis , forcing the government to abolish enterprise subsidies that underpinned a devastating budget deficit of some 9 % of GDP .
But it was already too late , as the liquidity problem had become a matter of solidity .
Russian consumers are already scared and will cut their consumption , causing aggregate demand to contract .
Oil and other commodity prices are likely to fall further , and oil and gas production have already stagnated .
As their small and open economies were already heavily `` euro-ized , '' the pass-though of higher foreign prices into inflation would have been huge following any devaluation , which would also have broken their otherwise reasonably healthy banking systems .
For example , NATO already has three members - Bulgaria , Romania , and Turkey - bordering the Black Sea .
Far from burdening an already over-stressed , over-stretched global economy , environmental investments are exactly what is needed to get people back to work , get order books flowing , and assist in powering economies back to health .
This means granting them formal political recognition and acceding to widening the pax mafiosa that already exists in many local jurisdictions ;
Arab countries , already questionable allies in the war against fellow Muslims in Afghanistan , will be even less reliable in a war against fellow Arabs .
In the latter case , the infrastructure for support already exists , though it was partially dismantled during the Clinton administration .
Two aspects , however , are already visible .
Palestine is not yet a state , but it is already a failed one .
The Winograd Commission articulated what most Israelis already think : Olmert and Peretz lacked the military , security , and policy experience to confront a terrorist organization that raided Israeli territory , killed a number of soldiers and kidnapped two , and then launched thousands of rockets on civilian targets for over a month .
Halutz already resigned a few months ago .
There are already rumors about a palace coup within Kadima , aimed at replacing Olmert with either the deputy prime minister , the veteran Shimon Peres , or the popular foreign minister , Tzipi Livni .
The other scenario is when the two sides have already engaged in bilateral peace talks , paid the domestic political price , and reached agreement on most issues , though some matters remain unresolved and threaten to derail the process .
Indeed , some activists are already back in Tahrir Square demonstrating against such an incongruous yet possible alliance .
But Erdo?an 's threat to consider using the Turkish navy as a military escort for further flotillas to Gaza already borders on saber rattling , as does his declared willingness to use force to prevent the Republic of Cyprus from exploring for gas in its continental shelf .
Although the EU 's eastward enlargement has not yet happened , the debate is already shifting to ask what will follow : when should the new , predominantly postcommunist , members adopt the euro ?
Well , most candidate countries have already achieved a high degree of structural convergence with the EU .
As with structural convergence , EU candidates already outperform Spain , Portugal , and Greece at a comparable time before their EMU debut .
Equally , the transition period is already turbulent , with convergence-driven capital flows driving up exchange rates and complicating monetary policy in several candidate countries , including Poland , the Czech Republic , and Hungary .
On the contrary , reforms usually are undertaken only when the signs of an impending crisis are so strong that it is increasingly difficult to ignore them , or after the crisis has already `` educated '' voters .
Interestingly , all the available measures of actual corruption were already declining before the Kaczy?ski twins were elected .
As EU members already have large tax burdens , further tax increases would weaken the forces of growth .
We already have the bad example of the International Space Station , a waste of $ 100 billion that has produced no scientific results .
A new generation of politicians is ready to carry the torch onwards .
We already have a deep-rooted tradition of conservation .
Nine countries already have nuclear weapons , and it would be naive to presume that others , particularly in regions of conflict , will not try to get hold of them .
Of Moldova 's 3.5 million people at the time of independence , 15 % have already left the country to seek better lives elsewhere . More than 63 % of Moldova 's young people say they want out .
Many Moldovans , indeed , already have Romanian passports so that they can travel and work in the EU .
Waiting lists for medical and nursing services in Norway already seem endless , and school buildings are deteriorating - some have even been closed down by the public health authorities .
Given this alignment of forces , and the bloodshed that has already occurred in Manama 's Pearl Square , the scenes from Cairo of protesters arm-in-arm with soldiers and hugging tank crews are unlikely to be replayed here .
His forces have already clashed with rival units in Mukalla and surrounded the presidential palace in Aden .
Indeed , the opposition parties have already organized a transitional council to take Saleh 's place .
Conflicts have already erupted between TNC members as well as between members of the military leadership . Bolstered by his high profile as Justice Minister , Jalil has emerged as an interim leader . But once the TNC makes the transition toward becoming an elected body , the more charismatic CT Director Mahmoud Jibril and the astute council spokesman Abdul Hafiz Ghoga may emerge as the rebels ' true leaders .
Although both sides claim to be ready for dialogue , they are talking at cross-purposes : the exiles say that talks must be based on their autonomy proposals , while China says that it will discuss only the Dalai Lama 's `` personal status '' -- where he would live in Beijing should he return to China .
Countries and organizations are already mobilizing .
We already speak with conviction and clarity on the major challenges that face us .
We already speak with conviction and clarity on the major challenges that face us .
India and China , each in its own way , is already moving in this direction .
But the firms ' pay arrangements did not contain any `` claw-back '' provisions that would have enabled the firms to recoup the bonuses that had already been paid .
Two countries -- Hungary and Ukraine -- have already asked for large packages of support .
Second , they must prevent the crisis measures already taken from discriminating against subsidiaries in Central and Eastern Europe , independently of whether they are within or outside the European Union .
This Confucian tradition aims to influence contemporary politics , but it also remains separate from state power and orthodoxy , always ready to point to the gap between ideals and reality .
The United States ' staunchest ally since 2001 , Great Britain , has already gone down this path , divorcing itself from its servile alliance with a Bush administration that focused on war and confrontation .
Syria has already sought to assure regime continuity through quasi-monarchic hereditary succession with the move from Hafez al-Assad to his son Bashar .
The question is this : are Muslims ready to accept that Khomeini 's dictum that `` Islam is politics or it is nothing '' is wrong , that Islam is a religion and not a form of government , and that , as in the Christian world , there is a sphere for Caesar and a sphere for God ?
But there is no need to reinvent the wheel , because the solution to the Arab-Israeli conflict is embodied in the main peace plans that are already on the table : the Clinton peace parameters , and the all-Arab peace initiative .
Indeed , the war in Georgia already has thrown Russia into the most severe financial crisis since its virtual bankruptcy in 1998 ; $ 17 billion were lost in capital flight in just one week .
Russia holds the key not only to Iran 's diplomatic isolation , but also -- through the weapons transfers that it has already pledged to Iran -- to the Iranian government 's capacity to protect its nuclear installations .
Leadership and commitment are what is required , and Obama 's `` Yes , we can '' campaign has already shown that he has both .
In fact , Israel 's top leaders have already approved the army 's plans for an invasion of Gaza , with the timing and the nature of the casus belli left open .
But , even if Israel is ready to pay the price of harsh international condemnation , it is not clear success in such a war really means .
The disintegration of an already fragmented country , the return of civil war , and the shadow of Iran 's power being cast over the Iraqi state are all plausible scenarios .
CIA Director Leon Panetta and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm. Mike Mullen have already come and gone , with Vice President Joe Biden and a high-level delegation of the State Department and the National Security Council due in Jerusalem in early March .
King Muhammad VI of Morocco has already indicated that the Crown would consider a `` historic compromise '' with the Islamists should they , as predicted , win the elections in June 2007 .
The Haitian refugee crisis in the early 1990 's tragically showed that no country in the region -- including the United States , which either repatriated most illegal immigrants or confined them to the hardship of open camps in Guantánamo Bay -- was ready to absorb the Haitians who fled their politically torn country .
United Nations Resolution 181 in 1947 has already recognized Israel as a Jewish state .
Already feeling the heat of a major diplomatic debacle , Israel might soon pre-empt the Palestinian diplomatic offensive with a `` peace plan '' of its own .
Already , the new Egyptian finance minister , Samir Radwan , has made it clear that he does not favor investments from `` the enemy '' -- that is , Israel -- which might lead to a takeover of the Egyptian economy .
-LRB- Ten weeks into the fighting in Libya , the Europeans were already running out of munitions . -RRB-
But , while the dust has not yet settled after months of turmoil in Tunis , Cairo , and elsewhere , the Arab revolts have already had a massive impact on the strategic structure of the Middle East .
Egypt has already managed to draw Hamas away from Syria into an inter-Palestinian reconciliation .
Even if , as expected , the Security Council rejects the Palestinians ' request for full UN membership and Palestine ends up with observer status in the General Assembly , Abbas can already claim victory .
Let the Jews come already and save us ! ''
This alliance of Middle East moderates comes with a price that neither Israel nor the Bush administration seems ready to pay .
Indeed , Mubarak has already called for a resumption of inter-Palestinian dialogue , which might lead to yet another attempt at a national unity government , the same kind of government with which both Israel and the US refused to do business .
Most of these protests stem from acts by local officials that were already clearly illegal under existing Chinese law .
The three new EU supervisory authorities for banks , insurance and securities markets will coordinate the existing system of national supervisors . They will have no enforcement powers and national governments are already finding ways to undermine their authority and -LRB- financial -RRB- capacity .
`` It took thirty years before I found out , '' McNamara said , `` that there were already nuclear arms on Cuba : 162 charges , of which 90 were tactical nuclear weapons . ''
`` We are not even ready to forcefully meet conflicts on our own continent , '' Polish President Aleksander Kwasniewski sighed .
Therefore , new publications and dynamic pages that change their content frequently are already beyond the scope of the popularity methods , and searching this material is vulnerable to rudimentary techniques of manipulation .
But the questions to be answered leading up to the summit are already clear : which , if any , country will be asked to join Nato ; when will any new member join ?
As if to confirm that the lesson has sunk in , Secretary of State Colin Powell has just informed Russia that the US is ready , after all , to enter a binding treaty on the reduction of nuclear weapons .
While some important victories have been won in this war , for lack of US leadership one battle has already been lost - the definition of the enemy .
But instead of offering ready solutions for the rest to endorse , leadership will have to consist of working with the other members , patiently and discretely , so that all or at last most feel they are involved in formulating common positions .
This explains why neither the US , nor its opponents or supporters in Europe , ever sought a thorough discussion of the operation in the NATO Council before , during , or after the Iraq war - they realized their views were already too far apart to be reconciled .
Indeed , the US is already trying to soften up Iranian resistance by hinting at a possible use of force .
The drafters of the farewell communiqué are , no doubt , already at work listing all the issues on which the two governments see eye to eye .
Neither Bush nor Schroeder seem ready for this .
But that alienation already largely ended earlier this year , when the Bush administration realized that allies are good to have and that Germany is an important one .
But she has already made clear that Germany 's neighbors to the East will have no reason not feel bypassed .
But there will be no new initiatives on integration until leaders in the countries that rejected the Constitutional Treaty are ready for a new try .
But those who now call on the Security Council to issue rapid condemnations of Iran 's behavior should keep two things in mind : they are unlikely to have any effect , and the US has already used such resolutions as a pretext for launching military action on its own .
The world needs a united continent , ready to go into action .
All seven policies have already been successfully implemented in countries around the world , but they need scaling up .
But we need to invest now , seriously and through global collaboration , so that by 2020 we are in a position to scale up CCS or be ready to deploy other alternatives .
Developed countries will be able to commit to reducing their emissions by 80 % versus 1990 by mid-century , as many have already done , and provide the necessary financial and technology support for developing countries ' adaptation and mitigation efforts .
Much significant progress has already been made ; now we must consolidate our gains .
In other cases , the capital outflows only worsen already difficult situations .
A number of countries have already obtained funds under program lending .
With interest rates already low , the room for monetary policy is limited .
They know all too well that the old nemesis , `` capital , '' has become difficult or impossible to expropriate , yet they remain unready or unwilling to deliver the news to their constituency .
Now only a few sectors suffer from excess capital accumulation . Firms are ready to invest again .
With contraction and Euro appreciation comes the specter of falling prices , with which Europe is already flirting .
Indeed , the revolution is already upon us . For the first time in history , a global techno-market order is transforming the world of finance , business , politics and , indeed , physiology , beyond recognition .
Future deficits could , in theory , be reduced through higher contributions , but social security contributions are already far too high in Europe , inhibiting job creation and economic growth .
Moreover , the Commission has already worked to harmonize the assumptions needed to forecast public pension outlays and achieve cross-country comparability .
Policies on migrants are becoming increasingly tough , especially in those countries that already had the most restrictive provisions .
The Green Paper also suggests that , when admitting migrants , member countries `` require proof that no one already part of the domestic labor market can fill the vacancy concerned . ''
These leaders already know the tribal chiefs , spiritual leaders , and tribal customs and codes .
France and Germany will soon have a common army -- they already have a common currency -- yet the survival of national teams channels , within a strictly limited framework , lingering rivalry between the two countries .
An internationalized court in Iraq for the prosecution of crimes against humanity would contribute to the development of a national justice system that will actually deliver justice for all Iraqis , and will thus assist the already encouraging efforts of the Iraqi Governing Council towards democracy .
In fact , the resolution calls on the participants at a conference of donors , to take place in London at the end of January , `` to take into consideration the proposal of licensed production of opium for medical purposes , as already granted to a number of countries . ''
This is helping to promote further instability in already volatile political contexts .
Within the current recession , we have already had a double dip ; a dip at the beginning of 2008 , then some growth , then another long , deep dip , then renewed growth .
A recent UN report warned that we have already entered the danger zone .
Indeed , with Shiite-Sunni violence already intensifying , the Iraqi government may not be able to maintain even the appearance of effectiveness for very long .
The world already knows of China 's success and its attractiveness as a destination for foreign investment , but few outsiders have seen firsthand the steep price the country is paying for its new prosperity .
Activists with grievances over Tibet , Taiwan , Burma , Darfur , and dozens of other political , environmental , and human-rights issues are already making plans .
Is China ready for Greenpeace , Human Rights in China , Amnesty International , and Falun Gong supporters to take to the streets , with thousands of foreign journalists hungry for stories and asking questions that the authorities are unaccustomed to answering ?
He has already proposed a popular referendum on Taiwanese membership in the United Nations .
And , while British Prime Minister Gordon Brown agrees with Obama that the world 's leading industrialized countries must stimulate their domestic economies as much as they can , Bank of England Governor Mervyn King has warned that Britain may already have taken on too much debt for another round of stimulus .
The Obama administration has already moved against Chinese exports of tires and steel pipes , but this year 's confrontation will extend well beyond trade .
But if Chinese-made products threaten their health and safety , there are sure to be opportunistic lawmakers ready to fan the flames .
Officials in Beijing , increasingly sensitive to US criticism , will prove as ready to trade accusations as goods and services or good ideas .
Both countries have relative freedom of speech , at least relative to their Arab neighbors , and a multitude of political parties that are always ready to use it .
But the central government will need a large share of that income if it is to finance the construction of new institutions of governance , invest in critical infrastructure , undertake onerous reforms aimed at economic liberalization , and provide the resource-poor -LRB- and already restive -RRB- Sunnis of central Iraq with a greater share of the country 's wealth .
Only the presence of foreign troops slows the further balkanization of the country 's already fractious politics .
Beyond Latin America , several Eastern European countries offer ready examples . In these states , regulatory and taxation issues now affect confidence more deeply and consistently than does political tension .
Finally , Bush 's strategy already faces challenges at home .
US actions will spark Iraqi criticism that Maliki is impotent or an American puppet , but those charges have already been made .
Both Sunni Arabs and Kurds already resent al Maliki 's mild reaction to Iran 's recent shelling of Iraqi territory -- an attempt to strike at Iranian Kurdish militants fleeing across its border with Iraq .
After all , we already have many highly trained people to examine subjects , namely physicians .
For example , US support for Mexico 's campaign against the cartels looks set in stone , with Congress apparently ready to provide $ 300 million for another year of military and security upgrading .
The capos can be jailed , killed , or extradited , but their replacements are already wandering around . ''
The Habré case poses no such problems , because Habré is no longer in office and because Chad , where the crimes were committed , and Senegal , where Habré resides , are both ready to see him tried in Belgium .
The Palestinian plan already has resulted in an unprecedented diplomatic frenzy .
Last week , Abbas moved in this direction by declaring that Palestinians would `` still be ready to resume negotiations even after the UN vote . ''
Meanwhile , French troops , with the support of other European Union members -- notably Austria , Belgium , Ireland , Poland , Romania , and Sweden -- are now deployed for putatively humanitarian reasons in the Central African Republic and Chad , where they have already clashed with Sudanese government forces .
The emerging policy consensus toward Sudan is predicated on an approach that has already undermined respect for Western values throughout the non-Western world .
Already , a tremendous price has been paid in lives and treasure for this conflict .
The left offered big concessions and was ready to take high risks for the sake of peace .
As a result of this national consensus -- accepted by Labor , Likud , and Kadima , along with many others -- the next government will most likely be a national unity government consisting of this trio . Its policy guidelines are already clear :
But the route to a greener , lower-carbon future already is being forged in countries from Brazil to Bangladesh , Denmark to Indonesia .
We did not yet have a free state , but we already had something more important than that : a free civil society engaged in discussing the common condition of its members .
Much of this increase is occurring in large cities where discontent was already mounting in response to the government 's palpable failure to provide basic goods and services .
Chaudhry was fired again , a move accompanied this time by a wider shakeup of the already shaken-up judiciary .
The Davis case further complicated Pakistan 's relations with the United States , which were already strained because of the military 's reluctance to move into North Waziristan -- a mini-state within Pakistan from which the Taliban have launched operations in Afghanistan against US forces .
Later , on a visit to Afghanistan , Mullen expressed frustration with the ISI , and it is now clear that he already knew when he met the Pakistanis that an attack on Bin Laden 's compound was imminent .
So far , that friend has been America , but the US could well pull out of Pakistan for the fourth time in the countries ' turbulent relationship -- a threat that several influential figures in the US Congress have already made .
There are plenty of rock bands in China already .
The Czechs and Slovaks already parted ways , as did the different nations of Yugoslavia .
Chamberlain 's belief that Britain was not yet ready for war with Nazi Germany , and that diplomacy and compromise were safer options , was in fact shared by many Europeans , who knew from personal experience the horrible consequences of war .
Long before the arrival of Muslim guest workers in the 1960 's and 1970 's Dutch society was in a sense ` multicultural ' in that it was already organised into Protestant , Catholic , liberal and socialist `` pillars , '' each with its own schools , hospitals , TV stations , papers and political parties .
Even if , by some miracle , Iraq were to evolve into a stable , harmonious , liberal democratic state , the price already paid in -LRB- mostly Iraqi -RRB- blood and -LRB- mostly American -RRB- treasure is already too high to justify the kind of revolutionary military intervention promoted by the neo-cons .
Japan was able to defeat Russia in 1905 only after a Jewish banker in New York , Jacob Schiff , helped Japan by floating bonds . So The Protocols of the Elders of Zion confirmed what the Japanese already suspected ; Jews really did pull the strings of global finance .
Indeed , so proponents of this school often add , China was not yet ready for democracy .
Then , when real change does occur , no one can claim that the people `` are not ready for it . ''
To persist in the belief that reformists and hardliners are just masks of the same enemy , and to take pleasure in the victory of the latter , is not merely cynical , but is an added insult to a people that has already been humiliated enough .
One thing to be learned , if we did n't know this already , is how close racial sensitivities are to the surface of US life , despite the election of a black president .
The refusal of many Muslims to integrate into Western societies , as well as high levels of unemployment and ready access to revolutionary propaganda , can easily explode in acts of violence .
This process was already underway before the fall of the Berlin Wall , with the free-market radicalism of the Thatcher-Reagan era .
And for this he is already being called a `` socialist '' by his enemies .
NEW YORK -- The flags are already flying , from Holland to Argentina , from Cameroon to Japan .
Tensions between the two countries were already high . But then fans of the Honduras team were set upon , and even worse , the Honduran national anthem was insulted , and the country 's white and blue flag defiled .
To judge from the Japanese press , as well as the DPJ 's plunging poll ratings , disillusion has already set in .
Since his subordinate , Radislav Krsti? , was already sentenced for his complicity in the genocide at Srebrenica , Mladi? will presumably be convicted .
But trying him for genocide , even though it will be hard to prove that he ever intended to exterminate Bosnian Muslims as a group , just because they were Muslims , will further muddy the term 's already vague definition .
To insist on it , against the wishes of most European citizens , would smack of precisely the kind of undemocratic paternalism that has turned many Europeans against the EU already .
Wilders , a popular rabble-rouser whose party occupies nine seats in the Dutch parliament , compares the Koran to Hitler 's Mein Kampf , wants to stop Muslims from moving to the Netherlands , and thunders that those who are already in the country should tear up half the Koran if they wish to stay .
His latest provocation is a short film denouncing Islam , which is yet to be shown , but has already caused panic all around .
Automatic aircraft operation is already becoming commonplace -- especially in the military -- but further increases will require a similarly automatic airspace .
But his predecessor Pope Pius XI had already done that , in the Encyclical Mit Brennender Sorge -LRB- `` With Burning Concern '' -RRB- .
Most developing countries were already moving along these four tracks before the global financial crisis , owing largely to improvements in their economic policies during the previous decade .
The urban population , already 70 % and growing rapidly , has begun withdrawing their support from Morales , except in La Paz , El Alto , and Oruro , and in the most unionized sectors .
A presidential order recalling the unionist , police , and army troops is urgently needed to avoid greater tragedy -LRB- there have already been 30 deaths in the last two years -RRB- and create conditions for dialogue and a democratic covenant with regional , civic , and political opposition forces .
The overwhelming majority of countries already outlaw child marriage through domestic legislation or are signatories to international treaties that prohibit it .
Similarly , states where birth rates fell earlier , such as Kerala and Tamil Nadu , are already enjoying shrinking school-age populations , whereas school-age numbers in Bihar will still be rising until around 2025 .
But the majority of children in Kerala and Tamil Nadu are already in school , while in Bihar they are not .
Eventually , however , India has no choice : there are already sporadic riots over water shortage , while water tankers move under armed guard in some cities , and virulent conflicts arise between communities over water-sharing .
Having `` absolved '' Serbia from the principal crime , the ICJ offered a sort of `` consolation prize '' to Bosnia , affirming that the killings in Srebrenica had the character of genocide -- a conclusion already reached by the ICTY .
Moreover , independence would not be accepted by the Serbian public , which has already watched in dismay as `` Great Serbia '' has been gradually whittled away , most recently with the secession of Montenegro .
Many of these pernicious side effects can already be perceived .
But in fact , the discussion was largely meaningless , because the policies that theoretically would have sprung from the electorate favoring one world-view or the other were either unviable or already in place .
Since debates over those policies did not take place , they will have to begin now , and inevitably they will further polarize a society that is already deeply divided .
Here , despite the photo-ops and the hugs and the local cuisine , the American president was simply not ready , willing or able , to give satisfaction to his colleagues , from capital to capital .
Conversely , if Bush can not come up with enough Republican moderates in the US Senate -- they are actually already there , probably &#45; &#45; and in the US House of Representatives , the letdown and resentment in Mexico -LRB- as well as everywhere in Central America , the Caribbean , Peru , Ecuador and Colombia -RRB- will be immense .
Traditionally a Mexican , Central American , and Caribbean matter , it has now reached Brazil , Colombia , Venezuela , Ecuador , and beyond . Every flight from Sao Paulo to Mexico City carries dozens of low-income Brazilians , who have already paid their pollero , or `` people-smuggler , '' to route them on from the Mexican capital to the northern border .
The next US president must reinvigorate a relationship that is ready to be substantially transformed for the first time since Franklin Roosevelt 's Good Neighbor Policy of seven decades ago .
The National Police Force that Mexico 's last three presidents -- Ernesto Zedillo , Vicente Fox and Calderón -- have tried to build is still far from ready to replace the Army in drug-enforcement tasks .
President Daniel Ortega is seeking to remain in office more or less perpetually , and seems ready to perpetrate every type of stratagem , from electoral fraud to dissolving Congress and the judiciary , in order to achieve his aims .
The issue is not a simple one for the Security Council 's two Latin American non-permanent members , Brazil and Colombia , or for Cuba , Nicaragua , Venezuela , Costa Rica , Argentina , Bolivia , Chile , Ecuador , Peru , Uruguay , and Honduras , which have already recognized Palestine , but have not yet voted to grant it `` observer '' status at the UN .
Recent events have made crystal clear what we already knew - that human and animal viruses are not mutually exclusive .
Moreover , in 2006 , 57 % of European citizens declared themselves ready to move abroad for professional reasons .
Among these , young Europeans are the most motivated -LRB- a half-million EU young people are already studying in another country -RRB- .
The EU is ready to play a major role in building a new system of global governance .
The latter , however , should be ready to share the burden with us .
What 's striking about Ortega 's move is that he is ready to risk so much political capital , not only expelling Lewites from the party but canceling his challenger 's permits to hold political rallies and forbidding him to use Sandinista party symbols .
But in an already polarized environment , an Ortega-Bush standoff is nothing more than a self-fulfilling prophecy .
While it 's premature to make definitive predictions , the Lewites and Montealegre rebellions have already done more in eight weeks to change the country 's political landscape than anything else in the last two years .
Despite several weeks of intense US pressure to soften - or even retract - the proposed law , China 's leaders did little more than attempt to reinforce their position that `` non-peaceful '' -LRB- i.e. , military -RRB- measures would serve strictly as a last resort - which had already been assumed anyway .
A visitor in Cuba finds many ready to complain , but the palpable fear and visceral hatred rampant in El Salvador and Chile in the 1980 's is absent in today 's Cuba .
Already , the dollar has created a divide in living standards between those who have greenbacks and those who do n't .
Probably no other state governor has the political clout to win against the tide of activists who regard offering an undocumented immigrant a driver 's license as tantamount to offering them work , which they already have , and legitimacy , which they apparently do n't need to work .
So , a first question for Latin America should be how do the candidates differ on treating the undocumented countrymen already in the US ?
McCain , Clinton and Obama support `` comprehensive reform '' -- code words for the ying and yang of managing anti-immigrant sentiment here : give Americans some promises of secure borders and they 'll swallow giving the undocumented a path to citizenship . -LRB- No one mentions in this bargain , that the United States has already spent billions to secure ouitsr borders and nonetheless some 500,000 illegal immigrants a year continue to come , but that 's another story . -RRB-
A number of Asian countries have already started building mutually beneficial security cooperation on a bilateral basis , thereby laying the groundwork for a potential web of interlocking strategic partnerships .
The problem , however , is that the US war effort is already faltering , with Afghan President Hamid Karzai exploring the possibility of cutting his own deals with the Taliban and other warlords .
In recent years , with its senior operations men captured or killed and bin Laden holed up in Pakistan , the badly splintered Al Qaeda had already lost the ability to mount a major international attack or openly challenge US interests .
NEW DELHI -- China 's announcement that its first aircraft carrier is ready to set sail as early as the end of this month has refocused attention on the country 's naval ambitions .
However , work to refit the carrier had already begun in Dalian , China 's main shipyard .
The first official acknowledgement that China was turning the Varyag into a fully refurbished , deployable aircraft carrier came this month , just when it was almost ready to set sail .
And is n't that what the CIA is doing already ?
Indeed , US intelligence experts believe that Al Qaeda already is badly fragmented and in no position to openly challenge American interests .
Although China 's economic renaissance had already begun under Deng Xiaoping , the Chinese Communist Party , after 1989 , was able publicly to subordinate ideology to wealth creation .
How elusive the peace dividend remains can be seen from the government 's decision to press ahead with the expansion of an already-large military .
Systematic cyber attacks constitute a new frontier of asymmetrical warfare at a time when the world already confronts other unconventional threats , including transnational terrorism .
With economic growth slowing to a record 50-year low during his tenure , Chen Shui-bian is seeking ways to divert public attention by assuming the role of a daring leader ready to defend Taiwan 's sovereignty .
The loss of biodiversity has already closed promising new avenues of medical research .
Brain-machine interfaces are already clinically well established -- for example , in restoring hearing through cochlear implants .
Nevertheless , the availability of such technologies has already begun to cause friction .
None of these tasks is possible without supplementing the funding already provided by developing countries .
Already , issues like climate change and energy supply demonstrate the futility of isolated national action and the critical importance of both deepening and enlarging the EU .
By 1904 , Japan had already fought a one-sided , eight-month campaign against China .
Of course , NATO can not safeguard democracy alone and it is no panacea for our many social and political illnesses ; yet it can act -LRB- and has already done so during the process of admission -RRB- as an incentive for governments and parties to behave responsibly and to abide by the rule of law .
Romania 's politicians appear to be equally indifferent ; they have wasted the last ten years in endless fights , while our postcommunist neighbors reinvented their societies and made themselves ready for membership in the EU .
Iraq is already one of the largest recipients of US assistance ever .
But France 's efforts to shore up solidarity by insisting on laïcité and erecting a dam against Muslim immigrants are both ineffective and counter-productive , because they exclude from a sense of fully belonging to the nation many people who are actually in France already .
Hardly a week goes by without some addition to the already long list of European-American gripes and irritants .
To some extent it is practiced already both in Afghanistan and in the Balkans .
The danger of such developments is that they strengthen an already strong trend towards a new authoritarianism .
In this way , more Portugals and Irelands can be created as the wealth of already prosperous regions is sustained .
Decision-making is already difficult in an EU with 15 members .
Or , as the British government insists , will it merely be a declaratory document that only describes rights already existing under national legislation in the member states .
Britain has already reduced its forces in southern Iraq , and is on course to reduce them still further as they hand over `` security '' to the Iraqi police and military .
Already , the Greeks and the other countries subject to special measures have been shut out of the wholesale markets , and are reliant almost entirely on the European Central Bank .
The London markets have waited 18 long years already for the Bank of England to appear on their screens , and I suspect their wait will continue for some time yet .
The banking system is probably already past saving -- many institutions simply are n't banks anymore , but vast experiments that did n't work out as predicted .
Second , clarity is essential on the extent to which major developing countries can undertake nationally appropriate mitigation actions beyond what they are already doing .
A number of developing countries , such as China , India , Brazil , and South Africa , have already developed national climate change or energy strategies that indicate the extent to which they feel that they are able , given their economic constraints , to address the issue .
For example , industrialized countries have suggested auctioning emission rights and using part of the revenue for international cooperation -- something that Germany is already doing .
The group 's other members -- led by China and Kazakhstan -- want to strengthen their already robust levels of economic cooperation with the West .
Now that US President Barack Obama has taken the decision to do so , the EU stands ready to provide political and practical support to the United States to help achieve that goal .
That is why EU member states have already received their own nationals and former residents from Guantánamo .
If governments that have already tapped-out their debt-bearing capacity now issued more debt or money or guarantees , they would deal a mortal blow to confidence .
I already wonder what their excuses will be .
The answer was no : granting explicit power would undermine confidence in price stability , for already there was `` difficulty restrain -LRB- ing -RRB- over-issue , depreciation , and fraud . '' Indeed , granting explicit lender-of-last-resort powers to the Bank of England would mean that the `` millennium of the paper-mongers would be at hand . ''
The fact that so much of the risk from a decline in the dollar falls on those investing in America means that the capital inflow has already gone on much longer than any fundamentals-watching economist -- including me -- would have believed possible .
But the Maastricht Treaty 's Stability and Growth Pact limits fiscal deficits to 3 % of GDP - a ceiling that Germany is already hitting .
Democrats , for their part , pretended that the tax cuts had already harmed the economy , when they ought to know that the greatest damage is still to come .
The effort to maintain the dollar-renminbi exchange rate at a level approved by China 's State Council has already led to an enormous increase in the Chinese economy 's financial liquidity .
By contrast , a world in which the dollar has already fallen is one that may see economic turmoil , but not an economic crisis .
If the dollar has already fallen -- if nobody expects it to fall much more -- then there is no reason to compensate global savers and investors for holding US assets .
Remember : we already had another 40 % decline in 2000-2003 , and are in another one right now .
Finally , central banks still stand ready to intervene to prevent bank runs .
The administration 's tacticians appear to think that they are not on board -- especially after the recent AIG bonus scandal -- whereas the Geithner Plan relies on authority that the administration already has .
He has already guided the Fed through two very tumultuous years with only one major mistake -- the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers .
Some countries -- China , for example -- did , indeed , implement such job-creation policies a year ago and are already seeing the benefits .
After all , Mao 's Cultural Revolution against `` feudal society '' did raze much of the cultural landscape , denuding it not only of traditional values and institutions , but also of failed socialist efforts , leaving China ready for the seeds of capitalist development .
There were many reasons for this , but foremost among them was that China had already amassed more than $ 100 billion in reserves , and refused to revalue its currency , when the crisis hit .
Deng judged the mood of the nation shrewdly : the people were ready to be told that `` to get rich is glorious . ''
While all leaders -- including North Korea 's Kim Jong Il -- remain committed to denuclearization in public , none appears ready to risk much in terms of domestic politics to achieve that end .
The Korean Peninsula will most likely achieve `` complete , verifiable , and irreversible denuclearization '' only when North Korea is already moving in the direction of economic growth and integration .
Of course , some of the big-ticket items in an economic engagement policy will remain contingent on progress in security arrangements and peninsular denuclearization . But North Korea and the international community can already take some substantive steps .
Kim apparently reiterated his government 's willingness to return to the talks , but the question is what kind of assurances he was able to give Hu in order to persuade a wary US and hostile South Korea that he is really ready to deal .
Developing skills and qualifications is all the more vital to establishing a more peaceful and prosperous future in areas already riven by conflict .
Turkey must work hard to get ready .
Several countries have already announced measures , but there is a need to evaluate what they all amount to in reality .
As Americans debate their readiness to accept a woman such as Hillary Clinton as president , India has already done so , with the election of Pratibha Patil .
Offers of help poured in . Everyone asked : will the world be ready next time ?
Big construction firms and technology companies such as Microsoft , IBM , and Cisco Systems already have huge campuses in India .
By supporting further consolidation of large-scale monocultures in the hands of the most powerful economic actors , we risk widening further the gap with small-scale , family farming , while pushing a model of industrial farming that is already responsible for one-third of man-made greenhouse-gas emissions today .
Handing over any local power before those leaders are ready to use it would be an error , with potentially disastrous consequences .
Already in the 1980 's and 1990 's , Europe had launched the `` Barcelona Process '' to promote democracy , security and development in the region .
The 2004 elections for the European Parliament had already shown that the level of discontent with the Union was high .
As already proposed by the Convention , this would mean separating constitutional matters per se from Union policy .
She was examining the papers of Thomas Parran , US surgeon-general from 1936-1948 , when the Tuskegee research was already in full swing . So , too , she found , was the previously unknown Guatemalan experiment .
Second , the sparsely staffed clinical teams were already facing measles and cholera epidemics as well .
But a clear majority of Serbs are already convinced of this .
The good news is that Milo¨evic 's support for Se¨elj damaged the already weak Socialist Party , which is unlikely to recover soon .
Estimates suggest that cleaning up the banking system would eat up some 25 % of GDP in extra public debt -LRB- about $ 40 billion -RRB- , over and above the 60 % already in place .
Turkey is already formidably divided , so look for a strong man to ride in , probably on a tank .
Japan 's budget needs to shift to debt reduction by some 10 % of GDP -- and that in an economy already in recession !
If America and its stock market go down , Europe 's downturn will become a recession and Japan , already stuck in a mild recession , will plunge into a deeper downturn carrying vast financial risks .
Gallup poll taken before the attacks , and addressed to investors , optimism hit a near 5-year low ; few believe a recovery is already underway .
Lula and his party are so far outside the mainstream of economic thought and policy that capital has already begun fleeing -- even though the election is months away .
Indeed , the consequences of the fall-off in ODA are already dramatic ; the number of people going hungry and in extreme poverty is now far greater than before , and the same is true of the unemployed , those who work in vulnerable jobs , or earn less than $ 1.25 a day .
As a rising , rapidly modernizing power , China -- already a permanent member of the UN Security Council -- is now on the verge of coveted G8 membership and a powerful role in the World Trade Organization .
Three years ago , Fox wanted the `` whole enchilada '' : a temporary workers accord , more Green Cards to allow Mexicans to work in the US , legalization of immigrants already in the US , development funds for Mexican communities that send immigrants to the US , and a bilateral approach to managing the problem .
In the face of a public health system that seemed incapable of diagnosing and treating the outbreak quickly , the government felt it had little choice but to shut down Mexico City , dealing a severe blow to an already crippled economy .
Even before the Georgia crisis , Russia already saw a need to revisit the mechanisms of European security , including its international and regional institutions and their functions .
Already we can name three `` growth factors '' that will help the new security system to mature -- the development of the European Security and Defense Policy , the transformation of NATO , and Russia 's return to its rightful position on the world stage .
Heartier crop varieties are helping farmers to weather tough conditions . New drought-tolerant maize varieties , for example , are already benefiting more than two million smallholder farmers in Africa .
With its loans to Hungary and Latvia , the European Commission has already revived a credit facility which was dormant since the European Monetary System crisis in 1992 -- and for countries outside EMU .
Alternatively , the EU could create a special facility through which it borrows money in the bond market to help the member in trouble -- an arrangement similar to the bonds that the European Commission has already issued for the emergency facility from which Hungary and Latvia have been borrowing .
Mexico 's so-called `` Silicon Valley South '' companies in Guadalajara have , by their own estimates , already lost more than $ 500 million worth of projects and approximately 20,000 jobs to Asia , especially to China , and this trend will continue in the short term .
Indeed , for practically all of Latin America 's countries , China is one of the ten main trade partners -- and already in second place in several -- with rates of growth well above total trade .
In the United States , people are already rating their own doctors at sites such as RateMDs.com and vitals.com ; third-party doctor and hospital ratings are available at HealthGrades.com .
Was Mr. Smith 42 or already 43 ?
Elsewhere in the world , the same trends are already more developed .
To some extent , it 's already working -- by spreading . Local efforts may succeed or fail based on the talents of local implementers .
Indeed , China 's rulers have already stated that the new exchange-rate system will aim at maintaining currency stability .
Not against the euro , which is already expensive and is the currency of an economy with banking and structural problems that are even more serious than those of the US .
Its fiscal policies were already out of control when it joined the monetary union in 2001 , and its trade unions were agitating to push wages up to European levels , despite lagging productivity .
Already there is a sense that the IMF is reluctant to tell Europe more forcefully how to handle its problem with Greece because the managing director must be careful to avoid meddling in Europe 's internal politics .
But they also understand that they already have too many chips in the pot to fold .
Interest rates in many countries are already near zero .
Others strongly disagree , noting the continued low level of interest rates , and that even under the previous government 's plan , net borrowing costs were already scheduled to fall by nearly two-thirds between 2010-11 and 2014-15 .
It is almost as if governments like Britain 's are attempting to manipulate the private sector into believing that the dire conditions required for an expansionary fiscal consolidation have already been met .
Inflation there is already too high for comfort .
Fortunately , the Chinese government has a ready solution to this problem : that 's right , it can let its currency appreciate .
So , if internal devaluation is to work , the value of debts , where they already represent a heavy burden , must be reduced .
In countries like Italy , already suffering from Chinese competition , and Spain , which is experiencing a massive housing bust , the pain will be excruciating .
One already sees a shift in public opinion toward euro adoption in Denmark and Sweden .
Indeed , there are already signs of countries not even in the European Union , notably Iceland and Switzerland , contemplating accession as a step toward adopting the euro and resolving their financial dilemma .
Rather than piling more loans onto the country 's already unsustainable debt burden , the EU should offer a multi-year program of foreign aid .
But , already before the recent debt-ceiling imbroglio , the dollar had begun to lose its luster .
In Greece itself , political and social stability are already tenuous .
The Fund could stand ready to buy and sell SDR claims to all comers , private as well as official , at narrow bid\/ask spreads competitive with those for dollars .
The other , already being pushed by former and current US officials like Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , will blame the immense pool of liquidity generated by high-savings countries in East Asia and the Middle East .
The US federal deficit is an alarming 12 % of GDP , and public debt as a share of national income is already projected to double , to 80 % of GDP .
Disappointment over the effects of the TARP has already destroyed popular -- and Congressional -- support for more public money to recapitalize the banks .
The problem is that China has already done a lot to stimulate domestic demand , both through government spending and by directing its banks to lend .
The differences between member states were already large a decade ago .
In any case , support for the euro , already fragile , will erode further , weakening the common currency and fueling even greater tensions .
Already , the European Commission has stated that various European governments ' forecasts for GDP growth , put forward in their plans for budget austerity in the coming years , are overly optimistic .
Too much time has been wasted already .
Without rapid growth , there is no way to reverse persistently high and increasingly structural -LRB- and therefore protracted -RRB- unemployment ; safely de-leverage over-indebted balance sheets ; and prevent already-disturbing income and wealth inequalities from growing worse .
The longer the policymaking impasse persists , the greater the stall-speed risk for an economy that already has an unemployment crisis , a large budget deficit , many underwater mortgages , and policy interest rates floored at zero .
In the process , the risk of recession remains uncomfortably high , the unemployment crisis deepens , and inequities rise as already-stretched social safety nets prove even more porous .
The issue is the scope and composition of unemployment in America -- a problem that is yet to be sufficiently recognized for its increasingly detrimental impact on the country 's social fabric , its economic potential , and its already-fragile fiscal position and debt dynamics .
For others , like the US , future sacrifices are already required , most likely through a combination of higher inflation , austerity , and `` financial repression , '' as governments seek to impose on savers negative real rates of return .
Creditors would then ask many more questions before adding to their already-considerable holdings of US government debt , generating still more headwinds in a US economy that already faces an unemployment crisis and uneven growth .
The ECB has already purchased almost a ¤ 100 billion of peripheral government bonds , and it is committed to buying a lot more .
In the world of old , the West 's economic malaise already would have pulled the rug from beneath most emerging-market countries .
European opponents of a MAP for Ukraine and Georgia argue that neither country is ready for NATO membership .
If you look at the new map of Europe , it is obvious where the focus must be : Northwest Russia already shares borders with both the EU and NATO -LRB- a fact often missed by those who argue against `` expanding NATO right up to the borders of Russia '' -RRB- .
Governments and think-tanks in the region are already pointing the way ahead .
I remember when this phrase was last used : in 1991 , when the chairman of the European Council of Ministers visited what was still Yugoslavia and eagerly accepted the empty promises of Slobodan Milosevic and his clique that they were ready to accept European pleas for a peaceful resolution to the conflicts there .
Indeed , in a time of austerity , US politicians might find it difficult to understand Europe 's willingness to cut defense budgets that already total far less than NATO 's official 2 % - of-GDP target .
They were only exposing the lack of unity that already existed .
For Americans , 1989 validated everything they already believed .
Financial sanctions , direct and indirect , already are biting -- including on the Revolutionary Guard and its significant economic interests -- but have been tolerable in the context of asserting Iran 's `` right to enrich '' under the NPT .
In January 2010 , despite strict `` administrative control '' of financial credit lines -LRB- the PBC actually imposed credit ceilings on commercial banks -RRB- , bank lending grew at an annual rate of 29 % , on top of already strong expansion in the same period a year earlier .
The most important thing for `` ironing out cycles '' is not the stimulus policy implemented after a crash has already occurred , but to be proactive in boom times and stop bubbles in their early stages .
Some experiments in this regard have already taken place in cities such as Chongqing and Chengdu .
But , after long debate and hesitation , it is clear that policymakers seem ready to move into the next phase of urbanization by adopting new approaches .
Is the West ready ?
None of these institutions in the West is ready for Asia 's re-emergence .
The good news is that we already know many of the policies and technologies that can deliver substantial savings in energy consumption and CO2 emissions .
Despite the bad rap they 've gotten , the GM crops in use today have already contributed to meeting both challenges .
As a result , one-third of all American homeowners with mortgages are already `` underwater '' -- their mortgage debt exceeds the value of the house .
And how could that cost be financed if the proposed taxes on existing health policies and the reductions in Medicare outlays have already been used ?
Greece 's unemployment rate already is 10 % , and its GDP is already expected to fall at an annual rate of more than 4 % , pushing joblessness even higher .
Higher deficits , moreover , would cause the ratio of debt to GDP to rise from its already high level , which implies greater debt-service costs and , therefore , even larger deficits .
So that is where the US is now : in the middle of a financial crisis , with the economy sliding into recession , monetary policy already at maximum easing , and fiscal transfers impotent .
Together , they have already cost more than America 's long war in Vietnam , but they have not increased public vigilance or political accountability at home .
Such an agreement makes sense because more than 50 % of Moldova 's trade is already with the EU , while roughly 70 % of Moldova 's citizens and virtually all of its political parties support European integration .
We are already working on implementing all the necessary technical conditions .
Clearly , the US is also pressing ahead with preparations for an air strike . -LRB- A more extensive military commitment is scarcely possible , given how overstretched US ground forces already are . -RRB-
British Prime Minister Tony Blair has already adapted to the US administration 's new confrontational rhetoric .
The EU must make it clear that it is ready to support Serbia -- and the region as a whole -- in realizing its European aspirations .
The following consequences are already foreseeable :
Steadily rising prices of raw materials , agricultural products , and energy already reflect fears about future shortages .
Rising energy prices already point in this direction , but this knowledge has yet to register .
The Palestinians are already in the midst of a civil war . The compromises necessary for peace are likely to lead to a stark political confrontation in Israel as well .
It will , of course , be important who wins the presidency : a candidate expected to continue Bush 's foreign policy or someone ready for a new beginning .
Indeed , the outlines of this new nuclear age are already visible :
Thus , negotiations on European financial transfers , the core of European solidarity , will be much tougher in the future than they were in the past -LRB- when they were already difficult enough -RRB- .
In Morocco , for instance , investment from the Arab oil countries has already significantly reduced Europe 's importance .
Apart from those countries that are threatened -- partly or completely -- by rising sea levels , global warming will primarily affect the desert belts and their already precarious water supplies .
Rapid population growth , a dramatic increase in water consumption due to industrial , agricultural , and tourism growth , and rising standards of living will make the water issue even more important to the region 's political stability than it is already .
An instrument for it already exists : the new Union for the Mediterranean .
Sarkozy already took on this role in the Georgia crisis ; now he has reinforced it .
The Northeastern Pacific powers -- China , Japan , and South Korea -- are already America 's most significant creditors by far , and their importance will increase further as a result of the financial crisis .
This year will afford us ample opportunity to examine the black swans that are already among us , and to prepare for the arrival of even more .
While a distraught world is still trying to fathom the consequences of this global crash and to mitigate its impact , the call of the next black swan can already be heard : the global climate disaster .
And we refuse to learn the lesson of the black swan even when the next one is already visible for all to see !
The solutions to the climate crisis are already well known , the money is available , and so are the technologies , or where they are n't , they could be developed .
Where this will lead the world can be seen even today : China already has the world 's most ambitious scheme for expanding nuclear energy , and every year it builds coal-fired power plants whose electricity output is roughly equivalent to the capacity of the entire British power grid !
So the black swan of the climate crisis is already preparing to land .
After this terrible crime , countries -- including in the Arab world -- were ready to embrace far-reaching steps .
By that point , Ukraine 's springtime of freedom had already deteriorated into a very visible development standstill , owing to a mixture of incompetence and corruption that cried out for change .
One thing , however , is already clear : the era when this vast region slept while others modernized has ended .
We already know this .
Other crisis countries in the eurozone have not been stabilized , because Germany -- fearing a domestic political backlash -- has not dared to embrace a community of liability by issuing Eurobonds , even if the European Financial Stability Facility 's new role means that virtually 90 % of the path has already been traveled .
BERLIN -- Regardless of whether democratization in the `` new Middle East '' succeeds or authoritarian forms of government prevail once again , one fundamental change has already become clear : no one will be able to govern without taking into account domestic public opinion .
A viable Israeli answer to the dramatic changes in the region -- and to their already foreseeable consequences -- can only take the form of a serious offer of negotiations to Mahmoud Abbas 's Palestinian government , with the objective of signing a comprehensive peace treaty .
The eurozone needs a government , which , as things stand at the moment , can consist only of the respective heads of state and government -- a development that has already started .
The European Union and other developed countries are already intent on tackling the problem of global food security , and could easily tailor their own schemes to become part of this wider program .
Such programs already add up to significant spending -- the current EDF , which runs from 2007-2013 , has set aside more than ¤ 1 billion to support agriculture , rural development , and food security in Africa alone .
Europe has already tried incentives for withdrawal , but that alone will not suffice ; the cost of occupation must also be raised .
By this point , Phelps had already acquired an international reputation through his work on the golden rule of capital accumulation -LRB- he was 28 -RRB- .
Of course , such a `` government '' already exists in the form of the European Central Bank .
The ecological disasters that today 's economic activity has already produced and the catastrophic potential of those to come have at last brought home the fact that energy policy and environmental protection can not be separated .
If the central bank of the country that printed its `` strong currency '' -LRB- Germany -RRB- had been willing to provide unlimited support to a `` weak currency , '' things would have been sorted out . Germany 's Bundesbank , it was suggested , would stand ready to buy `` unlimited quantities '' of lire or francs , so no one would dare to short either currency .
The problem of disproportionate force has different contours on the battlefield , when soldiers are already at war .
But Iraq has already degenerated into so many rival factions that apart from the abused prisoners , there is no identifiable entity America has wronged and to whom it is indebted .
The international community 's rejection of conspiracy charges is correct , I believe , because international criminal proceedings are oriented to post hoc justice -- to judging those who are alleged to have already brought about massacres and other major crimes that concern the international community .
Agreements about how to make things better already frequently include NGOs and corporations in various capacities -- and sometimes exclude governments altogether .
In fact , continued isolationism would force Iran to reinvent nuclear technologies already invented by others , no doubt with poor results .
Indeed , the first signs of new growth in SWF foreign investments could already be seen towards the end of 2009 .
The fit would be particularly good in those countries where the Bank is already lending money .
Providing further fiscal stimulus to boost economic growth would carry its own risks , owing to the debt ceiling and another , more ominous factor : America is already overly indebted , and there are signs that major holders of US government securities are finally tired of being repaid in depreciated currency .
In Afghanistan , where withdrawal dates have already been set , it is difficult to believe that a cohesive unified state can be established .
We now aspire to becoming the most significant health and life science research center in Europe , owing to a remarkable cluster of knowledge based 5,000 researchers , an excellent medical school , 11 university hospitals , and a thriving biotech business environment that already includes market leaders in diabetes and neuroscience .
Since coming to power , the current Ahmedinejad regime has awarded IRGC-affiliated companies billions in no-bid contracts , increasing the already great perception among the Iranian public of its corruption .
Compulsory student participation would not only improve Wikipedia 's already impressive collective knowledge base , but also might help curb the elitist pretensions of researchers in the global knowledge system .
Obviously , Myanmar 's new government does not want to aggravate sentiment in its already-unstable border areas , where rebel groups were using the dam project to rally new supporters .
Russia 's government is now doing its best to prove that , while difficult , it is possible to defy the laws of business physics and kill investments that are already in the pipeline .
When only one company faced legal and financial problems , investors who had made a decision to put their money in Russia were ready to ignore this kind of development .
New drugs are often tested against placebos or drugs that are not the best treatment available , the point being to demonstrate that the new drug is not inferior to any already on the market .
But it is ethically questionable to test a drug for `` non-inferiority , '' because patients are exposed to potential risks while contributing , in the best case , to the development of a drug that is no better than those already available .
As a result , penguins and albatrosses already experience difficulty rearing their offspring in areas such as South Georgia .
The problem is already evident .
Indeed , militant Islamists , hoping to recover from the devastating blows they have absorbed since the war on terror began , are already positioning themselves to capitalize on the coming war with Iraq .
The Kuwaitis , along with the region 's other royal states -- Bahrain , Qatar , Oman , and the UAE -- may be the best bet to pursue a liberal approach , given the already tolerant nature of their kings and emirs .
While the result in terms of net public debt is neutral , reducing net foreign debt in the public sector -- which already is less than Brazil 's international reserves -- and increasing domestic debt is not good business in terms of the cost of the official debt .
Putin has already decided to create an operational center of 13 groups in the Northern Caucasus region to coordinate the actions of the Defense and Emergencies Ministries .
But neither Russia 's president nor its power ministries seem ready for this .
But , in a way , the Russian soldiers there are already hostages -- not least to the Kremlin 's bankrupt foreign policy .
Despite the intifada , the number of settlers has decreased in only a few of the 144 settlements , and there are over 7,000 settlers in the Gaza Strip alone , in 16 communities occupying 20 % of an impoverished land already suffering one of the highest population densities in the world .
If Bachelet , who has already served as Minister of Health and Minister of Defense , is to succeed as president , she must transform this other Chile , where 18 % of the population is poor , and 5 % indigent .
Unfortunately , governments now focus only on one aspect of this investment format , in which technology that is almost ready is funded .
Changing our approach to research in this way might seem more difficult than using what we already have .
`` Bird flu '' has already shown that it can jump from fowl to humans , and now even to cats , which indicates that it might be the next global killer .
Finally , parasites , simple animals that infect us , are already classified as pandemics .
But , while a runaway climate remains a risk , runaway politics are already a fact .
Are you ready to say , `` Okay , kids , I inherited this house , but I neglected to maintain it , so you will have to worry that the roof might collapse at any time '' ?
Already , French President Jacques Chirac has promised to veto any Security Council resolution on reconstruction that seeks to justify the war .
As it happens , Putin is now entrenching the already dominant United Russia party by his decision to head the party 's candidate list in December 's parliamentary election .
A `` special purpose vehicle '' -LRB- SPV -RRB- has been established in Luxembourg , and can already count on hundreds of billions of euros in guarantees from member states .
Many countries -LRB- including Germany -RRB- already follow this `` double-headed '' approach .
But if the exit looks comfortably large , the public will be much more likely to remain calm , even if parts of the room are already filling with smoke .
Because data for the euro area will become available only much later , it is not yet possible to determine whether prices have already turned on the Continent as well .
Doubts in financial markets lead to higher risk premia , which make it even more difficult to finance a government that is already facing financial problems .
His expulsion from the 1982 World Cup for illegal drug use placed him , in the public 's mind , on the path to tragedy , but the long cord of death , already tugging at him , had put him there years before .
If myths could come true through sheer willpower , Cristina Kirchner , the wife of Argentine President Néstor Kircher , would already be a 21st-century Evita Perón .
If Cristina wants to improve institutional quality and the problems that the economy is already showing , she will need more than strength . Above all , she will need fresh sources of ideas .
According to unofficial figures , subsidies already represent 5 % of GDP , and only painful adjustments can reduce them .
But prices are already rising at a 20 % annual pace , which , if unchecked , will lead to conflict with the powerful Peronist unions .
North-South flows are already extremely low , with the southern and eastern Mediterranean countries receiving only 3 % of global foreign direct investment .
Indeed , even much of the Islamist political movement in Turkey has already made its choice in favor of democracy and universal human rights .
In the meantime , several regional monetary unions are on the drawing board , in addition to the two monetary unions that already exist , one de jure and the other de facto .
This is already taking place in the trade realm .
Imagine how the world would react if some government were known to be planning to use or transfer a nuclear device or had already done so .
What is more , democracy is irrelevant to those who are already committed terrorists .
Existing terrorists need to be stopped before they act ; failing that , societies need to protect themselves and have ready the means of reducing the consequences of successful attacks .
It is to be hoped that it will not be overshadowed by calls in Congress for Japan to apologize more formally than it already has for the comfort women .
But for diplomats and historians , understanding the concept of ripeness is central to their jobs : it refers to how ready a negotiation or conflict is to be resolved .
The risk is that doing so would make an already unstable and conflict-prone Middle East even more so .
Iran is already one of the Middle East 's most powerful countries .
World trade is already down sharply as a result of the economic crisis ; introducing new tariffs would inevitably reduce trade further , causing the loss of additional jobs and leading to new frictions .
Beyond this , international forces must secure and eliminate all weapons of mass destruction ; prevent ethnic and religious tensions from erupting into violence ; ensure that none of Iraq 's neighbors exacerbates an already volatile situation .
Quick or easy Senate approval of the New START arms-control treaty is highly unlikely , given stated concerns about verification and the protection of US missile-defense programs ; instead , we can expect delays and , possibly , attempts to amend what the two governments already agreed upon .
Pressure was already growing to introduce trade sanctions in response to China 's refusal to allow its currency to rise to a natural level against the dollar .
We are already beginning to see signs of this in Egypt and will see more in the days and weeks to come .
As long as the Middle East remains a place where freedom does not flourish , it will remain a place of stagnation , resentment , and violence ready for export . ''
Hujin has already injected $ 60 billion of China 's foreign-exchange reserves into the Bank of China , the China Construction Bank , and the Industrial and Commercial Bank .
The article reviewed examples of how foreign investors have lost money in the US market and concluded , `` The outbreak of the latest crisis shows that the neo-conservative revolution launched in the 1980 's has already come to an end . ''
If we merely add new institutions to EU countries ' already Byzantine arrangements , we will fail to address the effectiveness , flexibility , and smoothness of information transfer through the EU-level supervisory system .
Reports of Vlad 's cruel method - by no means unusual at the time - were already in circulation during his lifetime , and Corvinus probably gave his brutality a particularly bloodthirsty spin .
We were already certain then that if democracy is emptied of values and reduced to a competition of political parties that have `` guaranteed '' solutions to everything , it can be quite undemocratic .
The Czech experience shows that implementing all of the European Union 's norms so as to be ready to qualify for membership takes some time .
NATO membership carries obligations , because situations may arise -- and we have already experienced them -- when NATO follows a United Nations appeal and conducts an out-of-area military intervention where , for example , genocide is being committed .
The time has come for us to repay that debt by helping those in Cuba , whose dreams have already been deferred for too long .
The United Nations and the European Union should be ready to reject conclusively the result of the referendum and strengthen sanctions against the regime .
He offered no pledge to cut emissions in the United States , and , with vote-sapping battles already underway over health-care reform , one wonders how much time and energy Obama will have for environmental imperatives .
Many North Koreans are already malnourished , their body weight and height substantially lower than that of South Koreans .
These campaigns , encouraged by Palestinian groups and non-governmental organizations , have been accompanied by individual acts of professional ostracism , and an informal boycott of Israeli scholars , publications , and cultural projects already exists in some European circles .
Today , several hundred hydrogen-powered prototype cars , buses , vans and minivans , a motorcycle or two , a few scooters , utility vehicles -LRB- including a slew of forklift trucks -RRB- , and even a couple of farm tractors are already operating .
Honda showed a prototype fuel cell car assembly line last year ; Daimler already launched one this year ; Hyundai\/Kia plans to have one by 2012 , and Toyota , probably the biggest player , by 2015 , with small outputs initially , by the thousands later , and increasing steeply after that .
Cluster seeds are already underway in the Los Angeles and New York metropolitan areas and , very significantly , in Japan .
Mladic and Karadzic had already been indicted as war criminals by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia .
The problem is that the US is dealing with states that are already weak and tenuously in control .
Year after year - -LRB- 2003 includinged 2003 , when the proliferation controversy was already red-hot - -RRB- Islamabad was festooned with colorful banners advertising workshops on `` Vibrations In Rapidly Rotating Machinery '' and `` Advanced Materials , '' sponsored by the Dr. A. Q. Khan Research Laboratories -LRB- also known as the Kahuta Research Laboratories -RRB- .
The rats have it good ; the one I accidentally stepped upon was already fat .
This partnership of more than 100 institutions in over 50 countries has already conserved 10 % of the world 's wild plant species , and is working towards conserving 25 % , focusing on those that are rare , endangered , and useful .
The United Kingdom has already committed itself to a binding target to reduce emissions by that amount , and President Barack Obama has expressed intention that the United States should also set that target .
Already , we are expecting the tough conditions of the IMF 's reform program to be extended from five years to six .
China 's leaders are already eager to rein in energy - and pollution-intensive industry for reasons of national security , air and water quality , and simple economic efficiency .
The current crisis is already unwinding some of the imbalances that drive both countries ' energy and environment challenges .
The enthusiasm is obvious , and the campaign is already under way and highly spirited .
Members of the Saudi royal family are not entering the race , as they already enjoy ultimate political power .
Nearly all countries neighboring Saudi Arabia already practice one form of electoral participation or another , although most of these nods toward democracy are defective in some way .
Even with the most robust types of research -- for example , randomized clinical trials -- one of four of these results had already been found to be wrong or potentially exaggerated within a few years after publication .
Since that period the amount of capital ready to exploit any opportunity in foreign exchange markets has multiplied , which would make any comparable situation today much more dangerous .
Iraq 's government is demanding a withdrawal timetable from the US , not because it believes that Iraqi forces will be ready to take over soon , but to burnish its nationalist credentials ahead of next year 's parliamentary elections .
The impact of this American misstep has already been felt , emboldening Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on his provocative visit to Lebanon , which included a public appearance on Hezbollah-controlled territory near Israel 's northern border .
The Bush administration insisted that Iraq achieve various `` milestones '' -- elections for which the country was not ready and completing a constitution in six weeks , to name two -- simply to create the appearance of substantive achievements ahead of the 2004 presidential election or the 2006 mid-term elections .
In a continent where anti-Americanism remains both very popular and an effective way to consolidate national cohesion and political power , Chávez 's attacks found a ready audience .
And , as if this good news were not enough , Brazil 's giant state oil company , Petrobrás , is already at work developing two huge deep-water oil fields discovered in the sea off the coast of Rio de Janeiro .
The globalization of markets is acting as a powerful economic regulator of economies , but it is also destabilizing the world 's weakest zones . If the Maghreb countries fragment further into mutually hostile , protectionist entities , the only possible outcome is economic growth that is too slow to meet their populations ' expectations -- already raised by the mounting contrasts in living standards north and south of the Mediterranean .
Indeed , the region 's population explosion and rapid urbanization , along with the accelerating pace of tourism development , already means water scarcity is holding back growth .
Already , Chinese officials ' ham-handed response to the award has undercut their cherished -- and lavishly financed -- mission to project China 's `` soft power '' around the globe .
The few African countries that already have such institutions in place -- among them South Africa , Kenya , Nigeria , Ghana , Zambia , and Senegal -- are clearly moving in the right direction .
First , there had already been a substantial flow of workers before enlargement .
The recent era of global finance -- maybe we can already possibly speak of it as being past -- differed from the financial surge of a century ago .
Franklin Roosevelt was already taking vigorous action against the depression , and was trying to reorder the failed US banking system .
The alibis for failure are also already prepared .
Frustration with the complexities of trying to provide ready fixes leads to attempts to find even more radical solutions .
United States Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner has already accused China of currency manipulation .
The most obvious answer is that the shift to a service economy -- already well under way by the beginning of the new millennium -- will become more complete .
There was already much discussion about reviving 1930 's - style regulation of banks before Obama 's dramatic and combative announcement on January 21 .
The political maneuvering has already started , with the unpopular incumbent prime minister , Gordon Brown , today 's equivalent of Heath , bidding for the Liberal Democrats ' support by promising a constitutional reform that would give the party major advantages .
Only one German bank , the notoriously mismanaged Hypo Real Estate , which had already required massive state help , failed .
After all , the real lesson of the 1980 's is that exerting massive pressure for exchange-rate adjustment and looser monetary and fiscal policy wo n't work -- especially since China now , like Japan then , is already running substantial budget deficits .
Great Britain in 1931 already grasped this logic .
Inflation fear was already present before the new challenges of 2011 raised questions about long-term energy prices .
Without the preconditions that made the Brady Plan work , simply transplanting a debt write-off would only augment uncertainty and fuel the political revulsion that already threatens to undermine European integration .
It would be kept stable by the institutions that already exist today , the European Central Bank and those national central banks that have no new alternative .
China can already see considerable problems in the medium term .
Indeed , millions of deaths in impoverished nations are avoidable with prevention and treatment options that the rich world already uses .
Customs officials all over the world and fighters of organized crime have a new battle -- this time for the environment -- on their already busy hands .
In contrast to last year , when the rush home for the lunar New Year celebration was hampered by freak storms , this year millions of migrant workers have already returned to their rural homes .
If people start to think this way , Portugal , whose already high and growing debt is held largely by non-residents , becomes a candidate for default as well .
Unfortunately , there is no sign yet that the Democratic leadership is ready for a mature conversation about fiscal consolidation , either .
In other words , the big winners from `` financial innovation '' of all kinds over the past three decades have not been the poor -LRB- or even the middle class -RRB- , but the rich -- people already highly paid .
If all goes well , these hedge funds -- and of course the banks that are already undoubtedly Too Big to Fail -LRB- TBTF -RRB- -- get a great deal of upside .
The hard work of building facilities for enriching uranium is precisely what the Iranians are now already doing , if not yet in sufficient quantity to make a bomb , which might take them five or ten more years to acquire .
A liberal , by contrast , is someone ready to alter the established order in pursuit of a vision of a better world .
Several projects , including some in the energy sector , have been prepared or are under preparation , and four have already been approved for financing by the Bank .
In fact , over recent years these countries have already had many opportunities to demonstrate their ability and willingness to contribute to international security if called for , for they all also share a recognition that global stability directly serves their own national interests .
Japan seems to be departing from its conventional low-profile diplomacy toward China , and readying itself to construct a comprehensive long-term national and regional security strategy .
The decision , coming at the cabinet 's regular meeting on February 15th , was not intended to coincide with Kim Jong-il 's 63rd birthday the following day . But it did show that Japan 's government , having long suspected that North Korea already possessed nuclear weapons , would not be intimidated into a fundamental policy change by confirmation of the threat .
China is already the world 's third largest trading nation and rapidly developing its port capacities to manage an ever-increasing volume of trade .
Indonesia is seeking to form an air-defense squadron of 12 jets , with eight Russian fighters to complement the two Russian Su-27SK 's and Su-30MKM 's that it has already bought .
Malaysia has agreed to buy 18 Su-30MKM 's over the next two years , while Vietnam has purchased 36 SU-27SK 's , 12 of which are already in service .
In reality , Japan is not ready for this , because it still strongly adheres to `` self-imposed restraints '' against `` influence over other countries in security and defense , '' including weapons exports .
And , because of the country 's comparative lack of `` soft power '' -- social , cultural , and economic attractiveness -- it stands ready to use the competitive advantages -LRB- i.e. , its resource wealth -RRB- available to it .
The few accords reached at the summit , although welcome , are not as significant as the impression that the summit created that world leaders are ready to work together to confront nuclear proliferation .
But the Chinese are already offering Russia projects that are similar to those that they promote in African states : the development of resources with Chinese money and Chinese labor . Russia must act now to secure a more dignified and beneficial place in a future world order .
It is a tool that we should be ready to use if the situation warrants it , and it would signal to the opposition that it is not alone .
Indeed , though the UNPO , to which both belong -- alongside Assyria and the Buffalo River Dene Nation -- has a vaguely Marx Brothers ' air to it -LRB- one expects Freedonia , the mythical country of which Groucho Marx was prime minister , to be on the roster -RRB- , six member states already have left it to join the UN , and Kosovo , now independent if lacking UN recognition , will eventually follow .
The Iranian Revolutionary Guard have uniforms bearing a Koranic verse that reads , `` Make ready for them whatever force and strings of horses you can , to terrify thereby the enemy of God and your enemy , and others besides them that you know not ; God knows them . ''
Back to the Brink in Ukraine The campaign for Ukraine 's parliamentary election of September 30th is scarcely underway and yet Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovich is already trying to steal it .
Had he anointed Ivanov now , Putin 's power would already begin seeping away .
So it was only appropriate that he should become deputy prime minister for social affairs in 2005 , because he had already succeeded in largely bringing these affairs to a halt .
After all , the Soviet Union collapsed not because of Ronald Reagan 's military build-up in the 1980 's , with which communism was unable to compete , but because the Soviet command economy had already become obsolete in the 1970 's .
After 70 years of denial , Russia 's leadership -LRB- if not yet ordinary Russians -RRB- were ready to admit that Joseph Stalin 's NKVD -LRB- precursor to the KGB -RRB- slaughtered more than 20,000 Polish officers , intellectuals , and clergy in the nearby Katyn forest in 1940 .
But what matters here is a common perception that Russians are not ready to assume the responsibilities of citizenship .
The question today is not about the outcome of next year 's presidential election ; that has already been determined .
Koreans have already shown their penchant for multi-lateral diplomacy and trouble shooting through the six-party talks .
While I was there , the leaders joined together in highlighting progress that they have already made on crucial issues such as governance and power-sharing .
The pain and suffering arising from last year 's earthquake was already enormous , and has since been compounded by Hurricane Tomas and an outbreak of cholera . Now there is growing tension surrounding the just completed election .
We can already see its practical expression .
Mexico already employs 1.5 million people to plant and manage the country 's forests .
For that will only exacerbate the already fragile political and security situation in many of the hardest hit countries .
Moreover , failure to resolve the Cyprus issue would deadlock already strained security cooperation between NATO and the EU .
Turkey has become an invaluable asset in the make-up of our surrounding regions , and is already changing the status quo in favor of more stability and predictability .
But in one area of human rights protection , much-maligned Serbia has taken an unprecedented step that puts ahead of all the rest of Central and Eastern Europe , including states that are already members of the European Union .
TOKYO -- If the most dangerous moment for any dictatorship is when it starts to reform , North Korea looks ready to turn that truism on its head .
He apparently believed that , following the defeat that Obama absorbed in the mid-term elections , the US would lack the will to stand up to a fresh nuclear threat and would move to conclude a peace accord with his regime , thus perpetuating his dynasty . `` We are ready for both dialogue and war , '' Kim has declared .
And , because the affected regions were already suffering from depopulation and rapid aging -- problems typical of much of today 's Japan -- recovery will require a new rural-development program that moves the country away from its Tokyo-centric economic model .
Although Chinese officials say that the 2010 military budget has been restrained , and will grow by only 7.5 % , China 's military expenditures already exceeds those of Japan by 15 % .
Several reports that will influence the McCain and Obama campaigns are already being written in Washington .
The French president has already played a crucial role in bridging the U. S\/European divide on the Afghan mission and - after a successful donor 's conference - has taken the help of the EU 's rotating , six-month presidency .
Moreover , the international economic crisis and tight energy-supplies have taken a toll on confidence , as have tensions over the nationalization of pension funds and conflicts with soy producers , who oppose an increase in their already high taxes .
Floating the renmimbi can -- and should -- wait until China 's bank balance sheet problems have been addressed and its monetary system and capital markets become more developed and ready to play a stable role in global finance .
Russia is ready and willing to confront Europe and the West , but it can not afford and does not want to turn its back on Europe .
Even though they were already resigned to a 25-basis-point rate increase , the politicians made a big show of being opposed to it , aiming to prevent what they really feared and what was certainly more warranted : a 50-basis-point hike and a warning of more on the way .
Indeed , even before the sudden downturn in the US economy , a growing number of members of the ECB 's Governing Council already had come to the conclusion that accelerating the pace of interest-rate increases was needed if its goal of monetary neutrality was to be achieved .
Trichet already has cleared the way for this to happen .
Still , with the amount of real resources transferred to their governments already high , Europeans might balk at a further increase .
Several frustrated hawks on the Governing Council are dead set against cutting interest rates precisely because they believe that , at 4 % , rates already have been `` cut '' from the 5 % or so levels they had expected to achieve .
The crude oil price already has dropped substantially from its highs at the beginning of the year .
Now it can be told that the central bank had 25 to 30 disaster scenarios ready in case things went badly .
But there is a risk that developing countries , already burdened by dealing with numerous donors , will face an even greater fragmentation of aid efforts . New donors can lessen the load on the world 's poorest and increase effectiveness by working together through multilateral channels .
Back then , I was already venturing what is , for economists , a heretical presumption : that chaos theory should be applied to the economy ; that devastating effects can follow from the smallest causes .
Even if it does , a nuclear Iran may trigger an arms race in the region and embolden an Iranian government that already supports extremist movements throughout the Middle East .
Several Arab dictators who had held power for decades have already been ousted or forced to announce that they will retire .
As it turned out , by the time the seriousness of the rebellion became clear , fear was already changing sides even within the halls of Tunisian power .
Such an agreement must end all types of military and armed attacks as well as assassinations , and it needs to be monitored by a neutral third party -- namely , the quartet -LRB- the US , the UN , the EU , and Russia -RRB- that drew up the road map , which already contains a provision for foreign monitors .
Backed by a reasonable Arab peace plan , they will insist that there is already a worldwide consensus on restoring the 1967 borders -LRB- with mutual adjustments of equal size and quality -RRB- , the need for a fair agreement on dealing with refugees , and a formula to share Jerusalem .
The delegates overwhelmingly agreed that the movement must keep open the option of returning underground if negotiations for statehood fail , while being ready to become a political party if a Palestinian state is born .
The Shamir government would be defeated at the polls , and the incoming Labor government would declare a freeze on all settlement construction , even on buildings that had already been started .
Europe has already said that it would recognize such a unilateral declaration .
The fanatic is inflexible and inertial , a steamroller ready to flatten everything in his way .
Fiscal stability , meanwhile , is already threatened by the growing pension and health-care costs implied by a rapidly aging population .
But , given falling demand for gas , Russia had already begun renegotiating contracts in Europe and giving customers discounts .
While it is too early to predict the final outcomes , several important regional implications are already beginning to emerge .
Exports are yet to begin , but the threat of the resource curse is already present .
Migrants from poor countries already send home $ 200 billion a year -- perhaps another $ 400 billion informally -- compared to the $ 80 billion in aid given by Western governments .
Their opponents focus on the disruptive effects of immigration , particularly among the most vulnerable citizens in countries that already suffer from high unemployment .
So today 's entry barriers , particularly in Europe , will produce ever-increasing waves of illegal immigration , with all the crime , corruption , and suffering that this implies . -LRB- Money to be made from the illegal traffic in people , by some estimates , already outstrips the profits of the illegal drug trade . -RRB-
In an already fragile region , a major Arab country like Iraq would most likely prompt interventions by its nervous neighbors - of which there is no shortage - if it turns into a failed state .
But while the government wants to move beyond low-skilled mining into higher-value processing , De Beers has balked , because it already has well established , cost-effective cutting operations abroad .
This would strengthen the EU Council 's common position , which already defines general rules for the control of exports of military technology and equipment .
Goethe already spoke of this in his play `` Torquato Tasso , '' when he cried out : `` Compare yourself !
If domestic private firms in these sectors are already present , policymakers should identify and remove constraints on those firms ' technological upgrading or on entry by other firms .
It has also abolished the wealth tax -LRB- after the previous social-democratic government had already abolished the inheritance tax -RRB- .
Russia 's heavy-handed pressure on Georgia and its support of secessionist movements in South Ossetia and Abkhazia , two unrecognized republics within Georgia , inflames passions and risks destabilizing the already tense Northern Caucasus .
Kits for rapid diagnosis of influenza infection already exist .
But China 's government clings to the belief that Hong Kong 's people are not ready for democracy .
After 1997 , Hong Kong 's government made doubly sure that legislators ' already limited powers to initiate debates , legislation , and amendments to laws were further restricted .
The worst case would be if China disregarded a decisive pro-democracy win in 2007 and 2008 and continued to insist that Hong Kong 's people were unready for democracy or to allege foreign manipulation of the pro-democracy camp .
Roughly eight million Colombians eligible for the subsidy are already covered ; since these include the poorest , the gain in health is almost surely greater than the 11 % increase in real cost so far .
Most of the world 's urban areas have already experienced far more dramatic temperature hikes over the past few decades than the 2.6 ° C increase expected from global warming over the next hundred years .
This matters immensely , because the Kyoto Protocol is already among the most expensive global public policies ever enacted , and the follow-up in Copenhagen in late 2009 promises to break all records .
This increase has no separate climate effect , since we 've already promised to cut emissions by 20 % .
Yet the BBC reported in 2000 that the fabled Northwest Passage was already without ice .
This is dwarfed by the tax that many European countries already impose , and it is much less than in the European trading system .
The saddest thing about the global warming debate is that nearly all of the key protagonists -- politicians , campaigners , and pundits -- already know that the old-style agreement that is on the table for Copenhagen this December will have a negligible effect on temperatures .
Unless we change direction and make our actions realistic and achievable , it is already clear that the declarations of `` success '' in Copenhagen this December will be meaningless .
Yet the needed technology will not be ready in terms of scalability or stability .
The market alone is an ineffective way to stimulate research and development into uncertain technology , and a high carbon tax will simply hurt growth if alternatives are not ready .
Alternative sources of energy have been hyped by corporate lobbyists and a credulous media to appear far more ready for widespread use than they really are .
Cruelly , this is not the case for parts of Africa that are already suffering from hunger .
On Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania -- where the effects of global warming can already be felt -- our researcher encountered 28-year-old Rehema Ibrahim .
Well , we already have .
But this was possible only because the Swedish government already owned all the assets , thereby circumventing the hopelessly difficult issue of pricing them .
So Israel is blocking Lebanon 's ports from the sea , has breached the runways of all three jet-capable airfields , including Beirut 's international airport , and remains ready to destroy generating plants and other high-value targets , if necessary , to generate sufficient political pressure on Hezbollah .
But as soon as the IDF was fully mobilized and the reservist brigades that make up nine-tenths of its strength were ready to deploy for battle , the Israelis stopped both the Egyptian and Syrian armies in their tracks and began their own advance almost immediately .
Instead , he remained an outspoken , independent man , ready to speak and take action whenever art and ideals confronted repression and cruelty .
Third , benchmark interest rates are already near zero , and have been for a while . This undermines the potency of monetary policy notwithstanding bold and imaginative efforts by the Bank of Japan to inject liquidity into the economy .
Today , Earth 's atmosphere already contains 380 parts per million of CO2 .
At the same time , reflecting their pragmatism , the Asians remain ready to accept continuing American leadership and domination of global institutions .
They argued that by taking care of more than two billion people -- and taking care of them well -- both China and India were already making a major contribution to global stability and order .
Having already been humiliated by China , such an apology would be politically suicidal for the Japanese government .
Exhausted by the ongoing war , most Chechens now are ready to resolve their problems within the framework provided by Russia 's elastic federal structure .
The head of the Kremlin-appointed Chechen administration , Akhmad Kadyrov , is already discussing this with the president of the federal election commission .
The Kremlin must know this already .
We Lebanese can already claim victory in our year-long non-violent fight for independence and democracy .
As I stressed in remarks to the Security Council last week , the UN can not respond quickly and substantially if people and money are not standing by , ready to go .
We will all ultimately pay dearly , in human and financial terms , if we fail to ensure that these peace processes lead to long-term stability for societies that have already suffered far too much , for their immediate neighbors , and for the world at large .
The relevant institutions can not be built quickly and can not be imported , ready-made , from abroad .
Some Romanian refugees were already candidates for the local elections , praised for their hard work and honesty .
It will happen , I hope , also in other places and not only with Romanians but with all the people ready to face the provocations of our time .
And soon after that , some leading intellectuals condemned the national committee 's condemnation as an affront to freedom of speech . No one mentioned the danger of inciting an already radicalized audience .
Efforts in this area already exist , but it has become increasingly urgent that these efforts be strengthened .
Back then , Wall Street was ready for the job .
Someday , Shanghai and Hong Kong might be ready , but that possibility is of little help now .
One could establish a sort of über-official who surveys video monitors , immediately overrules blatantly wrong calls , and directly communicates this decision with the referee and linesmen on the field -LRB- who are already equipped with earphones -RRB- .
Second , we need to make use of the perfectly functioning electronic chip already inside the ball to settle decisively whether a ball has crossed the field 's boundaries or its all-important goal lines .
The Maoist and non-Maoist parties have asked the UN to maintain a political presence while the issue of the former combatants is resolved , and we stand ready to support peace-building , recovery , and long-term development .
And , as with the economy , its politicians do n't appear ready to deliver anything that daring .
Only when that happens will Japan be ready to play the responsible international leadership role that the world 's second largest economy should play .
Instead , the past is always present , ready to be called up with a few clicks on a keyboard or mobile phone .
There are already many cases of people being denied jobs or promotions because of what is unearthed .
If there is something to celebrate , it is that the balance of global economic power is shifting to emerging countries , and that new role models and a new generation raised in a globalized world are becoming ready to assume the mantle of leadership .
The outlook for 2006 was also bullish , with preliminary data for the first quarter indicating that FDI flows had already reached US$ 14 billion , up from US$ 7.4 billion in the year-earlier period .
Undoubtedly , much of the current situation will be best understood with the benefit of time , but five lessons are already coming into focus , and we should consider their implications for the choices policymakers will make in the future .
I appreciate that close cooperation and partnership with member states are required , and I am ready to work with them in whatever way I can to help them to transpose and apply EU law correctly .
Later this year , the Commission will bring forward a review of the single market to ensure that Europe is ready for what lies ahead .
With 18 members , the Governing Council is already larger than the governing bodies of the US Federal Reserve Board , the Bank of England , or the Bank of Japan .
As a great -LRB- and already American at that time -RRB- writer Vladimir Nabokov wrote in the 1970s : `` From all the decrees of nature the most remarkable one is , possibly , the survival of the weakest . ''
The system was dead already , and it is to Yeltsin 's great credit that he was able to bring Russia out of the ruins in one piece .
Together with the widening US budget deficit , America 's current-account deficit -- already large -- ballooned , mirrored by bulging external surpluses in China and , as oil prices spiraled , in oil-producing countries like the United Arab Emirates .
In view of the country 's shrinking workforce and already high capital-to-labor ratio , it is also understandable that German investors do not see many domestic investment opportunities , and instead choose to invest abroad .
All traditional individual rights are already covered in the Declaration of Human Rights , which will continue to be enforced by the court in Strasbourg .
Job protection benefits the employed at the expense of the unemployed , and some unions , notably the most militant , are strongly opposed to greater flexibility , and have already threatened to block liberalizing measures in the streets .
By that time , we had already become aware that interests in organ commerce were constantly intensifying , and that those in need of organs or money were increasingly likely to turn to the black market or seek a legal loophole that would allow them to conceal the commercial transaction behind some legitimate gesture .
The Union 's common foreign and security policy may not yet mean that Europe speaks to the world with one voice , but it is taking shape and has already healed some of the wounds inflicted by disagreements over the war in Iraq .
Europe already feared that rising youth unemployment in the region would create dangerous instability along Europe 's southern flank .
Today , with the EU eager to play a forceful role on the world stage , a move towards a more open system appears to be inevitable . The EU 's interlocutors in Washington , Beijing , and elsewhere already make it plain that national leaders claiming to speak for Europe lack credibility , as do EU leaders who so evidently have no convincing political mandate .
The most conservative estimate , by Eurostat , the EU 's statistical agency , puts the total number of newcomers to Europe between now and 2050 at 40 million . Inevitably , that sort of influx will ensure that Europe 's already vociferous right-wing extremist politicians win even greater support .
Much of Europe already suffers from under-performing labor markets in which job seekers and would-be employers either ca n't or wo n't find one another .
Stubbornly high youth unemployment , along with Europe 's dwindling numbers of school-leavers , is already canceling out the positive effects of immigration .
Eurocrats insist that the necessary policy instruments and rules are already in place , but that is to ignore political reality .
Social unrest , on the other hand , has already erupted , with violent protests by students and radical trade-union factions fueling alarm -- as have threats and aggression against officials of both trade unions and employers ' associations .
Brazil , China , India , Korea , and Mexico had already been playing a decisive role in two major areas -- the global trade regime and the management of the worldwide economic crisis ; the jury is still out on a third -- climate change .
But , notwithstanding their leadership pose vis-à-vis the Competitiveness Pact , the French have already distanced themselves from the commitment to raise the retirement age to 67 .
The world is not ready for the post-American era , and countries like China and India must play a far greater role in strengthening the existing institutions of world peace and , where appropriate , building new ones that can promote a positive agenda of security , dignity , rights , and prosperity across the globe .
It is equally clear that Asian states are not yet ready to assume the more meaningful leadership in global affairs that will be necessary to ensure that this tectonic shift can make the world more stable and secure than it has been .
By the time he caught up , soldiers were already shooting .
Instead , scientists must harness the `` natural experiments '' in which exposures have already occurred .
The West has already isolated Gaza 's Hamas-controlled government .
For example , it could be that highly stressed people with Type A personality who think that bacon cheeseburgers and creamy sauces are staple foods , and who already have an increased , long-term risk of heart disease , also tend to work longer hours .
But , if we 're ready to rush the pandemic strain into an emergency program to manufacture vaccine , we could possibly blunt the second wave .
Intransigent opposition by anti-science , anti-technology activists -- Greenpeace , Friends of the Earth , and a few other groups -- has spurred already risk-averse regulators to adopt an overly cautious approach that has stalled approvals .
Regulations and standards of good practice already effectively address organisms that may be pathogenic or that threaten the natural environment .
Moderating domestic demand requires , first and foremost , fiscal tightening , because further increases in interest rates , which are already relatively high , would only fuel further capital inflows and put even more upward pressure on the real , which is already over-valued .
After all , patients come to hospitals that practice traditional Chinese medicine because they already believe in acupuncture and are likely to be using it to treat another illness .
No one should include Switzerland among these , for the Swiss government has already offered to improve international cooperation by adopting the OECD 's standard on international administrative assistance on tax issues .
After its landmark expansion eastwards , the European Union will be understandably preoccupied with absorbing its new members and with negotiating with the applicants already in line to join : Romania , Bulgaria , Croatia , and possibly Turkey .
A growing share of undocumented immigration into the expanded Union already comes from this region .
It emphasizes the need to invest early , nurturing young children to ensure that they arrive at school healthy and ready to learn ; to invest smartly , transforming schools with good teachers , good materials , and good management ; and to invest for all , laying the foundation for just and equitable societies .
First , key emerging actors -- China , Russia , and India -- are not ready , willing , or even capable of performing a stabilizing international role .
But are the two parties ready for it ?
Nor are they set to become a benevolent , altruistic power , ready to use their new strength and reputation to improve the stability of the international system .
The French are ready for a woman , but perhaps not this one .
This would not be enough for Bayrou in ordinary times , but today , on both sides of the political divide , opponents of the main candidates seem ready to join forces with him and betray their respective camps .
Watching the celebration of patriotism behind the raising of the French flag and the singing of the national anthem during the first round of the campaign , one can easily believe that the British vision of a Europe of independent nation states has won already , if only by default .
Wrong analogies have already led America to disaster in Iraq , which had nothing in common with Germany or Japan after World War II -- the parallel that some in the Bush administration used in arguing that democracy could be made to sprout in former dictatorships through occupation .
The silent majority is ready to be convinced that there is life after Bush .
But is the world ready for a return to protectionist policies and nationalist reflexes ?
Has he already lost touch with reality , surrounded as he is by a court of media courtesans ?
These two alternatives already defined Western strategy toward Russia in the mid-1990 's .
Unlike Roosevelt , he has a perfect understanding of the nature of the economic challenges facing him , and , like Churchill , he benefits from the support of a population ready to follow him in a climate of national unity , at least in the short run .
Third , even if America under Obama praises and even practices multilateralism , Americans are far from ready to accept the reality of a multi-polar world .
Fourth , if US diplomacy changes in style and content , will Europe be ready to face the challenge when America calls for help ?
The reforms that Turkey has already implemented in a very short period of time , thanks to its EU candidate status , are impressive .
The Northern industrial world was not yet ready to recognize the new weight of the emerging powers and the need to strike a new balance between North and South , East and West .
Only with foreign investment and economic liberalization -- a process that has already begun in some measure -- can Cuba hope to offer its 11.2 million people more consumer goods and comfort , improve the social welfare system , and rehabilitate the country 's infrastructure .
Most experts agree that there are no ready-made formulas or recipes for how to innovate .
I soon realized that these clever ideas had already been developed by the theory of knowledge and the philosophy of science .
But the three Arab states are already members of the Arab Free Trade Zone GAFTA , which normally prevents participation in another free-trade zone .
The world has already accepted the basic principle that the rich should bear more of the cost of mitigating climate change .
Already , Libya 's leader , Muammar al-Gaddafi , and Qatar television preacher Sheikh Qaradawi have been ridiculed for putting an Arab or Islamist spin on events in Tunisia .
The revolution in Tunisia was just a matter of time -- a popular uprising to end a system that failed to deliver the free society for which the Tunisian public has long been ready .
Protests have already toppled governments in Tunisia and Egypt , leaving other Arab countries faced with widespread discontent .
Those countries are already working to reduce their crisis-inflated deficits as soon as possible .
Standard & Poor 's has put the already low A - rating under review for a possible downgrade .
Already , many -LRB- former -RRB- politicians and economists -LRB- no prizes for guessing whence they mostly hail -RRB- are proposing that the EU issue its own sovereign debt , which would alleviate the problems of countries such as Greece and Italy .
In search of economic niches not already occupied by others , Jews frequently created markets for new products and services .
Indeed , the warlords have been given too big a say in distributing aid already , and it may be hard to strip them of this power .
A form of monetary harmonization in southern Africa already exists between South Africa and Lesotho , Namibia , and Swaziland , whose currencies are traded at par with the South African Rand .
Already , commentators are speculating on how long the new parliament will survive .
Though it is too soon to predict all the effects , some good consequences are already evident , as are some that are troublesome and others whose impact will play out over time .
After five years in office , and with another three years to go , some answers are already apparent . Others are emerging gradually .
Moreover , the post-WWII bodies were tribunals in which the war 's victors judged the losers , and those prosecuted were already in custody .
Yet there is already a persistent theme in criticism of such tribunals : in their effort to do justice , they are obstructing achievement of a more important goal , peace .
If Saddam is ready to abdicate to preserve his life , he should get that much security , no more .
Unfortunately , there is no ready substitute for the US as a force for advancing human rights internationally .
Liberals should face up to grim reality : Russia already had an `` orange '' revolution , in 1991 , and the results were not particularly impressive .
Despite serious problems with extraction , production and depletion -LRB- production at three of Russia 's four major fields is already declining -RRB- , the propensity to use hydrocarbon resources as a geo-strategic weapon trumps economics .
Everyone agrees that recent pledges of a $ 1 billion in aid are a sign that donors are ready to show Burundians that peace has a dividend .
Many countries are already developing their own national strategies .
In the adult songbird brain , we can find at any moment many little migrating neurons ready to replace cells that have died .
Only one of every three job seekers finds a job , but the overproduction is probably worthwhile , for it ensures that as a replaceable neuron dies , there will already be , in its vicinity , a younger one ready to take its place .
Science and technology have an enormous stake in this development , and worldwide competition for the best brains is already acutely felt in European universities .
But several trends are discernible in the intense discussion that has already begun , both within the European Commission and among the various stakeholders ,
We are already seeing extraordinary innovation by the private sector , which will drive the transition towards a low-carbon global economy .
In fact , many of those who have lost their homes and jobs in Port-au-Prince and other Haitian cities will likely return to rural communities where they have family . This will put pressure on the rural economy and place more strain on areas already grappling with meager resources .
In East Africa , where millions of people already are dependent on food aid , a sharp rise in the cost of staple crops looms .
Higher food prices meant that poor people , already struggling to meet basic human needs , were pushed deeper into poverty .
Much of this success stemmed from infrastructure that was already in place .
It is true that there is plenty to condemn : Suleman 's family lives on food stamps , the children already at home do n't have enough baby furniture , and her own parents are giving interviews to the media in which they criticize her choices .
It comes from the thought that this really might beenough to be able to afford a small house , a college education , and the children that one already has .
On the middle board of economic relations , the world is already multi-polar .
Already the scenes of looters exploiting the chaos in the early aftermath of the storm have been replaced with stories of charitable contributions from other parts of the country , of children being accepted into schools outside the city , and of families being helped by strangers .
Gas provides a tempting form of leverage , and Russia had already used it against Georgia , Latvia , Lithuania , and Moldova .
But on the middle board of economic relations , the world is already multipolar , and the US can not obtain the outcomes it wants without the cooperation of Europe , Japan , China , and others .
In fact , French-American relations have already begun to improve , as both sides realized that their pubic dispute was damaging their interests .
Already , some Chinese suspect the US of seeking an independent Taiwan as an `` unsinkable aircraft carrier '' for use against a future Chinese enemy .
On the middle board are economic relations , where the world is already multi-polar .
Iran proclaims that its programs are for peaceful generation of nuclear energy , but inspectors have already found traces of highly enriched weapons-grade uranium .
European foreign ministers have already expressed their concerns about Iran 's nuclear program .
But on the middle chessboard , economic power is already multi-polar , with the US , Europe , Japan and China as the major players , and others gaining in importance .
On the top board of military power among countries , the US is the only superpower . On the middle board of economic relations among countries , the world is already multipolar .
And , while depressed economic activity may slow somewhat the rate of greenhouse-gas build-up in the atmosphere , it will also slow the types of costly programs that governments must enact to address emissions that have already occurred .
The terrorist attacks on New York , Washington , and now Madrid are terrible symptoms of the deep changes already occurring .
The traditions of Korean art , crafts , and cuisine have already spread around the world .
The Future of Power CAMBRIDGE -- Global government is unlikely in the twenty-first century , but various degrees of global governance already exist .
National courts may consider the effects of European integration on their constitutional and democratic institutions , affirming or rejecting the integration that has already taken place , or setting limits to supranational arrangements that might further impinge on national sovereignty .
The current system relies on ad hoc mechanisms , which generally operate too late , after high indebtedness has already imposed devastating effects .
As Fred Bergsten has reminded us , the mechanism is already available in the form of the `` substitution account '' that was negotiated in the IMF in 1980 .
Here currency appreciation is already taking place , pushed by massive capital inflows since the second quarter of 2009 , and in some cases it can already be said to be excessive -LRB- for example , in Brazil -RRB- .
One solution -LRB- already advocated by some , including me , and adopted to some extent by a few countries -RRB- is broader use of capital-account regulations .
This does not mean , of course , that China should take no action to correct the undervaluation of its currency , though some recognition should be given to the way in which it is already contributing to solving this problem by allowing domestic wages to rise .
In a way , this is already happening through cottage industries in countries such as China , Ghana , India , and Nigeria , which employ ill-equipped artisans who are not sufficiently trained to avoid harmful procedures that contaminate the environment and sicken themselves and their neighbors .
Already , some village leaders are elected ; this may slowly spread to regional officials , and then upward to the central government .
I was excited to follow my older brother , who is already studying there .
Northern PDP leaders , still pressuring the region 's large group of presidential contenders , including Babangida , to agree on who will fight it out with Jonathan , are already looking beyond the primaries .
At the same time , a range of institutions already deals with the issue : OSCE , the NATO-Russia Council , and the Euro-Atlantic Partnership Council , to name but a few .
Moreover , the European Commission has indicated that it is ready to resume talks aimed at bringing Serbia closer to the European Union as soon as a reform-oriented government is formed in Belgrade .
But the EU seems ready to ignore Serbia 's disdain for international law .
Indeed , the West has already tried this approach before , with paltry results .
Belarus already has a budding software industry that reports net annual revenues of $ 300 million .
If PiS 's populist slogans become policy , government spending is likely to expand , which will exacerbate Poland 's already weak fiscal position and consequently trigger inflationary expectations .
It would be ready to react rapidly in crisis situations , executing decisions that represent a common European viewpoint .
On the contrary , the international community must be ready to enforce the most sacrosanct rules of peaceful coexistence , and sometimes this may include resorting to the use of force .
With food prices now soaring , most of Asia 's `` working poor , '' who are already struggling on degraded lands , in sweatshops , on streets and at homes , risk further destitution .
In addition to the millions already pushed into poverty in 2008-09 , another 64 million could fall into extreme poverty during 2010 as a result of the combined , lingering effects of the crisis .
Our UNICEF survey of 126 developing countries found that among the nearly one-half that are reducing public expenditures , common adjustment measures include public-sector wage cuts or caps , withdrawal of food subsidies , and the targeting and rationalization of already meager social-protection systems .
If as some argue Iran is being disingenuous , then once it achieves this first phase -- uranium enrichment for industrial purposes -- it can easily slide into weapons-grade enrichment , leaving the international community out in the cold , with no channels of communication , no observation teams in place , and no monitors ready to sound the whistle .
That is why the world must not remain focused on the already-lost first phase .
With so much to disagree about and no significant agreements ready to be concluded in Astana , this looks like a case of summitry for summitry 's sake .
Yet she is ready to do business with pragmatic Palestinians and offer them full sovereignty in exchange for full peace .
Plans for constitutional reform are already on the table .
But it is already clear that the capacity of some communities to adapt will quickly be exceeded if climate change goes unmitigated .
But Humala 's detractors claim he took up arms to help the escape of Montesinos , who was already wanted by the law , but managed to flee aboard a sailboat towards Galapagos on the day of the coup .
Therefore , on top of this , large resources are spent on modernizing the skills of those already in the labor force .
To the extent that most of the residents of Abkhazia and South Ossetia have already been given Russian citizenship , the recognition of those two regions ' sovereignty would be entirely fictitious and , in fact , an interim measure on the way to their full annexation by Russia .
With Gazprom having already doubled gas tariffs for Georgia , the energy noose is tightening .
Obama already appears to have gone further in the pursuit of bipartisanship than his predecessors .
The left in America criticizes Obama for not turning the economy around already .
Brown , who became prime minister in 2007 , let spending and borrowing rip , so that when the global crash hit Britain was already suffering from a structural fiscal deficit and a credit bubble .
We know already about heavy attendance at the country 's mosques .
We were already all drawn toward it , and our peace and prosperity were consolidated .
His wings scorched from Iraq to Guantánamo , Bush already seems to be yesterday 's story ; his minders carefully steer audiences into the front rows at public events , lest the absence of interest in what he is doing and saying becomes too obvious .
How do we deal conclusively with North Korea , which probably already possesses a handful of nuclear weapons ?
Many are already upon us .
As whole areas heat up , mosquitoes enter formerly forbidden territories , bringing illness with them , while causing more disease for longer periods in the areas they already inhabit .
Malaria has already returned to the Korean peninsula , and parts of the US , southern Europe and the former Soviet Union have experienced small outbreaks .
Their intent was not to replace the many economic dialogues already taking place , but to create a senior-level forum that was both comprehensive and strategic . A forum that would also build trust on both sides by demonstrating progress on the immediate issues we face .
Globally , the second largest such company is Vale , based in Brazil , and the Chinese are now the single largest presence in Africa , although China already has some revenue transparency legislation on its books , given the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong financial market .
It may be more natural for the Czech Republic , Hungary , and Slovakia to strive for closer regional cooperation with Austria and Slovenia , the contours of which can already be seen in some existing regional groupings .
If the Palestinians want to have European help -- which I support completely -- it must be ready to make peace , not to break peace .
The first step , revival of the Quartet , has already been taken .
The next generation is already smaller .
Much work has already been done to re-establish and improve regional relations .
The Stability Pact has now been transferred to local control , re-emerging as the Sarajevo-based Regional Cooperation Council , ready to develop regional and multilateral standards for its members .
Not only are 12 % of bird species already in danger of extinction , but more than twice that proportion have small geographical ranges -LRB- the key predictor of threat -RRB- and mostly live in habitats that are seriously threatened .
Despite the devastating effects of the earthquake and tsunami of last February , Chile 's economy is already growing at close to 6 % , and we have created nearly 300,000 new jobs in the first nine months of my administration -- the highest in our country 's history .
In order to justify their authoritarian rule and camouflage from the Russian public their massive theft of the country 's resources , the global kleptocrats have already convinced ordinary Russians that they are surrounded by ruthless enemies who are trying to dismember and destroy Russia .
It would not be difficult for them to convince ordinary Russians , who have already been primed by today 's xenophobic propaganda , that Tbilisi , Sevastopol , Astana , and Tallinn belong to Russia and should be taken by force .
But no amount of money will succeed in modernizing Putin 's kleptocratic regime , which has already squandered trillions in oil wealth .
But neither the Kremlin nor its North Caucasian allies are ready for formal separation .
Indeed , depreciation has already started for Europe , and many observers consider the euro 's fall , from 1.5 dollars in late 2009 to 1.2 dollars in recent days , sufficient to offset in the short term the retrenchment 's negative impact on growth .
Moreover , the report assumes that monetary policy can offset part of the shock , which may not be true where near-zero interest rates already prevail -- or in the euro area where the effort may vary across countries while monetary policy is uniform .
Emerging countries hold a similar opinion : they want their current problems to be solved but are not ready to re-write the rules of the game .
But violence elsewhere in Europe , such as the London bombings of July and the brutal murder of Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh on the streets of Amsterdam in November 2004 , had already made Europe 's failure to integrate its minorities painfully clear .
Over the longer term , population aging represents a major challenge for a social-security system that already spends , as a share of GDP , as much as developed countries , where the share of the population 65 and over is twice that of Brazil .
Already eyeing a third term , he can count on political longevity on the order of Mahathir 's 22-year rule .
Moreover , Thailand already attracts unwanted attention for its draconian security laws .
Such thinking is passé . China already is East Asia 's great power .
After decades of refusing to speak publicly , Calley , who is now 66 , recently said that `` not a day goes by '' when he does not feel remorse `` for what happened that day in My Lai . '' One wonders if the relatives of those murdered at My Lai are more ready to forgive Calley than the relatives of those killed at Lockerbie are to forgive Megrahi .
It is a measure of the seriousness of our problem that CO2 is already at 386 ppm , and is rising by two ppm each year .
As Sri Lanka 's government pointed out , `` That means low-emitting countries like us could not emit more because our space has already been exploited by developed or global heavy polluting countries without our consent . ''
No one likes putting a dollar value on a human life , but the fact is that we already do , implicitly , by failing to give enough support to organizations working in developing countries .
One can only imagine the grave consequences if operations that are already spread thin are cut .
If the recession costs migrants their jobs in richer host countries and forces them to return home to their countries of origin , millions of already poor people will be thrown into greater poverty .
These governments already spend tax money on direct foreign aid .
The problem is that a reduction in those extremes to which we are already well-adapted provides only modest benefits , whereas the new extremes to which we are not adapted can be devastating , as recent events in Pakistan show .
Foreign oil assets are a bad hedge in such cases , for they subtract from citizens ' income when it is already low and add to it when it is high .
If it is to improve its persuasive capabilities , it must learn to become more like grassroots activists , with punchy prose , clear policy recommendations , and TV-ready talking points .
In addition , a freeze on Libya 's financial assets abroad and exports of oil equipment cost the country an estimated $ 33 billion in revenue , exacerbating already high unemployment and inflation rates .
I suggest an alternative strategy , one already embedded in America history , though largely unrecognized .
Whichever way it goes -- even if Chávez really is recovering as quickly as he would have us believe -- talk in Venezuela about the post-Chávez era has already begun .
People in the industrialized countries are already an estimated 74 times richer per capita than those in the poorest countries .
Obviously , there must be an intensification of efforts to reduce global poverty , which has become a breeding ground of resentment , envy , and despair -- hence , a ready producer of violence and suicide bombers .
Of course , Japan itself already possesses both nuclear technology and solid-fuel missiles .
Meanwhile , the instruments for a larger Asia-Pacific economic community are already in place , starting with the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation -LRB- APEC -RRB- forum , with the ultimate goal being to meet the imperative for durable peace and security .
Substantial redeployments of US military forces and assets , triggered by the need for additional troops in Afghanistan and ongoing problems over the US-Japan status-of-forces agreement , are already taking place .
Even during that 1997 crisis , this lesson was already being recognized , for the members of the Asia-Pacific Economic Community -LRB- APEC -RRB- remained committed to trade liberalization , one of the key forces that helped restart growth in Asia 's economies .
Many of the instruments for greater integration already exist .
Global temperatures had already risen by 0.5 ºC above preindustrial levels by the early 1990 's , and another 0.3 ºC have been added to that since the Rio Earth Summit .
Soft spoken , mild mannered , thoughtful , and with a wonderful sense of humor , Tajbakhsh is portrayed by the Iranian government as a ravenous wolf ready to devour the regime .
Now we are ready to conclude negotiations with the first new Member States .
In the Convention on the future of the EU , member states and candidate countries are already discussing how to organize the EU in the years ahead .
These two countries are not yet ready for membership .
At the same time , however , it is the assessment of the Commission that Turkey is still not yet ready to initiate accession negotiations .
Taming the Private Equity `` Locusts '' The full repercussions of the financial crisis triggered by bad mortgages in the United States are still unclear , but the unforeseen effects already include an unstoppable demand for greater transparency in financial markets , and better regulation .
Some donors have now promised to do so , though only over time ; others are not ready to go that far , but have promised more aid than they currently give .
Meanwhile , there should be no backsliding on the progress already made , such as the offer to eliminate agricultural export subsidies by 2013 and to provide duty-free\/quota-free access for almost all exports from least developed countries .
Much has already been achieved in the negotiations , and an agreement of significant value is within reach .
Human actions -- burning fossil fuels -- have already raised the carbon dioxide concentration higher than it has ever been in the last 500,000 years , and it is rising by about 0.5 % a year .
Although Colombia 's government announced a few weeks ago a strategy based on important infrastructure work , its impact will be limited : most of the investment was already in the budget last year , and the officials in charge of public works have consistently demonstrated inefficiency when executing large-scale projects .
Moreover , as a young institution , the Court still has much work to do in effectively investigating and prosecuting the crimes over which it already exercises jurisdiction . Cooperation from member states and the relationship between peace and justice are just two vital issues that require sustained attention at Kampala and beyond .
When they occur , states would stand ready to intervene to put an end to them , peacefully if possible , by force if necessary .
These partnership mechanisms already exist .
If the Prague summit will not showcase any grand new initiative , it is simply because we already launched a new NATO-Russia relationship last May at our special summit in Rome .
Much has already been achieved over the past six months to transform the political message of Rome into practical cooperation .
A repeat of this scenario seems possible : on the left , outside of the Socialist Party , there are already four announced candidates , and a fifth is likely .
So the full impact of the crisis remains ahead of us : 1.3 million American homeowners have already defaulted on their mortgages .
We already know that there will be media fireworks , but there will be little talk of economic regulation .
The first task is already being tackled .
Ireland and Greece , once the two poorest countries of Europe have surged economically , with Greece coming close to the European average and Ireland having already taken its place among the richest .
For those countries that have already made the leap , the choices are more difficult .
The Death of the Globalization Consensus CAMBRIDGE -- The world economy has seen globalization collapse once already .
Applied tariff rates in developing countries , while higher than in advanced countries , are already at an all-time low .
In view of what was about to happen , it might have been better for Paulson to hold his nose and do with Lehman what he had already done with Bear Stearns and would have had to do in a few days with AIG : save them with taxpayer money .
Unfortunately , there is little to suggest that policymakers are yet ready to confront this genuine threat .
For the true up-and-coming economic superpowers , we should turn instead to countries like Brazil , India , and South Africa , which have already accomplished their democratic transitions and are unlikely to regress .
If the banks are merely illiquid , the Federal Reserve in Washington is ready to act as a lender of last resort .
By some measures , China is already the world 's largest economy , and emerging-market and developing countries account for more than half of the world 's output .
The trial has already had more than its share of movie-ending moments .
For Fukushima-type risks , analysts are already discussing how nuclear plants can be designed and built to contain earthquake and tsunami risks via passive cooling .
Hamilton knew that the wrong kind of taxes would weaken the already-fragile economy .
Some states , like Virginia , had already paid much of their debt , and others saw their debt as having become a financial game for New York speculators .
In most cases , a country is already in desperate fiscal straits by the time IMF economists arrive on the scene to discuss a loan .
By contrast , skeptics hold that the US economy already contains the seeds of its own socio-economic decline .
Gore 's film would give the Europeans , always in danger of being marginalized at these meetings , the chance to boast about how they , unlike the Americans and Russians , are already doing their part by heavily taxing gas consumption .
With a movie night , there would be a ready-made excuse for inviting glitterati to attend G-8 events to help spark discussions .
So why has n't more adjustment taken place already ?
Rodrigo de Rato , Zoellick 's counterpart at the European-dominated International Monetary Fund , has already suggested that his successor should be chosen in a more inclusive process .
Some leading economists project that health expenditures , which already constitute 16 % of the US economy , will rise to 30 % of GDP by 2030 , and perhaps approach 50 % later in the century .
But today , the balance is shifting . Heart operations are already a major factor in extending life in many rich countries .
In fact , this summer 's asset price correction reinforced a view many of us already had that the US economy was slowing , led by sagging productivity and a deteriorating housing market .
Indeed , the US Congress has already produced a series of ominous bills aimed at retaliating against China and other countries that engage in one-way currency intervention .
The dollar is already down 25 % over the past five years , and if the US tips into recession -- a 50\/50 chance right now &#45; &#45; the dollar is going to drop a lot more .
Foreign investors are already reshuffling their portfolios , moving into euros , pounds , and even emerging-market currencies like the Brazilian real and the South African rand .
Nowadays , most workers already have legal and statutory rights that cover the basic protections that unions originally fought for a century ago .
But , with most economies in the Middle East and Asia in much stronger shape than the US and inflation already climbing sharply in most emerging-market countries , aggressive monetary stimulus is the last thing they need right now .
The European Central Bank is staying calm for the moment , but it , too , is probably holding back on interest-rate hikes partly out of fear of driving the euro , already at record levels , even higher .
If the euro were fully ready for prime time , we might well be seeing it 's dollar exchange rate jump to over 2.00 , and not just to 1.65 or 1.70 , as it seems poised to do anyway .
US municipal bonds are already trading at huge risk premia , and the first big government default has n't even hit yet .
There is no cause for the US to place any significant new restrictions on sovereign investments in the US beyond those that it already has on trade .
World leaders should be happy that the IMF stands ready to take the lead in the next phase of the global financial crisis , even if its lending resources of approximately $ 250 billion are inadequate to stem the current run on emerging markets .
In principle , the IMF could be allowed to print money -LRB- it already has its own accounting unit , the so-called Special Drawing Rights -RRB- .
Without directly acknowledging America 's central role in causing the financial crisis , the US Federal Reserve has already offered to exchange up to $ 30 billion each with the central banks of Korea , Brazil , Mexico and Singapore .
The yen and dollar are also being bolstered as central banks elsewhere continue to cut interest rates towards zero , territory that the yen and dollar policy rates already occupy .
As for the yen , it , too , will suffer from the continuing rise in Japan 's public debt levels , which are already among the highest in the world .
We already have a full-blown global recession .
Central banks are already cutting interest rates left and right .
Policy interest rates around the world are likely to head toward zero ; the United States and Japan are already there . The United Kingdom and the euro zone will eventually decide to go most of the way .
Many banks have already acknowledged their open-ended losses in residential mortgages .
Simply put , it is far from clear that marginal infrastructure projects are worth building , given that China is already investing more than 45 % of its income , much of it in infrastructure .
Sharply raising the government 's already outsized profile in the economy will upset this delicate balance leading to slower growth in the future .
Italy , for example with a debt-to-income ratio already exceeding 100 % , has been able to manage so far thanks to falling global rates .
It already has more than $ 2 trillion .
Cheap money from abroad juiced an already fragile financial regulatory and supervisory structure that needed discipline more than cash .
We have certainly seen that this time , with crisis countries ' debt already having risen by more than 75 % since 2007 .
Greece 's underground economy , estimated to be as large as 30 % of GDP , is already one of Europe 's biggest , and it is growing by the day .
Several large Eastern European countries , including Hungary , Romania , and Ukraine , already have substantial IMF loan programs .
Ukraine is already struggling .
The finance industry already is warning that new regulation may overshoot -- that is , have the unintended effect of sharply impeding growth .
Already stressed by extraordinarily high rates of unemployment , twenty-somethings are now awakening to the fact that their country 's growth model -- the one they are dreaming to be a part of -- is , in fact , completely unsustainable , whatever their political leaders tell them .
At the dawn of the 1990 's , Japan 's dominance in export markets worldwide had already been dented somewhat by the rise of its smaller Asian neighbors , including Malaysia , Korea , Thailand , and Singapore .
As for fiscal policy , it is already in high gear and needs gradual tightening over several years , lest already troubling government-debt levels deteriorate even faster .
First , total public-sector debt -LRB- including state and local debt -RRB- is already nearing the 119 % - of-GDP peak reached after World War II .
By some measures , nearly half of all Americans do not pay any income tax already , so cutting taxes skews an already very unequal income distribution .
Colombian goods already enjoy virtual free entry to the US market , while Colombian consumers would benefit enormously if their country were to reciprocate by opening its markets to US goods and services .
The Portuguese rightly argue that their situation is not as dire as that of Greece , which is already in the economic equivalent of intensive care .
Already facing sluggish growth before fiscal austerity set in , the so-called `` PIGS '' -LRB- Portugal , Ireland , Greece , and Spain -RRB- face the prospect of a `` lost decade '' much as Latin America experienced in the 1980 's .
For one thing , its purchasing power is already scraping along at a fairly low level globally -- indeed , near an all-time low , according to the Fed 's broad dollar exchange-rate index .
Countries such as Brazil already have such high levels of transfer payments from rich to poor that further moves would undermine fiscal stability and anti-inflation credibility .
Concerns about the impact of income inequality are already constraining fiscal and monetary policy in developed and developing countries alike as they attempt to extricate themselves from the hyper-stimulative policies adopted during the financial crisis .
The Fed , of course , has been forced to turn to `` QE , '' as traders call it , because its normal tool for fine-tuning inflation and growth , the overnight interest rate , is already zero .
Indeed , there is already reason enough for them to be nervous : after all , the Fed 's epic easing of financial conditions must eventually be followed by exceptionally painful tightening .
Will the economy be ready when the time comes ?
CAMBRIDGE -- Europe is already in pickle , so why not add more vinegar ?
Perhaps officials noticed that virtually everything in Europe is already heavily taxed .
EU `` Foreign Minister '' Javier Solana has already been there , and returned bullish on future transatlantic cooperation .
By breaking the Pact 's ban on fiscal deficits exceeding 3 % of GDP , France and Germany undermined this limit as a key criterion for determining whether countries are ready for eurozone membership .
Indeed , in September 2003 , the three `` reference '' countries would have been Lithuania , Poland , and the Czech Republic , were they already members of the EU -LRB- they join in May -RRB- .
Russia , therefore , should apply two fundamental principles that it has already accepted in several declarations .
Further falls in commodity prices -- already down 30 % from their summer peak -- will add to these deflationary pressures .
Indeed , since then , the write-downs by US banks have already passed the $ 1 trillion mark -LRB- my floor estimate of losses -RRB- , and institutions such as the IMF and Goldman Sachs now predict losses of more than $ 2 trillion .
But if you think that the $ 2 trillion figure is already huge , the latest estimates by my research consultancy RGE Monitor suggest that total losses on loans made by US financial firms and the fall in the market value of the assets they hold -LRB- things like mortgage-backed securities -RRB- will peak at about $ 3.6 trillion .
Even so , the optimists who spoke last year of a soft landing or a mild `` V-shaped '' eight-month recession were proven wrong , while those who argued that this would be a longer and more severe `` U-shaped '' 24-month recession -- the US downturn is already in its 18th month -- were correct .
While America 's official unemployment rate is already 10.2 % , the figure jumps to a whopping 17.5 % when discouraged workers and partially employed workers are included .
Sovereign spreads are already pricing the risk of a domino effect from Greece to Spain , Portugal , and other euro-zone members .
Bond-market vigilantes already have taken aim at Greece , Spain , Portugal , the United Kingdom , Ireland , and Iceland , pushing government bond yields higher .
On the other hand , if policymakers maintain the stimulus for too long , runaway fiscal deficits may lead to a sovereign debt crisis -LRB- markets are already punishing fiscally undisciplined countries with larger sovereign spreads -RRB- .
The global slowdown -- already evident in second-quarter data for 2010 -- will accelerate in the second half of the year .
In the US , annual growth was already below trend in the first half of 2010 -LRB- 2.7 % in the first quarter and estimated at a mediocre 2.2 % in April-June -RRB- .
With deflating housing bubbles , high oil prices , and a strong euro already impeding growth , the ECB is virtually ensuring a sharp euro-zone slowdown .
The Europeans have thus already started verbal currency intervention and may soon be forced to make it formal .
The BoJ has already announced it , the Bank of England -LRB- BoE -RRB- is likely to do so soon , and the Fed will certainly announce it at its November meeting .
Expectations of aggressive QE by the Fed have already weakened the dollar and raised serious concerns in Europe , emerging markets , and Japan .
This is effective in stemming upward exchange-rate pressure , but it feeds the beast : it exacerbates overheating in already fast-growing emerging markets , causing inflation and leading to excessive credit growth , which can fuel dangerous asset bubbles .
Then , distressed sovereigns that had already lost market access -- Greece and Ireland -- were bailed out by the International Monetary Fund and the European Union .
In Ireland and Spain , transferring the banking system 's huge losses to the government 's balance sheet -- on top of already-escalating public debt -- will eventually lead to sovereign insolvency .
And Japan is already slipping back into recession because of the earthquake .
All of these economies were already growing anemically and below trend , as the ongoing process of deleveraging required a slowdown of public and private spending in order to increase saving rates and reduce debts .
Public debt is already high , and many sovereigns are near distress , so governments ' ability to backstop their banks via more bailouts , guarantees , and ring-fencing of questionable assets is severely constrained .
Already , $ 2.2 trillion of wealth has been wiped out , and about eight million households have negative equity : their homes ' are worth less than their mortgages .
Many European economies are already slowing , with some entering recession .
This plebiscite marks the latest stage in a bitter campaign to unseat a president who has already survived a coup , a two-month general strike , and a previous attempt to force a vote on his leadership .
But , no matter what happens , the battle between Chávez and the opposition has already tested - and will continue to test - the strength of Venezuela 's democracy .
Work on its renewal is due to start now , with the completed project ready in 2013 .
Given decades of repressive rule , and tens of thousands of disappeared Iraqis , there are already endemic problems of verification .
The domestic political and legal culture was still not ready to face squarely the ghosts of the authoritarian past .
Small right-wing parties in his coalition have already announced that his determination to do so will make them walk out of the government .
And Peres is ready to do so .
But convinced - as are most Israelis - that there is no Palestinian partner ready to negotiate seriously and implement its promises , the prime minister wants to prepare for an extended interim period .
A secondary intention is to show the world that Israel is ready to withdraw from most of the remaining territories it captured in 1967 in exchange for real peace .
Already , the reform movement has changed the debate in the Arab world , but it still faces a long road ahead .
But these groups have already become a major contender in the Arab world 's battle of ideas .
From the left comes the idea that , in return for full peace , Israel is ready to withdraw from most of the territory captured in 1967 and accept a Palestinian state .
A little over three years ago , al-Qaeda was already a growing danger .
Libya has gone from being a nation that sponsored terrorists , and secretly sought nuclear capability , to one that renounced its illegal weapons programs , and now says it is ready to re-enter the community of civilized nations .
Indeed , America 's own Millennium Challenge Account has already recognized such African countries for their strong governance .
Africa is ready to break out of poverty if the US and other rich countries help .
Every time the US reiterates its refusal to set a deadline for withdrawal , it simply stokes political opposition , not to mention the insurgency . There are too many Iraqis ready to fight and die to oppose the American presence .
He has proven to be one of America 's least knowledgeable presidents when it comes to science -- and one of the most ready to turn science into a political issue .
The second response to climate change , called `` adaptation , '' requires that we ready ourselves for the climate change now underway and the increased climate change to come in future years .
Second , US and European threats to cut off aid or impose sanctions are in any case far too weak to accomplish much besides undermining already unstable and impoverished countries .
In my work throughout the world , as an economist and development practitioner , I find that the vast majority of individuals and political leaders of all religions , races , and creeds are ready to work together to achieve the shared goals of prosperity and wellbeing for their children .
The overthrow of Saddam was the longstanding pet idea of the neoconservative Project for a New American Century , which was already arguing in the 1990 's that Saddam was likely to achieve a stranglehold over `` a significant proportion of the world 's oil supplies . ''
It is already inexpensive , but it is a solid rather than a liquid , a major pollutant , and a source of greenhouse gas emissions .
Gasification of coal allows for the removal of dangerous pollutants , and coal can already be converted to gasoline at low cost ; a South African company is beginning to bring that technology to China on a large scale .
Importantly , there is already broad agreement on a set of shared goals .
One of these species , orange roughy , has been caught commercially for only around a quarter-century , but already is being fished to the point of collapse .
African countries have already identified their high-priority investments in health , education , agriculture , and infrastructure -LRB- including roads , power , and internet connectivity -RRB- .
The plans are already on the table , or at least on the shelf , waiting for the G-8 funding to arrive .
And the African leaders already know that this is not an empty boast .
Third , we must help countries adapt to the climate change that is already occurring and that will intensify in the future .
According to detailed evidence submitted by the opposition , the tallies from the countryside , allegedly already padded for Kibaki , were again manipulated , with additional votes awarded to him .
Threats , sanctions , or aid cutoffs would only cause further damage to an economy already in free fall , tragically punishing Kenya 's poor while fomenting further violence .
Yet the technologies are not yet ready , and we ca n't simply wait for the market to deliver them , because they require complex changes in public policy to ensure that they are safe , reliable , and acceptable to the broad public .
The key CCS technologies have already been developed ; it is time to move from engineering blueprints to real demonstration power plants .
Hundreds of millions of poor people , who already spend a large share of their daily budget on food , are being pushed to the edge .
Worldwide economic growth is already slowing under the pressures of $ 135-per-barrel oil and grain prices that have more than doubled in the past year .
First , history has already shown how resource constraints can hinder global economic growth .
Third , we have already used up many of the low-cost options that were once available .
The plans are detailed , thoughtful , credible , and based on proven successes that the government has already achieved .
For example , Pakistan , an already arid country , will suffer under the pressures of a rapidly rising population , which has grown from 42 million in 1950 to 184 million in 2010 , and may increase further to 335 million in 2050 , according to the UN 's `` medium '' scenario .
Addressing the problem of climate change requires reducing emissions of carbon dioxide from fossil fuels , which in turn involves choices in technology , some of which already exists and much of which needs to be developed .
India , long feared to be a spoiler , has said that it is ready to adopt a significant national action plan to move towards a trajectory of sustainable energy .
An already bad situation marked by deadlock and vitriol is likely to worsen , and the world should not expect much leadership from a bitterly divided United States .
What passes for American political debate is a contest between the parties to give bigger promises to the middle class , mainly in the form of budget-busting tax cuts at a time when the fiscal deficit is already more than 10 % of GDP .
Their leaders in Congress are already declaring that they will slash public spending in order to begin reducing the deficit .
There is already talk that Obama will raise $ 1 billion or more for his re-election campaign .
Is America really going to cut health benefits and retirement income ? Will it really balance the budget by slashing education spending at a time when US students already are being out-performed by their Asian counterparts ?
He is always ready to serve the interests of the rich and powerful , with no line in the sand , no limit to `` compromise . ''
Even today , the weight of the world economy is already crushing nature , rapidly depleting the supplies of fossil-fuel energy resources that nature created over millions of years , while the resulting climate change has led to massive instabilities in terms of rainfall , temperature , and extreme storms .
Third , the region is already living in extreme poverty , so adverse shocks push it toward calamity .
With Japan already in recession , the Bank of Japan should take even more aggressive action , selling enough yen to prevent any further appreciation of the currency . -LRB- The yen should be weaker than 120 yen per dollar -RRB- .
The agreements in November suggest that most of the world shares such hopes , and is ready to commit political resources into the success of the process .
The substantial benefits of donor aid for health have already been demonstrated .
Yet with the richest countries richer than ever before , and with much of the developing world already escaped from the horrors of extreme poverty , the balance has shifted in favor of ending global poverty .
Like many other tyrants , he seems ready to do anything to extend his 22 years in power , including resorting to violence and rigging elections .
No country is ready to cede political sovereignty to outside powers or electoral monitors .
Many countries already have such limits .
It is putting forward economically and politically impossible recommendations , telling Argentina to cut public services to the extreme , when schools and hospitals are already on the verge of collapse .
Such uncertainties are already visible .
America 's people have never been told about the huge financial and political burdens that lie ahead , and they are not ready to bear them .
Already the US is facing huge fiscal deficits and a squeeze on popular programs , even before the costs of war and its aftermath are taken into account .
Myanmar has already paid an extremely high price for its isolation .
Many American voices are already saying that , whether or not the war in Iraq was a good idea , the US -LRB- and the UN -RRB- must now stay , to preserve national honor and to show that the US will not be scared away by terrorism .
If the Middle East is already at a breaking point , imagine what could happen if competition for Middle East oil intensifies among America , Europe , China , India , Japan , and others .
Chemical processes already exist , for example , to convert coal into gasoline .
The descent into barbarism generally occurs in the midst of economic crisis or when localized violence has already flared .
The big development success stories are places like Shanghai , port cities with ready access to world markets .
In recent weeks , many European countries have pledged to honor the 0.7 % commitment , and five European countries -LRB- Denmark , Luxembourg , the Netherlands , Norway , and Sweden -RRB- already do so .
While adaptation to climate change is necessary -- because it is already occurring -- this is not enough .
Many remarkable philanthropists , such as Bill Gates , are already leading the way .
Flooding in Europe is likely to intensify , a process that may already have begun .
Sea levels are rising , and could climb sharply if global warming leads to a destabilization of the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets . In short , the scientific evidence is strong and growing that the planet is at grave risk , with many ill effects already being felt and more to come .
Debates about reproductive freedom and `` cosmetic '' enhancements -- such as the use of growth hormone to `` treat '' short stature -- already occupy the news .
In Iraq , some of these steps have already been taken .
The rapid Shiite rise has already turned into a sectarian civil war in Iraq and recently has threatened to generate the same outcome in Lebanon .
Although the March 14 coalition already controlled Parliament , its majority had been repeatedly attacked as the result of a severely skewed election law .
Relaxing the one-child policy might have some positive impact in the very long run , but China is already past the tipping point , pushed there by the combined effect of gender imbalance and a very skewed age structure .
Germany , Japan , and Russia already have declining workforces .
The EU must continue to insist that Russia ratify it , stipulating that Russia is already bound by its terms .
Statements similar to Shuvalov 's have already been made , and more can be expected .
One quote from Surkov that day is particularly telling : `` Make ready for the elections , train your brains and muscles .
This suggests that a reevaluation of the costs and benefits of FDI was already underway , led , interestingly enough , by developed countries , which in the past had championed liberalization of entry and operational conditions for foreign investors and their protection under international law .
The revaluation effect would be reinforced by rising wage pressures inside China , which are already leading some labor-intensive Chinese firms to invest abroad -LRB- there are more than 700 Chinese affiliates in Vietnam alone -RRB- . Some of these firms have been weighing whether to move production abroad or to inland provinces of China ; revaluation could push them in the former direction .
Fertility reductions in the richer parts of the world have already brought population growth rates close to zero .
Rich economies are already challenged by this decline , and so are scrambling to meet the insatiable demands of public pension and health care systems , which causes their fiscal balances to deteriorate .
Already , world-class American and emerging-market companies are investing in Liberia .
Already the 200,000-member Federation of Labor Unions has joined the opposition bandwagon , and Siniora 's proposals will further fuel grassroots populist nationalism .
The NATO Response Force will soon achieve its initial operational capability , and our new Multinational Defense Battalion to deal with chemical , biological , radiological and nuclear threats is already fully operational - all ideas proposed by the United States , and implemented rapidly by the alliance .
Fifth , NATO enlargement and partnership . Although the Istanbul summit was the first to include NATO 's seven new member countries-Bulgaria , Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania , Romania , Slovakia , and Slovenia-we gave a strong signal that the door remains open , and encouraged those who want to join to continue pursuing the reforms needed to make themselves ready for membership .
Several members of the Gulf Cooperation Council have already expressed an interest in working together with NATO , so we are off to a good start .
NATO and its members are already providing the essential security Afghanistan needs in order to make its aspirations for self-sustaining peace and prosperity a reality .
Already , the Alliance is developing a deeper political dialogue and more practical cooperation with the countries of North Africa , Israel and Jordan , and opening up a discussion with the Gulf States .
Although hardly democrats , President Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao already are expending large of amounts of time and resources on divisive social problems in the countryside , where Mao 's revolution started , but where income growth has lagged .
Interbank relationships , as well as investment-banking operations , are already highly international .
And , at least until a certain stage of growth , economies of scale and scope beckon , with expansion abroad often the only way to increase size , given already-saturated domestic markets .
Several national networks and consortia have already developed models for estimating the breast cancer risk in women with a positive family history .
His campaign has already helped to reduce the incidence of malaria .
It is no exaggeration to say that a large majority of member states and their citizens has already expressed its wish for this vision of the EU by voting for the Constitutional Treaty .
If not all the EU 's members are ready to take this path , flexible solutions of the sort that have been a feature of European compromise in the past may be needed .
Quite a few of them are already back at the table gambling away with the taxpayer 's money and peddling their new `` financial products '' ; they know that when the next crash comes , the taxpayer will have no choice but to bail them out again .
The judge refused without comment requests by the defense to remove the cage and to replace one of the prosecutors , who had already been a prosecuting counsel during the first trial .
The very existence of our Union , and particularly of the euro , has already helped to prevent the competitive devaluations and beggar-thy-neighbor policies that ravaged Europe during the 1930 's -- the last time the continent faced so brutal an economic downturn .
Overall , there are two conflicting images of Islam : a peaceful Islam , which is ready for dialogue and coexistence , and a fundamentalist Islam , which is militant and even terrorist .
Taiwan has already done so .
China 's people have long been ready for this .
But Chen 's legacy was already in tatters .
From 2001 when Thaksin first became prime minister , to 2007 under military rule , Thailand 's corruption ranking plunged from an already low 61 to 84 , which puts the country in the same league as Gabon and Swaziland , two countries notorious for violent and corrupt leaders who routinely trample on their citizens ' rights .
In several key sectors such as financial services and retail , China is already more open than Thailand .
Both Wall Street 's chieftains and the Obama administration already knew the truth .
As taxpayers had already put huge sums into rescuing failing banks , with the prospect of more to come , a transparent process to reveal how the money was being used was imperative .
HONG KONG -- With world leaders meeting at the end of this week at the G-20 summit in Cannes , France , the next economic minefield that they will face is already coming into view .
This view is already conventional wisdom , not only in America , but in Europe as well .
Most non-Chinese would be surprised to learn that the country already holds more elections than any other in the world .
Competitive elections for lower-level party posts have already been held , with votes for provincial and national party congresses showing electoral slates with 15-30 % more candidates than positions .
Rapid change in China already has resulted in a battle of ideas , pitting the coasts and cities against the countryside and inland provinces , and the rich against the poor .
Indeed , scientists in a number of countries , some with past scientific glories , may already recognize this malady in their own institutions today .
Australia 's central bank has already been raising rates since May 2002 , and Great Britain 's since November 2003 .
High home prices are already putting great stress on many families , which are struggling to make their mortgage payments .
In the first six months of 2004 , there were already 1208 stories .
Many companies are already involved in offering improved weather insurance to poor farmers , with notable successes from ICICI Lombard and BASIX in India , and from the International Finance Corporation and the insurance company Credo Classic in Ukraine .
With over 20 million Mexicans in the US already , and with Hispanic voters so potent a political force that President Bush makes a show of speaking Spanish , that commitment appears genuine .
Conspicuous consumption becomes less important when people already know your income .
But the boom generated by such beliefs can not go on forever , because prices ca n't go up forever , and there are already signs of a hard landing .
The term `` global village '' was first popularized in the late 1960 's by Canadian communications maven Marshall McLuhan in response to the already powerful communications media of that day .
Many people view the superstar city theory as confirming their hunch that , despite the current slowdown in home prices elsewhere -LRB- particularly in the United States -RRB- , investors can expect to make huge long-term gains by buying homes in these cities , even though the homes there are already expensive .
This may mean that buyers will not allow prices to rise like last time , but it could also mean that owners will be more ready to exit from the market .
But if that is what the term `` awash with liquidity '' means , then its widespread use today is simply a reflection of the high asset prices that we already have .
Big drops get their attention , and this primes some people to be attentive for them in the future , and to be ready to sell if another one comes .
There seems to be a general recognition of substantial downside risk , as the current credit crisis seems to be related to the decline in US home prices that we have already seen .
The unusually low real funds rate came after the US housing boom was already well underway .
According to the Standard & Poor 's \/ Case-Shiller US National Home Price Index , home prices were already rising at almost 10 % a year in 2000 -- a time when the Fed was raising the federal funds rate , which peaked at 6.5 % .
Mayhew concluded that it is rather difficult to tell whether derivative markets worsen financial-market volatility , because their creation tends to come when existing financial markets already are more volatile , or can be predicted to become so .
Despite scientific critics of the Club of Rome 's methods , the public was ready to believe the dire forecast .
Such insurance already exists on a small scale in the form of credit insurance against unemployment .
Indeed , some people are already starting to salivate at the speculative possibilities of buying homes in currently depressed markets .
Snow echoed his boss . `` The American economy is coiled like a spring and ready to go , '' he chirped in 2003 .
In the US and the UK , yields on intermediate-term -LRB- 5-year -RRB- inflation-indexed bonds are already actually negative this year .
Significant drops in consumer-confidence indices in Europe and North America already reflect this perverse dynamic .
In Pakistan , the Afghan government already has a big , splintered , and nearly ungovernable neighbor .
But the opaque nature of the deal may further weaken America 's already wobbly standing in Kyrgyzstan , where the contract has been cast as a source of corruption that padded the bank accounts of two successive dictators .
But Tereshkova 's dream about travel to Mars is not just suicidal nostalgia for a time when she was young and surrounded by people who were ready to sacrifice their lives for a greater cause .
It may not yet be ready to embark on a full-fledged policy of `` containment , '' but in the wake of the dismemberment of Georgia -- and with Russia claiming a zone of `` privileged influence '' throughout the former Soviet world -- China clearly views Russia as an emerging strategic threat .
Zakaev looked ready to accept the proposal .
On top of this $ 80 billion gap , developing countries will need another $ 30 billion per year to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions from the power sector alone and get on a low-carbon development path , and $ 10-40 billion dollars more per year to adapt to the already inevitable impact of climate change .
Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said his country is ready to look into the possibility of creating a new financial mechanism , with substantial funds for the relatively long - term , to help developing countries halt global warming .
Serious , exemplary work has already been done to outline local , national , and global solutions .
I told them that we considered the TNC to be our new legitimate political interlocutors in Libya and were ready to support them , but that in return we expected the TNC to work towards the best standards of transparent democratic government .
Poland is ready to lead the way , on its own and as EU President .
But the pound had already suffered irreparable damage .
For example , the need to adapt the operation of the European Central Bank to a policy of development for Europe , as laid out by the Ecofin Council , is already apparent . The EMU is evidence of that .
The gap between rich and poor , already a challenge to our ideas of social justice , will become a chasm that mere equality of opportunity will be powerless to bridge .
Diana might have had a better life in the US , where people and the media are more ready to accept good intentions at face value .
No Diseases for Old Men PRINCETON -- Pneumonia used to be called `` the old man 's friend '' because it often brought a fairly swift and painless end to a life that was already of poor quality and would otherwise have continued to decline .
Obama 's Global Ethical Challenges PRINCETON -- The astonishing story of Barack Obama 's election as president has already done much to restore America 's global image .
Yet Michelle Duggar was named `` Young Mother of the Year '' in Arkansas in 2004 , when she had already given birth to 14 children .
In the newspaper Le Figaro , a section on how to scale back one 's expenses predicted a `` revolution in values '' and claimed that people will put family ahead of work . -LRB- Americans think the French , with their shorter working hours and longer summer vacations , already put family ahead of work . -RRB-
The French have always been less likely to go into debt -- when they pay with plastic , they tend to use debit cards , drawing on funds they already have , rather than credit cards .
Other governments have already spent tens of millions on vaccines and other preventive measures .
But if we have already made that decision , why do n't we just do it ?
Once we abandon arguments based on potential , the claim that it is wrong to kill embryos and fetuses must be based on the nature of those entities themselves -- that they are actual human beings who already possess the characteristics that make killing wrong .
By then , however , the news was already widely dispersed .
He has been criticized for the fact that the research was funded by Synthetic Genomics , a company that he cofounded , which will hold the intellectual property rights resulting from the research -- and has already filed for 13 patents related to it .
The Australian batsman Adam Gilchrist `` walked '' in the 2003 World Cup semi-final against Sri Lanka , although the umpire had already declared him not out .
Others , including President Barack Obama , have said that the documents `` do n't reveal any issues that have n't already informed our public debate on Afghanistan . ''
Wikileaks also asserts that its leaks have already been the catalyst for `` hundreds of reforms , '' and that '' -LRB- o -RRB- pen governance is the most effective method of promoting good governance . ''
Although Wikileaks says it has withheld an additional 15,000 documents on the Afghan war in order to remove names and other means of identifying individuals who might be placed at risk , the Times of London revealed that in some cases sufficient identifying details were in the documents already released .
Another time , when our path took us by a tranquil stream , I saw a man sitting and watching his line , seemingly at peace with the world , while next to him , fish he had already caught were flapping helplessly and gasping in the air .
That meant that progress already made could contribute to the achievement of the goal .
That is why , by the end of January , most people have already abandoned their New Year 's resolutions .
Many of us had already reached that conclusion .
It has already outlawed keeping veal calves in individual stalls , and , in six months , it will be illegal in all 27 EU countries , from Portugal to Poland and from Britain to Greece , to keep laying hens in the bare-wire cages that today dominate the egg industry around the world .
Senator John McCain , another leading Republican , though one often ready to disagree with Bush , expressed regret for the civilian deaths , but added , `` I ca n't tell you that we would n't do the same thing again . ''
Drug trafficking , money laundering and economic crimes are areas where the two countries are already working together , for there is now greater understanding of their respective positions , and also shared interests , on these issues .
Sure , it would be better if all countries curtailed their emissions , but it is already a great help if at least some countries do so .
Germany has already contributed three-quarters of the aggregate EU-wide reductions of CO2 emission from 1990 to 2008-2012 to which the EU committed in the Kyoto protocol .
Future generations already bear an excessive pension burden in all European countries .
He is right in principle in demanding a major economic stimulus package from the German government that goes beyond the ¤ 35 billion already planned .
The Federal funds rate in the US is practically zero , and the European Central Bank 's main refinancing rate , already at an all-time low of 2 % , will likely fall further in the coming months .
But this impression is deceptive , since the German state , through the built-in flexibility of its extensive social-welfare system , already contributes to stabilizing the world economy .
It may be difficult for China to ever match the success of a small Asian country like Singapore , which has already overtaken the US in terms of GDP per capita as measured by purchasing power parity .
After euro banknotes with Greek motifs had already been printed and distributed , Eurostat , Europe 's statistics agency , reported that Greece 's deficit had actually been 3.3 % of GDP in 1999 .
Thus , only bilateral help seems possible , perhaps coordinated by the EU and coupled with strong supervision of the Greek budget and Greece 's statistical office . The Greek statistical office has already been severed from the government , and Eurostat will have the right to oversee Greece 's official statistics directly .
According to the German Constitution , the German states -LRB- or Länder -RRB- will not be permitted any budget deficit after 2020 , and must already pursue fiscal consolidation in order to meet that goal .
In addition to the ¤ 80 billion program already agreed for Greece , the European Union countries agreed on a ¤ 500 billion credit line for other distressed countries .
But no matter , Greece was already in -- and willing and able to take its fellow EU members hostage .
By the end of last year , the aggregate stock of central-bank money in the euro area was ¤ 1.07 trillion euros , and ¤ 380 billion euros was already absorbed by ECB credit to the GIPS .
Indeed , Deutsche Bank has already stopped participating in refinancing operations .
The ECB 's shifting of refinancing credit via the Target system has therefore already hit the limit , three years earlier than the trend of the past three years would have suggested .
Astonishingly , many interpret Germany 's export boom and current-account surplus , which measures these capital exports , as an indicator of the strength of Germany as an investment location . But , according to the Bundesbank , net investment abroad -LRB- including financial investment -RRB- has already roughly matched domestic investment in recent years .
Most countries have already changed their immigration laws , or have promised to do so before the deadline .
However , this prohibition does not apply to people who are self-employed or not working . Such people already enjoy full freedom of free migration today .
Western Europe has already experienced three decades of indirect migration into the welfare state , as social benefits have created artificially high wages for the unskilled , simultaneously fueling excessive immigration and unemployment .
Foreign investment is already at its nadir , due to the lingering political crisis following the fall of the Suharto dictatorship , and to doubts about the soundness of the country 's institutional and legal capacity .
The first message will resonate with those who believe that a key lesson of the Asian crisis a decade ago is that countries opened themselves to certain types of flows -- especially foreign currency debt -- before they were ready .
Of more pressing immediate concern is the fact that capital is currently flowing to many countries regardless of whether they are ready to receive it .
But is everyone really ready to receive such large amounts of capital and to carefully manage its macroeconomic impact ?
The Americans have already committed 8,000 extra troops for next year .
Both Barack Obama and John McCain advocate increasing troop levels in Afghanistan above the levels that the Bush administration has already pledged .
In a complete affront to economic theory , the little capital there is in Africa is fleeing the continent to be invested in already capital-rich societies .
Regional integration has featured prominently only in the last 50 years in Europe , but it has already resulted in a host of political and economic benefits to Europeans .
Indeed , investment banks like Goldman Sachs and Barclays Capital are already inventing new types of securities to reduce the capital cost of holding risky assets .
Second , it is too early to scale down the stimulus , as Japan and the US seem ready to do .
But , until recently , it was assumed that persons appointed to advise the sovereign were already of sufficient honesty and integrity to do so .
Revelations about such behavior has already forced over 100 legislators out of public life .
They also assume that governments will have to the courage to back them as their opponents accuse them of socialism and crimes against freedom , innovation , dynamism , and so on . In fact , this chorus of abuse has already started , led by Goldman Sachs Chairman Lloyd Blankfein .
But it does not necessitate a decision to have dinner or to buy a pair of boots a week hence ... Thus it depresses the business of preparing today 's dinner without stimulating the business of making ready for some future act of consumption . ''
But real interest rates on long-term government debt in the US , Japan , Germany , and the United Kingdom are already close to zero .
But , because there were insufficient outlets for `` real '' investment in countries that already had all the capital they could use , cheap money proved to be a dysfunctional way of dealing with the problem of excess saving .
And , amid talk of the `` risks '' of new currency and trade wars , such wars have already begun .
Now , when we already have all the wealth we need , we are right to wonder whether the costs of capitalism are worth incurring .
The dishonoring of greed is likely only in those countries whose citizens already have more than they need .
This was already happening before the Great Recession , so generating full-time jobs that pay decent wages was becoming ever more difficult .
Moreover , no one can predict the discovery of new knowledge ; if they could , it would already have been discovered .
Both are `` scientific , '' but their structure is the same as that of the Biblical story of the Flood : human wickedness -LRB- in today 's case , unbridled materialism -RRB- triggers the disastrous sequence , which it may already be too late to avert .
Perhaps we should be looking to China and India for answers about how to address environmental damage , instead of using climate change as a pretext to deprive them of what we already have .
The world already has a peace-maintaining institution .
The world also already has a prosperity-spreading mechanism . It is called trade .
Russia consistently refuses to allow Western companies the same access to Russian facilities that Russian state energy companies already enjoy in Europe and the United States .
Europe , for its part , must not only show that it feels responsible for the world , but that it is ready and willing to act accordingly by contributing in a significant way to reconstructing Iraq .
Is Europe really ready to undertake such an effort if its wish for a Kerry victory comes true ?
Protests against the US-led coalition 's bombing campaign had roiled Indonesia for weeks , increasing the country 's already perilous instability .
We are better targeting our external assistance and capacity building programs , and we are ready to use our trade and economic muscle , when necessary , by demanding counter-terrorism clauses in bilateral treaties .
The European Arrest Warrant is already producing concrete results , and we are moving towards the `` free movement of judicial decisions '' in the EU , through which judicial decisions - such as arrest and surrender of suspects , confiscation , and freezing of assets - will be mutually recognized .
As a member of the International Quartet , the EU is deeply engaged at diplomatic level in the Middle East Peace Process and the moment an agreement is reached between the Israelis and Palestinians we will be ready to help implement it on the ground .
We already have a mission in the West Bank helping to build up the Palestinian civil police and criminal justice system .
In Somalia , we are considering security-sector reform measures to complement EUNAVFOR Somalia and the humanitarian aid and political support that we are already providing .
Likewise , the joint expeditionary forces established under the treaties could lead to the eventual creation of a wider structure , as they already contemplate `` bilateral cooperation with NATO , the European Union , the United Nations , or other operations . ''
We have already opened 19 chapters -- fewer than we would like .
Japan is now ready to reconnect with its own tradition of social harmony and zero growth .
The French are thus more ready to believe in the cultural diversity of nations than in the universality of democracy .
But his policies have already caused severe unintended consequences .
Some good proposals have already surfaced , including one from the major sponsors of the current campaign finance legislation .
The European Commission is already engaged in preparing such plans . They need to be given greater substance .
The `` accountability moment '' has passed , he claims , and he is ready to confront tyranny throughout the world according to his own lights .
The EU already possesses ample resources to make an impact on the world stage :
They have the money already . It is lying idle in their reserve accounts at the International Monetary Fund .
It has already been designated to be used for the benefit of the least developed countries .
There have been mass protests and resistance from the old guard of the governing party , but the general public seems ready to accept austerity as long as it sees progress in correcting budgetary abuses -- and there are plenty of abuses to allow progress .
China expert Michael Pettis has shown that consumption as a percentage of Chinese GDP has fallen from an already low 46 % in 2000 to 35.6 % in 2009 .
China has already developed an elaborate mechanism for building consensus at home .
Their partnership has already been joined by Australia , and others will soon follow .
Worried neighbors are likely to seek protection under the wings of the American eagle , reinforcing the US military budget , which is already oversized .
The United States has already passed legislation requiring public disclosure of payments to governments , through the 2010 Dodd-Frank law .
But , in the meantime , governments can call upon the European Central Bank , which the eurozone member states already fully guarantee on a pro rata basis .
This has already happened , although it is not yet acknowledged .
The change in IMF policies would have been successful in preventing a recurrence of the emerging market boom but it has already created a problem which works in the opposite direction : the high cost and unavailability of capital is itself a new form of financial contagion .
As for what has already been achieved , some measures deserve unqualified praise .
The IMF is already playing a constructive role in Europe in cooperation with the EU , and its leadership is rebuilding relations with Asia .
Indeed , these countries are already experiencing large relative price increases for food and oil , a food emergency for the poor , and higher rates of inflation induced by commodity price shifts .
This was and is the result of an asset bubble fueled by excessive leverage and by the massive transparency issues associated with complex securities and derivatives that were supposed to spread risk , but instead mainly increased the systemic risk already present with excess debt .
Growth in exports could come with further expansion in parts of the value-added chains where the US is already competitive -LRB- finance , insurance , and computer systems design , for example -RRB- .
With high unemployment in many parts of the labor market , downward pressure on wages will further exacerbate the country 's already skewed income-distribution .
So reckoning with the country 's global impact has been added to an already complex policy agenda , at a point when most countries have the luxury of maintaining a largely domestic focus .
With a per capita income of around $ 4000 -LRB- more with purchasing power adjustments -RRB- , important parts of China 's economy are already , or are now entering , middle-income status .
Only in true balance-of-payments crises should the IMF stand ready to provide limited temporary financial assistance to member countries , thereby encouraging their own policy adjustments and signaling this commitment to the markets .
Indeed , the implementation of the Multilateral Debt Relief initiated by the G-8 already provides an unprecedented opportunity to complete the process of debt relief for a large number of low-income countries .
We have already seen the liquidity intended to boost US bank lending instead leak through the cracks into markets as diverse as agricultural commodities , metals , and poor-country debt .
China is already a top carbon dioxide emitter .
Most SSA countries attained national independence some time after the end of the Second World War , as the British , French , Belgian , and Portuguese empires unraveled -LRB- Germany had already lost its colonies after 1918 -RRB- .
What about taxpayers , already beleaguered by unprecedented deficits , and with bills still to pay for decaying infrastructure and two wars ?
Many are already turning to the International Monetary Fund for help .
With the government bearing losses , these are distorted prices . Bank losses have already occurred , and their gains must now come at taxpayers ' expense .
When Borlaug received news of the award , at four in the morning , he was already toiling in the Mexican fields , in his never-ending quest to improve agricultural productivity .
The world has also learned some valuable lessons , though at great cost to both current and future prosperity -- costs that were unnecessarily high given that we should already have learned them .
Already heavily burdened taxpayers saw their money -- intended to help banks lend so that the economy could be revived -- go to pay outsized bonuses and dividends .
The consequences of the failure are already apparent : the price of emission rights in the European Union Emission Trading System has fallen , which means that firms will have less incentive to reduce emissions now and less incentive to invest in innovations that will reduce emissions in the future .
But the court of public opinion has already rendered its verdict on the far more relevant question of the ethics of that behavior .
It is already clear , however , that the deficit-reduction agenda , at least in the US , goes further : it is an attempt to weaken social protections , reduce the progressivity of the tax system , and shrink the role and size of government -- all while leaving established interests , like the military-industrial complex , as little affected as possible .
Even though 10 % of US households with mortgages had already lost their homes , the pace of foreclosures appeared to be increasing -- or would have , were it not for legal snafus that raised doubts about America 's vaunted `` rule of law . ''
This medicine failed in East Asia , Latin America , and elsewhere , and it will fail in Europe this time around , too . Indeed , it has already failed in Ireland , Latvia , and Greece .
As America went into battle , with deficits already soaring from his 2001 tax cut , Bush decided to plunge ahead with yet another round of tax `` relief '' for the wealthy .
But mistakes in the early years of those wars complicated that already-difficult battle .
Investors in Enron waited years before discovering that something was amiss . Though sudden and vast , the change in America 's fiscal stance already provides a clear inkling that something was amiss .
Much of that , moreover , includes the usage of munitions that already exist , implying that little or no stimulus will be provided to today 's economy .
But the wait for war adds to uncertainties that already weigh on the American , and the global , economy :
Under such a regime , glimmerings of which can already be seen , attempts to protect our children from tobacco , even with mild measures such as restricting advertising , could be struck down !
For if the oligarchs succeed in keeping their ill-gotten gains , it is not hard to imagine someone like Khodorkovsky -- who was already starting to build a political machine alongside his business empire -- cashing in his Yukos shares , parking his wealth in a safe haven offshore , and using it to manipulate Russian politics .
Tariffs on industrial goods in the advanced countries are already low enough that developing countries are unlikely to receive many benefits -- and they have much to lose from another unfair trade agreement .
In Miami last November , they agreed to a Free Trade Area of the Americas that did not , in fact , provide for free trade , and barely went beyond what had already been agreed within the WTO .
Piling more debt onto Iraq 's already huge obligations will only make matters worse .
This has , indeed , already happened in some developed countries : in the ten years that have passed since the signing of the North American Free Trade Agreement , average real wages in the US have actually declined .
Most importantly , Bush did not ask the hard questions - perhaps because he , like those below him , already knew the answers they wanted .
The ready profits from monopoly can buy influence in high places , if not through bribes , then through big campaign contributions .
Peace will not quickly be restored to Iraq , and it is hard to conceive of opening up a major new front , when America can hardly manage what it has already undertaken .
America 's troubled private pension system -- now several hundred billion dollars in debt -- already appears headed for a government bailout .
At the time , there was already overwhelming evidence of a serious problem that needed to be addressed , and data since then - -- concerning , for example , the rapid melting of the polar ice cap -- have strongly reinforced this conclusion .
Costa Rica , for example , has already shown that a system of paying for the provision of environmental services -LRB- like maintaining natural forests -RRB- can work in ways that preserve the environment and boost the economy .
It presented an opportunity for the Fund to demonstrate that it was ready to move in a new direction , that it was prepared to interact with developing countries in new ways , that the years of the `` Washington Consensus '' would be put in the past .
In short , as Greenspan departs , he leaves behind an American economy burdened with high household and government debt and fragile balance sheets -- a legacy that is already contributing to global financial instability .
In either case , the US government , hamstrung by already-wide deficits , may feel powerless to respond with countercyclical fiscal policy .
Since governments already pay the cost of much drug research directly or indirectly , through prescription benefits , they could finance the prize fund , which would award the biggest prizes for developers of treatments or preventions for costly diseases affecting hundreds of millions of people .
But a global backlash has already developed .
Bush has already demonstrated his lack of judgment .
Record-low interest rates in 2001 , 2002 and 2003 did not lead Americans to invest more -- there was already excess capacity .
The only principle that has some ethical basis is equal emission rights per capita -LRB- with some adjustments -- for instance , the US has already used up its share of the global atmosphere , so it should have fewer emission allowances -RRB- .
Already , 52,000 returning veterans have been diagnosed with Post Traumatic Stress Syndrome .
America will need to provide disability compensation to an estimated 40 % of the 1.65 million troops that have already been deployed .
Not only has America already spent a great deal on this war -- $ 12 billion a month , and counting -- but much of the bill remains to be paid , such as compensation and health care for the 40 % of veterans who are returning with disabilities , many of which are very serious .
Some have already been forced to do so , and many could conceivably be targeted in connection with ongoing campaigns to draw international attention to various human-rights issues ahead of the Olympics .
Nonetheless , where firms or industries are particularly vulnerable to reputational issues , image and ethics could be a significant factor in more marginal business decisions -LRB- particularly with rising costs and tougher labor regulations already causing some firms to look elsewhere -RRB- .
In order to shore up their financial systems and overall demand , emerging-market countries must be ready to take actions similar to those pursued by the advanced countries .
So the advanced countries must be ready to provide the required financing , and to do so on an unprecedented scale .
But the international community must stand ready to help .
The IMF stands ready to do its part .
And we stand ready to provide additional support -- including under a new financing mechanism for countries hit by exogenous shocks -- to help those whom the global financial crisis has affected most severely .
The IMF has already moved quickly to help many of our member countries in this time of crisis , including by protecting social spending in order to cushion the impact of the crisis on the most vulnerable .
Much has already been done to advance regulatory reform , notably the recent agreement to strengthen bank capital -LRB- Basel III -RRB- .
Much has already been achieved since the crisis , through more resources for the IMF and new financing instruments .
This time , moreover , the burden will not fall on one country alone , and a broader mix of traditional and innovative sources of financing are already available to help fund the required investment programs in energy efficiency and renewables .
It has already reduced growth and employment .
Already , the controversy over Tunisian migrants in Italy has started to fray the political underpinnings that allow free movement in the Schengen area . The war in Libya , meanwhile , could lead to many more thousands of civilians fleeing the violence and needing international protection .
But the left-wing parties that support him have already announced that they will block the constitutional reform , which they opposed for other reasons .
Spain , Austria , Italy , Denmark , Portugal are already ruled by center-right governments .
The main problem is that a directly elected Commission President might be premature : Europe may not be ready for such a radical change .
The current president , Jacques Chirac , was elected 10 years ago ; he was already in government in 1969 .
But in the case of Japan , military spending is already low , as are interest rates .
Sometime this year , China 's GDP will exceed that of Japan -LRB- if it has not already done so -RRB- .
China 's government therefore appears ready to allow the renminbi to appreciate , the question being how fast .
Similarly , while many Asian countries already have sovereign wealth funds , now South Korea 's government is establishing a new type of fund to support the construction sector 's export activities .
According to Japan 's Ministry of Economy , Trade , and Industry , which surveyed firms roughly a month after the earthquake , more than 60 % of production sites in affected areas had already recovered as of April 15 .
Brazil is already testing its appeal as an energy power through the actions of its powerful state energy company , Petrobras , which is now as active in Africa as it is in Argentina .
Turkey is already enforcing a punitive economic embargo on Armenia , including closure of its border .
The country 's southwest edge is on the same longitude as the countries of the south Caucasus and Turkey , all of which are already ENP countries or in the case of Turkey an EU candidate .
Moreover , Kazakhstan is already in formal talks with the EU about human rights issues .
Kazakhstan already plays a key role in the Shanghai Cooperation Organization -LRB- SCO -RRB- , a group that comprises Central Asian countries , along with Russia and China .
On top of all this , Taiwan 's 22 million people go about their daily business knowing that thousands of Chinese missiles are ready to be launched at them at a moment 's notice .
To all intents and purposes , Taiwan is independent already , though without formal recognition .
There are already some positive signs of a bilateral thaw as a new administration prepares to take office in Taiwan , with high-level talks taking place between China 's President Hu Jin Tao and Taiwan 's Vice-President-elect Vincent Siew .
Both Brazil and Mexico see business opportunities on the island , especially since Raúl Castro has already made Cuba more open to foreign investment .
India already is being treated with growing respect in global economic councils .
There are already signs of disquiet among more moderate Iranian policymakers , as Ahmadinejad 's economic mismanagement has begun to fuel higher inflation .
China is already closer to ASEAN and a key player with respect to Myanmar , North Korea , and other sticky issues .
But the pardon request is already significant .
Asian leaders already hold such talks annually at the East Asia Summit , an important initiative that brings together India and China , with ASEAN as host .
There is a need for substantive engagement , so that a leaders ' meeting makes sense . After all , there is already APEC for economic issues , as well as the US-ASEAN Summit , inaugurated last year .
Indeed , he has scheduled and then postponed visits to Indonesia three times already .
In some ways , much less is at stake in building a new democratic community out of the already free and prosperous European countries .
Both countries should consolidate their cooperation in other areas already agreed upon : agriculture , education , health care , energy , and science and technology .
Their societies are already intertwined -- and will be even more so in the future -- by various personal , economic , and social links .
Indeed , India 's last general election , in 2004 , was won by a woman of Italian heritage and Roman Catholic faith -LRB- Sonia Gandhi -RRB- who made way for a Sikh -LRB- Manmohan Singh -RRB- to be sworn in as Prime Minister by a Muslim -LRB- President Abdul Kalam -RRB- in a country that is 81 % Hindu . Not only could it happen here , Indians say , it already has .
In theory , this already has happened : K. R. Narayanan , born into a poor Dalit family , served as India 's president , the highest office in the land , from 1997 to 2002 .
The Terror Next Door NEW DELHI -- The fallout from the terror attacks in Mumbai last week has already shaken India .
But India is already bouncing back .
India was also the first country to use an indelible stain on the voter 's fingernail to signify that he has already cast his ballot .
Likewise , some distinguished voter invariably claims that his name is missing from the rolls , or that someone has already cast his vote -LRB- but usually not both -RRB- .
There is already talk of new projects in capacity building , agriculture , and the promotion of cultural cooperation .
But such teething pains are inevitable in any new group , and the seeds of future cooperation have already been sown .
In some parts of the world -- and certainly in most of the West -- it already is , since large amounts of information are now accessible to almost anyone .
In so doing , it is clear that India is ready to leave behind the problems of the sixteenth century as it takes its place in the twenty-first .
But that has little effect on those who are not interested in whether they are wrong and are already seeking to punish you .
One immediate implication of serving on the Council will be the need to take positions on matters that in recent years some Indian mandarins have preferred to duck -- for example , South Sudan , whose referendum on independence threatens to spark serious violence in an area where Indian UN peacekeepers are already serving .
But whatever they manage to agree upon , as a long-time UN official I am conscious of how much the UN has already changed since I joined 27 years ago .
It is on course to overtake China as the world 's most populous country by 2034 , it has the world 's fourth-largest army and nuclear weapons , and it is already the world 's fifth-largest economy in terms of purchasing power parity and continues to climb , though too many of its people remain destitute .
India is already the `` land of the better story . ''
It is not just that China and India have little in common , save for the fact that they occupy a rather vast landmass called `` Asia . '' It is also that they are already at very different stages of development .
In other words , the elephant is already dancing with the dragon .
This process is already underway , particularly in Italy and France , through cuts in social security contributions for lower-paid workers , tighter conditions for drawing unemployment benefits , and tax credits for `` the working poor . ''
This leaves the `` explanation '' to what economists call Total Factor Productivity -LRB- TFP -RRB- , a mix of several important elements , including innovation activity , a well-functioning financial system ready and willing to take risks , and organizational flexibility that facilitates rapid diffusion of new technologies .
PRINCETON -- Can Egypt 's long history help us to understand the uprising , already labeled a revolution , now underway in Cairo , and how it might turn out ?
Instead , it was the small and highly professional Egyptian army that crushed the uprising , to the dismay of the young officer corps , who were already well advanced in their plans to seize power .
So the rules would have to be set with reference to each member state 's cyclically adjusted fiscal position -LRB- for which the OECD already produces estimates -RRB- .
Indeed , Iran may already be enriching uranium secretly .
A number of countries have already been forced into drastic budget cuts , which have had a knock-on effect on standards of living .
This will lead to higher unemployment , with inevitable social strains and further stress on already heavily burdened state coffers .
Credit growth has already fallen close to zero in many countries and is contracting in many others as debts levels are reduced for households and companies .
These health effects are serious . Diabetes already is the major cause of kidney failure , blindness , and lower-limb amputation in many countries , and a major cause of heart attacks and strokes .
There have always been fanatical individuals ready to die and kill in the name of their beliefs .
Some measures of this type already exist in the European Union , but they should be introduced elsewhere : North Africa , the Middle East , India , China , Japan , and Latin America .
In Bolivia and Ecuador , immediate re-election is already possible .
It is women who will then have to pack what little they have and flee to neighboring countries that are already struggling to feed their own children .
The IMF began to take notice only in April 2007 , when the problem was already erupting , but there was still no sense of urgency .
Western governments are ready to argue with the Chinese and Indians about whether and when the burden of cuts will be spread to emerging economies , but are silent on the much bigger injustice wrought on the world 's poorest people .
Like it or not , ready or not , these scientific developments are putting us on the road to becoming the managers of the global ecosystem , rather than just a participant in it .
Twenty years after the loss of its twentieth-century empire , Russia is ready to move toward a new kind of integration with its ex-provinces .
The problem for United Russia is that Rogozin is already a master at their game . He remains a firm Putin supporter , skillfully combining criticism of virtually all aspects of Russia 's foreign and domestic policy with a loyal - but not glorifying - attitude toward the president himself .
The NWF , though not yet officially a `` sovereign wealth fund , '' is already among the 10 largest such funds , rivaling the Brunei Investment Agency .
Russian private and state-owned companies have already invested abroad extensively , often buying stakes in large foreign companies .
Russian corporations ' foreign investments have already generated a heated debate in both the United States and Europe -- even when investment was done by a private company .
A comprehensive and consistent reform plan was already included in then-President Vladimir Putin 's own economic agenda at the beginning of his first term in 2000 .
In other words , conscription operates as a large in-kind tax on the poorest households , thereby sustaining and increasing Russia 's already high inequality .
The ruling United Russia party 's recent poor performance in regional elections show that the electorate is fed up with the status quo and is ready to vote for an alternative .
But most accession countries have already achieved substantial progress in lowering inflation and nominal interest rates .
World-class design and brands already have a foothold in Europe , where creative industries are stronger that the car industry .
Ukraine needs and is ready for such a sign .
Here is where many deputies already allied with Kuchma are to be found .
Gazprom 's ambitions for gaining control of pipeline and energy transport infrastructure must be slowed , which requires allowing independent producers to prosper . Indeed , independent producers already account for 20 % of domestic gas sales in Russia .
If Russia is to be a serious partner for Europe , it must be ready to accept the obligations of stability along with the benefits .
Production capacity already exceeds that level .
It is already the dominant source of power generation in some very important energy-consuming nations .
Moreover , Saddam may already possess a weapon of mass destruction but has been deterred from using it .
But they already did , twice . They condoned or even supported American air strikes against Baghdad in December 1998 , and they supported or even participated in NATO 's air strikes against the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia in March 1999 .
All the while , scant attention is paid to the region 's already established bodies , which are in sad shape .
By hinting strongly that its $ 1.5 billion in largely military aid would be withheld in the event of unacceptable levels of repression , the US revealed that the post-Mubarak era is already being contemplated .
Many of the conditions needed for a democratic transformation -- a vibrant and organized civil society , a relatively free press , and well-respected opposition figures , as well as a variety of battered but breathing political parties of different persuasions -- are already present .
Hamas has already engaged in ceasefire negotiations and should now be brought fully into the peace process , alongside Fatah , but it will , of course , have to abandon its own strategy of force , as expressed through the rockets it has rained down on Israel .
And Brazil has already said that it has no issues to raise with China , which recently became its largest export market .
This is a welcome contrast to the options considered so far , all of which involved -- under different guises -- foisting more debt onto a country that has too much of it already .
But markets are already assigning a high probability to a Greek default .
Rising spreads in Spain and Italy show that contagion is already occurring , even in the absence of an official decision to write down Greek debt .
Meanwhile , the Commission already polices the internal market -- one of Europe 's major policy successes -- by monitoring member states ' compliance with the single market 's rules .
Deprived of funds that had already been committed and expected , Haiti fell into arrears on money owed for loan repayment , triggering IDB policies that prevented the Bank from releasing loans .
Various blogs tell him that Russia 's parliament is just a place for rubber-stamping decisions already taken at the top .
This has led to a ratcheting up of tensions , in particular between China and the United States , with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton stressing that the Obama administration is now ready to step in and help ensure the fair adjudication of disputes relating to the South China Sea .
While much has already been accomplished , it is time to finish the job .
Clinton 's global network is already meeting roadblocks , particularly with China .
Or that it has already happened .
Securing additional assistance from China and Russia -- to supplement the support already provided by the SCO 's Central Asian members as well as SCO observers Pakistan and India -- is imperative .
Several SCO members are already assisting NATO countries to deliver supplies into Afghanistan , while Russia is allowing the United States to ferry military items across its border into Central Asia and onward to Afghanistan .
G-8 countries have already pledged support to post-Mubarak Egypt , including economic aid , debt relief , and loan guarantees .
Egypt has already declined support from the International Monetary Fund .
Already weak and inefficient , prone to corruption , politicisation , lack of co-ordination between departments , and outright intimidation of its officials , judicial systems across the isthmus have been an easy target for organised crime .
The latter condition may already have been partially met , but US policies to stabilize its financial system should help avoid a major dollar slide .
A couple of the predicted effects have already been observed -LRB- for experts : tiny neutrino masses and unification of couplings -RRB- .
The discovery that the link between negative moods and negative thoughts remains ready to be reactivated even when people feel well is hugely important : it means that preventing future crises depends on learning how to keep mild upsets from spiraling out of control .
Mindfulness-based approaches have already proven that they will play an enormously important role in this .
Many member states will worry about leaping straight to the contentious issue of ultimate membership for Ukraine , but the EU already recognizes Ukraine 's theoretical right to join once it has met the Copenhagen criteria ; and it can not be beyond EU leaders ' verbal dexterity to play up the prospect .
China 's accelerating inflation reflects a similar climb in its GDP growth rate , from the already high 11 % in 2006 to 11.5 % in 2007 .
One of the best ways to strengthen the non-proliferation regime now would be to implement fully the agreements that have already been reached .
Already , the end of the Cold War and painstaking diplomacy have brought the US-India relationship to a point unimaginable just ten years ago .
A double layer of decision-making would only cause an already ponderous organization to seize up .
In fact , the recently enacted electoral laws , which have been met with international condemnation , already point to a process that lacks credibility .
But the exit polls and the data all show that Obama already has the support of a disproportionate share of American women . -LRB- The real news in his victory was that he got a chunk of white men , who rarely support a Democrat . -RRB-
In this sense , many societies are already `` over-educated . ''
Already , New York City produces more CO2 emissions than all of Norway .
If the US does not act soon , American cities will lag behind not only European capitals , but also developing country cities such as Bogota -LRB- Colombia -RRB- and Curitiba -LRB- Brazil -RRB- , which are already implementing innovative environmentally friendly solutions .
He argues that `` because short_term interest rates are already at zero , setting an inflation target of , say , 2 % would n't carry much credibility . ''
In practice , and especially when deflationary fears are already present , managing private_sector expectations demands considerable subtlety .
Already , in the Yangtze and Pearl River Deltas , where manufacturing activity is the densest , labor shortages have appeared .
He also harbors a deep distrust of financial markets and often advocates more regulation , and sees the strong euro as a threat to French industry and the result of speculation , which has already provoked serious clashes with the European Central Bank .
Some fairly large countries -- Korea , Sweden , and the United Kingdom , to name a few -- have already undergone some very large depreciations .
Members of Fatah 's Central Committee are already accusing Abbas of supporting Israel in the fighting , of wanting to `` return to Gaza on an Israeli tank . ''
Qatar , a Hamas supporter , has already announced an investment fund for Gaza and contributed $ 250 million .
So Saudi Arabia is ready to cooperate with Israel not only against Iran , but also against other `` radicals , '' such as Hamas .
Yet Iran may already see itself as victorious , with the current Iraqi government friendlier than any the Iranians have ever known .
Russia is also ready and willing to provide more developed weapons to Syria and Iran .
America 's credibility , already low in Yemen , has hit rock bottom ; its leaders ' words are no longer taken at face value .
The fact is that before the US operation to kill Bin Laden , Al Qaeda 's symbolic head , the emerging democratic Arab revolutions had already , in just a few short months , done as much to marginalize and weaken his terrorist movement in the Islamic world as the war on terror had achieved in a decade .
Indeed , Kuwait refuses to forgive Iraq 's Saddam-era debts , and is building a port at Mubarak al-Kabir , which Iraqis view as a naked attempt to suffocate Iraq 's already limited access to the Persian Gulf .
Sultan had already been dead -- politically , that is -- for the last three years ; indeed , since June 2011 , when he left for New York for medical treatment , young Saudis speculated on numerous Web sites that this was also literally the case .
The direction the country will take in the longer term can best be assessed by whom Abdullah chooses to name as the successor to Prince Sultan , Naif 's chief ally who has already been named Abdullah 's heir .
The United States , Japan , and South Korea have already publicly condemned the launch as a `` provocative act '' and a violation of United Nations Security Council Resolution 1718 , adopted in October 2006 , five days after North Korea conducted a nuclear weapons test .
Indeed , the Bush administration 's unilateral behavior , including the dismantling of the 1994 Geneva Agreed Framework with North Korea , the hyping of an enriched uranium deal , and the infamous `` axis of evil '' speech , have all increased the paranoia of an already paranoid regime .
The Security Council is already at work drafting a new resolution .
Of course , Vladimir Putin had already put in place a treaty between Russia 's government and the country 's richest men , who agreed not to comment on the actions of the state in exchange for the freedom to earn as much money as possible in any way they wanted .
Others , however , are useless and only complicate further an already complex and problematic situation .
Unlike the first group , they would be ready to accept the release of one Palestinian prisoner -- even if he were responsible for the most brutal terrorist attack -- but not a thousand of them .
These impacts will clearly hit the planet 's worst-off inhabitants hardest : the `` bottom billion '' who already bear the heaviest burden of disease , poverty , conflict and malnutrition .
So , even before the recent reports of North Korean leader Kim Jong-il 's health problems , North Korea was already a country marked by growing uncertainty .
There are already some serious signs of distress -- the currency war between the United States and China , and its spread to other countries , being a case in point .
South Korea and China have already finished a feasibility study for a bilateral FTA , and probably will enter into formal negotiations soon .
Due to the extremely expansive US monetary policy that has been in place since the sub-prime crisis began two years ago , the real value of China 's foreign-exchange reserves has already been eroded , with or without inflation .
With China 's trade-to-GDP ratio and exports-to-GDP ratio already exceeding 60 % and 30 % , respectively , the economy can not continue to depend on external demand to sustain growth .
With the economy growing by only 1.5 % last year and unemployment at 7.8 % -LRB- not far off a 17-year high -RRB- , there should be idle factors of production ready to be put to work .
Such mass migration will severely hurt already strained social relations in some countries and lead to unpredictable consequences .
This new agency already has immense potential .
But it must be ready to make some tough choices -- and study the region 's existing success stories .
Indeed , six months into his presidency , he has already undercut expectations .
An international selection committee has already eliminated China and South America , leaving only Australia and Africa -- both clear choices for geographic reasons -- in the running .
Africa also offers a testing ground for Asian-designed technologies that are not yet ready for US or European markets .
Most seriously , doubts persist about his commitment to democracy , with critics arguing he 's an old-style African `` big man '' ready to bully opponents and ravage the public coffers with his cronies .
His defenders , meanwhile , point to two benefits that he has already delivered : an end to Mbeki 's ambivalent approach to fighting HIV\/AIDS , the country 's major public health threat , and a refreshing willingness to move against Zimbabwe 's aged dictator , Robert Mugabe , whom Mbeki coddled out of a misguided sense of loyalty for his support during the struggle against apartheid .
In an economic slowdown , the country 's severe crime problem might only worsen ; so might unemployment , which already tops 20 % in the formal economy .
Yet as a condition , he may insist that Californians , who are already among the most heavily taxed Americans , pay more .
Indeed , the long dreaded impact of climate change is already upon us .
We must teach people , especially our children , to think of themselves as `` heroes-in-waiting , '' ready to take heroic action in a particular situation that may occur only once in their lifetime .
Now we are already at the second rung of intervention , and there seems to be no end in sight .
After all , the fixes had already been decided and approved , before any fact was found ; the Commission 's focus was on supporting or discrediting -LRB- depending on the commissioner 's political party -RRB- the Dodd\/Frank legislation , rather than on establishing the truth .
What makes this possibility the financial nightmare of choice , worse than the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008 , is the fear that many sovereign states have already shot all their bullets and would thus be powerless to intervene .
All of a sudden , issuers had much more influence on the rating agencies , which , like any good seller , were ready to bend a little not to alienate important customers .
Already 100 million people have been driven into poverty as a result of high food and fuel prices , and current estimates suggest that every 1 % decline in developing-country growth rates pushes an additional 20 million people into poverty .
