If Russia does veto the Ahtisaari plan , the EU 's united facade will likely fracture , with many European countries refusing either to join the US in recognizing an independent Kosovo without the UN 's blessing or to send a supervisory mission there .
South Koreans genuinely fear that the plan may weaken deterrence by sending North Korea - which is demanding a US military withdrawal while refusing to abandon its nuclear weapons ambitions - the message that intransigence pays .
Should levels of displacement remain high , as appears likely , the humanitarian crisis may deepen further , especially because strained local resources have led some governorates to begin refusing to admit displaced people .
The stakes for a peaceful regional order are too high for Israel and the United States to persist in refusing to put Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's current peace offensive to the test .
But the Bush administration can seek ways to contain global energy prices -- and it should begin by refusing to be baited into escalating tensions whenever Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad pleases .
The man , still refusing to step out , said he was a Harvard professor , showed his ID , and warned the cop not to mess with him .
And money , given or withdrawn , as well as Jews refusing to vote for Obama out of pique , could make all the difference in crucial `` swing states '' such as Florida .
This brings us to the present moment , with US unemployment unacceptably high and refusing to fall .
To help things along , someone should file a lawsuit -- not too many ! -- against ISPs who tolerate misbehavior . The targets should be ISPs that willfully serve criminal customers , refusing to deal with complaints to the point that ignorance is no longer a legitimate excuse .
Nor does it put him in the same league with Anna Politkovskaya , the crusading journalist who was murdered after refusing to stop investigating Russian human rights abuses .
Likewise , the ongoing development of topical microbicides offers the hope of empowering women to protect themselves from HIV infection when using condoms or refusing sexual intercourse is not feasible .
The high price for refusing such a proposal has to be made absolutely clear to the Iranian leadership : should no agreement be reached , the West will do everything within its power to isolate Iran economically , financially , technologically , and diplomatically , with the full support of the international community .
The US wants to resolve the global crisis by providing substantially more financial help , which Europe is refusing to commit , preferring to focus on financial regulatory reform .
But what they see confounds them , because Germany is openly refusing to lead .
It would be deeply unjust and outright foolish if the EU Commission 's report holds Turkey responsible for its refusal to make further concessions to Greek Cyprus -LRB- now an EU member -RRB- , while refusing to blame the government in Nicosia , which is the real cause of the blockage .
Thus , social scientists made the everyday lives of ordinary people respectable , while refusing to privilege certain animals over certain - typically disabled or unwanted - humans .
At first , we tried to show our displeasure with military rule by refusing to receive alms from them .
This generated a wave of mutual recrimination across the Atlantic , with Europeans -LRB- especially the French and the Germans -RRB- accusing the US of irresponsible inflationism , while Americans blamed Europe for refusing to grow fast enough .
But sometimes democracy is best served by refusing to participate .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Bush felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground .
China continues its military build-up , and North Korea remorselessly pursues nuclear weapons while refusing to resolve or even explain its abduction of dozens of Japanese citizens over the years .
To drive the point home , his regime has been refusing to attend multilateral talks .
Stubbornly refusing to talk face to face while settlement activities are not completely frozen has focused attention on what many believe is the crux of Israel 's colonial occupation regime .
In that case , the Americans would have a hard time refusing to recognize a Palestinian state that fits what the international community has said is the only acceptable solution to this intractable conflict .
He stuck to this position throughout his electoral campaign , refusing the demands of hard-line Palestinian factions that he apologize for his previous statements .
There is no better place to begin than with countries refusing to join the UNEP Convention or kowtow to its ban on DDT use .
Imagine doctors at a perpetually overrun hospital refusing to perform triage on casualties , merely attending patients as they arrived and fast-tracking those whose families made the most fuss . Refusing to prioritize is unjust , wastes resources , and costs lives .
This agreement includes including collaborating or not with the Taliban , cooperating with the Coalition forces , accepting or refusing poppy eradication in a village .
Since then , it has continued to insist that its arguments for invading Iraq are beyond criticism , while making a mess of the postwar administration by refusing to share authority .
In addition to rehabilitating many Milosevic-era figures and refusing to arrest indicted war criminal General Ratko Maldic , Kostunica often speaks contemptuously about the EU and insists that if the EU recognizes Kosovo 's independence , Serbia will turn away from Europe and seek closer relations with Russia .
The fact that Hamas is refusing to make peace has nothing to do with the recent travesty in the sea en route to Gaza .
Now , the United States Treasury is headed for a mistake of historic and catastrophic proportions by refusing to bail out America 's Big Three automakers .
On the other hand , refusing to accept the growing consensus that fiscal union is the key to resolving the debt crisis exposes the eurozone , and Germany , to serious risks .
After decades of refusing to speak publicly , Calley , who is now 66 , recently said that `` not a day goes by '' when he does not feel remorse `` for what happened that day in My Lai . '' One wonders if the relatives of those murdered at My Lai are more ready to forgive Calley than the relatives of those killed at Lockerbie are to forgive Megrahi .
The United States has proved to be the biggest laggard in the world , refusing to sign the 1997 Kyoto Protocol or to adopt any effective domestic emissions controls .
Instead , Chen balked at further integration into the global economy , refusing to open all of Taiwan 's economic sectors to foreign participation , which would have strengthened Taiwan 's competitiveness and efficiency .
Suppose it was divided into independent political units of two million people each . That would mean 3,000 micro-states , each refusing to accept any sovereignty superior to its own .
But , as Bush tried to deceive America about the wars ' costs , he underfunded the troops , refusing even basic expenditures -- say , for armored and mine-resistant vehicles needed to protect American lives , or for adequate health care for returning veterans .
The Bush administration has also trampled on citizens ' basic right to know what their government is doing , refusing , for example , to disclose who was on the task force that shaped its energy policy - though one really does n't need that information to see that it was shaped by the oil industry and for the oil industry .
But , with Kosovo 's ethnic Albanian majority demanding its own state , and with Russia refusing to recognize UN mediator Martti Ahtisaari 's plan for conditional independence , the US is preparing to go it alone .
Now , more than ever , we must believe this , for Russian troops wearing Ukrainian uniforms have entered our country , because Ukrainian soldiers are refusing to carry out orders to crush those who are demonstrating to defend our democracy .
By refusing to leave the streets and squares of Kyiv , Ukraine 's mass volunteer army of democrats forced our country 's gray old men of the past to retreat into the past .
Rosa Parks ' revolutionary bravery in refusing to move to the back of a Montgomery , Alabama municipal bus in 1955 helped spark the American civil rights movement .
