If Fatah refuses to join a coalition , Hamas may opt for a government of independents and technocrats .
Unless America accommodates North Korea 's demands for concluding a nonaggression treaty and ending `` hostile '' policies , Kim 's regime is likely to keep its nuclear weapons program as its most effective deterrent against any preemptive US attack -- something that the Bush administration , indeed , refuses to rule out .
Now he has antagonized all big businessmen ; he even refuses to meet them .
The current regime in Syria , in its ruthless quest to remain in power , refuses to acknowledge peaceful protesters ' demands for freedom and dignity .
As a result , the regime refuses to take any chances .
But it is highly unlikely that the Arabs will agree to such a system so long as Israel refuses to address her own nuclear capabilities .
Netanyahu persists in questioning Obama 's infatuation with the two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , and he refuses to see the link that Obama believes exists between an Israeli-Palestinian peace and his capacity to curtail Iran 's nuclear ambitions .
Eager to deliver his elementary history lessons , Netanyahu refuses to admit the validity of one key perspective .
Taming Hamas is in Egypt 's interest , but it refuses to pay the price of a direct confrontation because that might lead Egyptian forces to be perceived as Israel 's protectors .
For these `` moderate '' American allies , peace is about Israeli concessions , not about pulling Israel 's chestnuts out of the fire , certainly as long as it refuses to endorse the Arab peace plan .
Beatrix , like Franz Joseph , refuses to make ethnic or religious distinctions between her subjects .
Suspiciously , the country 's central bank refuses to publish that figure for 2005 .
Mexico 's left refuses truly to embrace market economics , representative democracy , and the rule of law .
As a psychotherapist specializing in homosexuality , I have been consulted many times by anxious parents terrified that their little boy is gay -LRB- at age five ! -RRB- : he likes to play with dolls , enjoys the company of girls , refuses to play soccer .
The elected president wants to act , but the assembly refuses to approve the necessary laws . Or vice versa .
But if the Fed refuses to accommodate inflation produced by a dollar collapse and accepts a depression in the belief that the long-run benefits of maintaining its credibility as a guarantor of price stability will come before we are all dead , American equities will suffer .
With respect to Obama 's stimulus package , it seems to me that there has been extraordinary intellectual and political dishonesty on the American right , which the press refuses to see .
Two ingredients are at work here : an economy that refuses to turn up -LRB- with no one inside or outside Japan having a clue as to how to change that -RRB- and an ailing financial superstructure .
Not against the yen , which is the currency of an economy that refuses to grow .
What use is vocal multilateralism , what use are German leaders ' lofty speeches about international law being exercised by the Security Council , if Germany refuses to endorse a resolution for the protection of Libya 's citizens from a brutal regime employing all means at its disposal in its fight for survival ?
At stake is not only assistance , but Pakistan 's own future , for , in the absence of genuine commitment to counter-terrorism , it is only a matter of time before the country falls victim to the infection that it refuses to treat .
Sadly , in spite of a much celebrated peace process , Pakistan refuses visas to Indian peace groups and activists that seek to help in the relief effort .
Nevertheless , four years on , a UN investigation has yet to take place , because the military junta refuses to grant the UN access to the country .
But such measures are of no use when the military remains firmly in control , the rule of law is absent , and the government refuses to admit to the systematic sexual violence committed by its soldiers as they terrorize the population .
What if Putin is wrong in his choice of successor , and Medvedev refuses to be his clone , but instead follows in the footsteps of Khrushchev , Gorbachev , and Yeltsin ?
The ECB has the same option , but refuses to use it .
Second , the costs of abandoning diplomacy are so high that continued engagement makes sense even as Iran refuses to budge .
The newly established Israeli government refuses even to pay lip service to the internationally accepted requirements for peace .
This Kafkaesque turn of events was possible because Pavel has mental health issues in a system that refuses to protect his rights .
The Kremlin refuses to publicly admit that today 's terrorism has its roots predominantly in the Chechen war , which is now metastasizing throughout the Northern Caucasus .
If it declares bankruptcy and refuses to buy back its assets , bankruptcy laws should give the central bank the first claim on the bank 's assets .
The provincial can not admit his inferiority and refuses to learn from others .
The government knows that it has a political tiger by the tail , but refuses to acknowledge it , either inside China or outside .
Nevertheless , the administration refuses to be held back by institutional restraints .
Serbia remains stuck in a nineteenth-century world of nationalism and refuses to recognize the new global realities of economic interdependence , inter-state reciprocity , and collectivism &#45; &#45; all of which characterize today 's EU .
But , although banking and finance have taken center stage , the EU 's constitutional problem refuses to go away .
There is a second obstruction as well : the US Congress refuses to face up realistically to the climate challenge , because China , as a developing country , is not obliged to accept compulsory carbon limits .
Then , because the US refuses to take responsibility for its cumulative and per capita greenhouse-gas emissions -- which are , respectively , roughly four and three times greater than China 's -- the Chinese leadership refuses to make concessions .
However , it fails to engage the deep intellectual divisions regarding economic development , trade , and globalization , because it refuses to admit the legitimacy of such disagreements .
Israel still refuses to accept the new Palestinian national unity government as a negotiating partner because Hamas is part of that government .
It is ironic that the United States , which portrays itself as a friend of democracy and impoverished countries , gives the smallest share of its GNP in aid among the rich countries , and also refuses to participate in global efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
The Rapaport Group , an international network of companies providing services to the diamond industry , refuses to list Marange diamonds on its diamond-trading platform , RapNet .
Robert Mugabe , for example , refuses to leave office -- at great cost to Zimbabwe 's people -- for fear of being put on trial .
This is because Krugman refuses to take seriously Keynes 's crucial distinction between risk and uncertainty .
Russia consistently refuses to allow Western companies the same access to Russian facilities that Russian state energy companies already enjoy in Europe and the United States .
The Left is in the Streets PARIS -- The riots that have rampaged across Greece may have many causes , but one that is rarely mentioned is the fracturing of the Greek left into George Papandreou 's traditional socialist party , PASOK , and an increasingly radicalized faction that refuses all accommodation with either the European Union or modern economics .
That is precisely the possibility that Bush refuses to acknowledge , and his denial appeals to a significant segment of the American public .
But any `` last stand '' type of warfare refuses to recognize the possibility of a future war for which it may be a precedent .
The Bush administration , however , refuses to disclose information which would show the role of corporate interests in setting its energy policy .
The US occupies one of Mauritius 's offshore islands , Diego Garcia , as a naval base without compensation , officially leasing it from the United Kingdom , which not only retained the Chagos Islands in violation of the UN and international law , but expelled its citizens and refuses to allow them to return .
It is only the government that steadfastly refuses to intervene in the debate or propose any action .
Whoever refuses to make a public case for what he or she intends to do when in power , or lies about it -- as Ukraine 's current president , Viktor Yanukovich , did during his campaign against me last year -- is no supporter of the democracy that citizens risked their lives to establish .
Bush still refuses to talk to either of them , and has lately been having US troops arrest Iranian agents in Iraq .
Indeed , Kuwait refuses to forgive Iraq 's Saddam-era debts , and is building a port at Mubarak al-Kabir , which Iraqis view as a naked attempt to suffocate Iraq 's already limited access to the Persian Gulf .
President Putin , meanwhile , steadfastly refuses to discuss the Yukos affair or the actions of the law enforcement agencies with Russia 's business community .
