In opposition , Hamas adamantly refused to collect illegal weapons .
He has quickly called for a revival of peace talks , although Israel , like the US , has refused to deal with Hamas .
Since Hamas was founded in the early 1980 's , it has refused to come under the leadership of the Palestine Liberation Organization -LRB- PLO -RRB- .
Wallenberg refused to ignore the threat of massacres to come . Instead of ducking responsibility and carrying on with conventional work in Sweden , he made his way to Hungary , the scene of Hitler 's last homicidal orgy against the Jews .
Having already been condemned by a kangaroo court to death by musketry , my father refused to hoist a white flag . `` The Filipino , '' he insisted , `` is worth dying for . ''
Awlad Ali and the other tribes refused the generous bribes offered to them .
The head of Internal Security Forces , Colonel al-Tuhami Khaled , another principal suspect in the crimes currently being committed against Libyans , refused to call the process a `` reconciliation . ''
Similarly , the two regional governors concerned refused to go to Beslan .
But the NBU refused to do so -- making Ukraine the last country in Central and Eastern Europe to tie its currency to the dollar .
But the fundamental problem is that , until now , at every historical juncture , the Palestinians refused to accept a compromise and consequently failed in nation-building .
In 1947 , they refused the UN partition plan , which called for the establishments of two states in British Palestine .
The Palestinians contest not just the post-1967 occupation of the West Bank ; since the United Nations partition plan of 1947 -- which called for the establishment of two states , one Jewish and one Arab -- Palestinians have refused to recognize Israel 's right to exist , and most Israelis are not convinced that they have totally abandoned that stance .
Those with roots in the western regions are mainly dissidents who have lived abroad for decades . TNC officials admit that some council members are based in western Libya , but have refused to identify them for security reasons .
When some of these parties refused , the government backed down and financed AIG 's payment of all of its derivative obligations in full .
How fast America 's new president addresses the Arab-Israeli conflict will be of paramount concern to Europeans in this effort . For to them , Jerusalem has always mattered more than Baghdad , but George W. Bush refused to listen .
Fully aware of the bitter legacy of Palestinian disinheritance following the 1948 war , Dayan refused to blame the murderers .
Fearful of the consequences of the demise of its patrons in Damascus , Hamas tactically withdrew from the Axis and let Egypt lead it towards reconciliation with the pro-Western Palestinian Authority on terms that it had refused under former Egyptian Hosni Mubarak .
Indeed , Mubarak has already called for a resumption of inter-Palestinian dialogue , which might lead to yet another attempt at a national unity government , the same kind of government with which both Israel and the US refused to do business .
The Six have refused because verification can not provide an absolute guarantee against the diversion of some enriched uranium to military use .
In a rather obscure linguistic debate , Hamas has in previous negotiation rounds refused to `` commit ' itself to past PLO agreements with Israel , but has instead offered to `` respect '' them .
The judge had refused to be directed by the president and the military in deciding important constitutional matters , including Musharraf 's own eligibility to contest the presidency while still in uniform .
But when Mikhail Gorbachev refused to support a German crackdown , a mixture of overwhelming public protest and government bungling brought down the Berlin Wall .
Hardliners , who refused to give up their monopoly on power , won .
The man refused .
Israel and the US refused to accept the right of Palestinians to form a unity government with Hamas and Fatah and now , after internal strife , Hamas alone controls Gaza . Forty-one of the 43 victorious Hamas candidates who lived in the West Bank are now imprisoned by Israel , plus an additional ten who assumed positions in the short-lived coalition cabinet .
They responded that such previous action by them had not been reciprocated , and they reminded me that Hamas had previously insisted on a ceasefire throughout Palestine including both Gaza and the West Bank , which Israel had refused .
But , just as former US Vice-President Al Gore recently refused to share a dais with Uribe in Miami , many members of Congress refuse to approve a trade agreement or an aid package that may link them to a government tainted by egregious human rights abuses , complicity with drug lords , or both .
But , just as former US Vice-President Al Gore recently refused to share a dais with Uribe in Miami , many members of Congress refuse to approve a trade agreement or an aid package that may link them to a government tainted by egregious human rights abuses , complicity with drug lords , or both .
The IFE shepherded Mexico through several crisis in 2006 , when the PRD 's presidential candidate , Andrés Manuel López Obrador , refused to accept his razor-thin margin of defeat and took his battle to the streets .
Elected with 35 % of the vote , he lacked a majority in Congress , and the opposition refused to acknowledge his victory .
Calderón has refused to touch these power structures , even though everyone , from the World Bank to left-wing rabble-rouser and former presidential candidate Andrés Manuel López Obrador , agree that they are the main impediments to Mexico 's progress .
When I ask them what they would think if their child was a little girl who liked to play baseball , enjoyed playing with boys and refused to play with dolls , they answer , `` Oh , that would be fine .
Despite complaints from the Episcopal Conference of the Catholic Church , chambers of commerce and political parties , the CSE has refused to allow a recount of the ballots or scrutiny by impartial observers .
Since India gained its independence , the government has systematically refused to collect sufficient data on the socioeconomic aspects of caste .
A little more than a year ago , poet and journalist Raúl Rivero Castañeda wrote that he refused to let America 's embargo against Cuba define the international debate over the fate of the island 's 11 million people .
We know that a Serb officer defied Mladi? and refused to order his men to partake in mass murder .
In the run-up to the Iraq war , many member states refused even to consult their colleagues .
This was the trigger for Saturday 's breakdown : Spain and Poland refused to surrender the voting privileges they received at Nice .
Now it has become clear that John McCain -- who once criticized George W. Bush 's tax cuts as imprudent and refused to vote for them -- has succumbed to this potion .
If so , then the unavoidable conclusion must be that things would not have been so bad if the government had refused to implement an expansionary fiscal policy , recapitalize banks , nationalize troubled institutions , and buy financial assets in non-standard ways .
There were many reasons for this , but foremost among them was that China had already amassed more than $ 100 billion in reserves , and refused to revalue its currency , when the crisis hit .
I was supposed to put forward Russian proposals on the new security concept to the NATO-Russia Council -LRB- NRC -RRB- last September . But the Alliance refused to hold the scheduled meeting following the Georgia crisis .
Macedonia at one point agreed to design a new flag and remove the symbols , as well as to amend its constitution to clarify that it had no territorial claims on Greece , but it flatly refused to live under one of the tongue-twisting names suggested by its bigger neighbor .
John F. Kennedy refused to tolerate the Soviet military presence in Cuba .
Frustrations will continue , like those over the last year as creative efforts by Security Council members -- and more recently by Brazil and Turkey -- to find interim confidence-building solutions were rebuffed , largely because the leaders of last year 's democratic movement refused to support a compromise-inclined President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Turkey has refused to open its ports , airports , and roads to the Republic of Cyprus , as it is obligated to do by the Ankara Protocol , which set the terms of Turkey 's accession negotiations .
More than most people realize , the Gospels treat recalcitrant Jews -- those who refused to accept Jesus as their Messiah -- as perpetrators of a crime that lives on in every generation .
However , the Committee refused to comment on whether his behavior was normal or deviant for the field in question .
In retrospect , the Committee probably should have refused the case , given that Lomborg 's book was subject to intense public scrutiny , often by experts writing -LRB- favorably -RRB- in The Economist and -LRB- unfavorably -RRB- in Scientific American .
Some of the soldiers who were ordered to beat us and to stop us from marching actually refused to do so , because they understood the truth of what we were doing .
India , in a mood of injured innocence , until recently has refused to hold such talks until Pakistan ceased its support for the Kashmiri insurgents .
As former French Prime Minister Pierre Mauroy put it in 1981 , when he refused to cancel a gas deal with the USSR over the imposition of martial law in Poland , `` Should the suffering of French people deprived of gas be added to the suffering of Polish people deprived of freedom ? ''
Initially , the Convention refused to include any mention of Christianity or Europe 's Judeo-Christian heritage whatsoever , citing only the Enlightenment tradition , alongside the Greeks and Romans .
Thus , when Russia banned imports of Belarusian dairy products -LRB- in an attempt to punish Lukashenko for accepting a $ 2,000,000,000 credit but not fulfilling his promise to recognize South Ossetia and Abkhazia -RRB- , Lukashenko refused to attend a CSTO summit or join its collective agreement for the establishment of an operational response force .
What would also help would be to make clear that Iran would face additional sanctions , including constraints on its ability to import refined petroleum , if it refused to accept a fair and reasonable compromise .
Communist leaders insisted that the system was the result of history 's objective laws , which could not be challenged , and those who refused this logic were punished - just in case .
This is undoubtedly why the Pakistani government refused an Indian offer to send in helicopters for relief work in and around Muzaffarabad , the flattened capital of Pakistani-administered Kashmir .
France signed up for membership but later refused to submit her armed forces to NATO 's central command .
He refused to settle privately , because he believed that if he let corrupt government officials off the hook , `` they 'll keep scamming the public . ''
Most have refused .
After the Varna City Court refused to allow the extradition , ruling that the charges were politically motivated , the Bulgarian authorities threatened to deport him .
Where the intelligentsia is not directly complicit , its members have , simply by remaining silent , refused to accept the responsibility that accompanies freedom .
Back then , a peaceful and honest result was reached in the end because Ukraine 's President Leonid Kuchma refused to heed Yanukovich 's call to use violence to defend his rigged election .
The dirty tricks began in the midnight hours of August 11th , when Ukraine 's Central Election Commission -LRB- which is packed with Yanukovich placemen -RRB- refused to certify the largest opposition party , the bloc of former Prime Minister Yuliya Tymoshenko , to participate in the election .
Moreover , Tymoshenko managed Ukraine 's crisis despite the tremendous and often irresponsible resistance of her political opponents , who frequently paralyzed the parliament when the government refused to accept populist proposals that would undermine efforts at financial stabilization .
Then there was the 1917 Bolshevik Revolution , which the Poles refused to join , and Marshal Jozef Pilsudski 's miraculous victory over the Red Army at the gates of Warsaw in 1920 .
Because the Polish leaders refused to exonerate the Russians , Stalin accused the Poles of collaborating with the Germans in trying to shift the blame for Nazi crimes onto Russians .
In both his first and second terms as Israel 's prime minister , Binyamin Netanyahu refused to follow the US script on the Israeli-Palestinian peace process .
Many in the Governing Council wanted to go faster , because they knew they had a long journey in front of them , but Trichet refused .
But the ECB head and the Governing Council refused to yield either to insults or to heavy-handed political pressure to cut interest rates , cut them again , and then cut them some more .
Before then , the Catholic Church had lost almost two centuries -LRB- XVIII and XIX -RRB- because it refused to accept that the world had changed , that social and economic issues are among the most important , that modernity happened .
Until recently , Israeli officials have publicly and privately refused to respond to the Palestinian request for a ceasefire agreement .
The US has also opposed Israel 's unilateral annexation of East Jerusalem , and -- along with every country on the planet -- refused to recognize the application of Israeli law to residents of East Jerusalem .
The Netanyahu government has refused to agree to any such clear reference point before talks begin .
They refused to write a constitution permitting power to be concentrated in the hands of a leader legitimized by the emperor . This would have threatened the position of some of them and led to the oligarchy 's disintegration .
Hu 's Politburo has consistently refused to let peasants set up non-official farmers ' associations or trade unions .
But the workers , having seen what Morales-style management is like , refused , preferring to remain in the private sector .
`` Lance refused to become a statistic and instead rallied and became cancer 's worst enemy , '' wrote a reviewer of his first book .
The lawyer agreed to represent him . But when he was subsequently detained in a psychiatric hospital , the Russian government refused to allow the lawyer access to his client .
Yet no one should forget that on July 1 , 2003 , over 500,000 people protested because the government refused to allow more time to discuss proposed national security legislation .
The United Nations Framework Convention has refused to fund disaster preparedness efforts unless states demonstrate exactly how the disasters they feared were linked to climate change .
One learned religious teacher , for example , refused to believe that a man had landed on the moon .
Many senior Americans were puzzled that Turkey , a long-standing NATO ally and a secular state , refused to allow American forces to use Turkey as a base to invade Iraq .
Singh is one of the best economists in the world . At the same time , he demonstrated that he has a spine of steel when he refused to buckle under to severe pressures to renounce the India-United States nuclear deal .
And US President Barack Obama did nothing when Israel refused to extend its freeze on new building construction in the West Bank , causing Israeli West Bank settlers to rejoice .
Moreover , the city refused to give its votes to a president who exploited its disaster for political gain .
Gbagbo refused to acknowledge the result , claiming vote-rigging , and was declared re-elected by the Constitutional Court , which nullified 600,000 ballots in several northern constituencies .
But Gbagbo refused to denounce the tribal\/religious chauvinism that excluded Ouattara and millions of Ivoirian northerners from full citizenship rights .
It recently refused to purchase the full number of Airbus troop transport planes that it had promised to buy .
For all German Chancellors from Konrad Adenauer to Helmut Kohl , France was the favorite European partner , but they refused to accept French offers to create a `` Franco-German union '' that would destroy the mediating character of German foreign policy .
A leader of Solidarity , a former political prisoner , and the foreign minister responsible for Poland 's accession to NATO , Geremek had refused to sign yet another declaration that he had not been a communist secret police agent .
The losers refused to admit that the achievement of freedom was Poland 's greatest success in 300 years .
Those who refused or filed a false declaration were to be fired and banned from working in their profession for ten years .
As hosts of the conference , the Ghanaians were particularly incensed at being asked to make an arrest under such circumstances , and refused to do so .
The purported reason for closing The Daily News is that the paper refused to register under the bizarrely named Access to Information and Protection of Privacy Act -LRB- AIPPA -RRB- of 2002 on the grounds that it violates Zimbabwe 's constitutional guarantee of freedom of expression .
Russia began 2006 by cutting off natural gas exports to Ukraine after its government refused to pay a fourfold increase in the subsidized price .
Gorbachev refused to sanction the use of force to put down demonstrations .
But the loosely worded accord soon collapsed , and North Korea refused to return to the talks until the US stopped shutting down bank accounts suspected of counterfeiting and laundering money for Kim 's regime .
Kenya and Ethiopia refused , saying they were still in the process of building a nation .
But the agreement soon collapsed , and North Korea refused to return to the talks until the United States stopped shutting down bank accounts suspected of counterfeiting and laundering money for Kim 's regime .
Obasanjo refused to call them to order , even after they invaded and razed government offices .
But he stubbornly refused , and his belated admission came too late to gain public favor .
I refused .
When they implicitly refused to support the anti-American stances of France and Germany in the current crisis , they were seen as disloyal to the EU .
Only the prison doctor , it seems , was prepared to say that he did not have more than three months to live , while four specialists refused to say how long he might have .
Vice President Dick Cheney 's office also is reportedly playing an active role . Zardari , in a joint press conference with Sharif , refused to answer a question about whether there is pressure from the US to ally with Musharraf .
I refused to accept the invitation from the president of the Human Rights Council at the time , Ambassador Martin Uhomoibhi of Nigeria , to lead the investigation following the Human Rights Council 's January 12 , 2009 resolution . As a former UN High Commissioner for Human Rights , I felt strongly that the Council 's resolution was one-sided and did not permit a balanced approach to determining the situation on the ground .
But the government refused to investigate and did nothing with the information .
So farmers refused to plant trees , cashew processors refused to take their resources elsewhere , and urban workers refused to look for other jobs .
After independence from Britain in 1783 , America 's states refused to repay their Revolutionary War debts .
Others , like Massachusetts , tried to levy taxes , but its citizens refused to pay them .
The simple fact is that even if US trade negotiator Susan Schwab had refused to make a single `` concession , '' and if Europe , Japan , and the big emerging markets had kept their best offers on the table , the US would still remain more open than all but a few small countries .
But Philippine courts have refused to resort to the use of such damage awards as a tool for controlling behavior , particularly of businessmen .
Murdered when France and Germany refused to abide by its rules , the Stability Pact 's ghost is haunting Europe , particularly the postcommunist countries that join the European Union in May .
Israel refused even to negotiate with the Hamas-led Palestinian government , trying to squeeze it financially and make it capitulate .
Hamas refused to acknowledge a two-state solution except obliquely , and then under considerable pressure .
The most recent debacle began when President George W. Bush called for Palestinian democracy in 2004 , but then refused to honor the democratic process .
Yet at Cancun , Mexico earlier this summer , it refused to open its markets even to exports from struggling African economies .
Her request was refused , as was her earlier plea in 2006 to suspend her sentence until her two small sons reached the age of 14 -- a request she was entitled to make under Russian law .
The judge refused without comment requests by the defense to remove the cage and to replace one of the prosecutors , who had already been a prosecuting counsel during the first trial .
Employees learned in the experiments that employers largely could be trusted to give such bonuses as a reward for hard work , even though no one could hold them formally accountable if they selfishly refused .
For example , China has refused to endorse Russia 's recognition of the independence of South Ossetia and Abkhazia , and has encouraged the SCO 's other members to do the same .
But , although Zakaev was one of the most moderate members of the Chechen resistance , an amnesty for him needed the Kremlin 's approval , and he does not seem to have received it , which is probably why he refused Kadyrov 's offer .
South Africa has a vested interest in stability , and it can turn the screws on Mugabe 's regime , much as it has refused to contemplate any form of sanctions because of their impact on the poor .
Many of his own men have refused to fire on their own people , instead defecting to the rebels or flying their planes to nearby Malta , so Qaddafi has called in mercenaries from neighboring countries who are more willing to obey his orders .
Only `` unreasonable '' claims may be refused , but the state will bear the burden of proving unreasonableness .
Last November , Musharraf effectively declared war on both the bar and the judiciary , dismissing all judges who refused to recognize his declaration of a state of emergency , purportedly aimed at protecting the nation from terrorists .
Musharraf dissolved the Supreme Court and the four High Courts , put Chaudhry and his entire family under house arrest , sealed the Supreme Court premises under army guard , and proceeded to arrest and detain all judges who refused to swear allegiance to the Provisional Constitutional Order upholding the state of emergency .
Italy 's investigating magistrates have consistently refused to accept the popularity and electoral power of a business tycoon whom they have tried to convict for many years .
Foreign ministries translated that idea into the Stability Pact , but finance ministers refused to finance it , so the pact remained an empty shell .
On Monday he allowed Lehman Brothers to fail and refused to make government funds available to save AIG .
The participating states established a common central bank , but they explicitly refused to surrender the right to tax their citizens to a common authority .
More recently , oil companies have demonstrated little conscience in providing money that feeds guerrilla movements -- so long as their own interests are preserved . When , in Angola , one brave firm , BP , wanted to do the right thing by trying to make sure that oil royalties actually go to the government , rather than to corrupt officials , other oil companies refused to go along .
Finally , America has steadfastly refused to tie its hands in the way that Europe has .
The Kyoto Protocol was a major achievement , yet it left out 75 % of the sources of emissions : the US , the largest polluter , refused to sign . -LRB- With Australia 's new government now having signed the Protocol , America is now the sole holdout among the advanced industrial countries . -RRB-
The hostage rescue mission has also forced Chávez , still recovering from his failed power-grab referendum of last year -LRB- a moment when Chávez 's own army high command allegedly refused his demand to fudge the result -RRB- onto the defensive .
What would an account about evil be like if the author refused to identify himself with either the hero or the victim ?
This July , the World Trade Organization 's Doha trade round fell to pieces , partly because the US refused to lower its agricultural subsidies .
Among ordinary Zimbabweans walk heroes - heroes who waited hours and hours to vote , heroes who refused to be turned away .
Another lawyer , Sergei Magnitsky , died in prison after being refused medical treatment .
If he refused treatment and was released because he posed no imminent threat , his severe mental disorder would nonetheless have been diagnosed .
Iran , predictably , has refused to back down , which some observers have suggested reflects the failure of the world 's major powers to speak with a unified voice .
At an emergency meeting on September 1 , EU leaders refused to continue the PCA talks until Russia removed its combat units from the Georgian separatist regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia .
Three former military attorneys , recognizing this blunt truth , refused to participate in the `` military tribunals '' -- rather , `` show trials '' -- aimed at condemning men whose confessions were elicited through torture .
Passengers who have refused to be patted down on their genitals have been handcuffed to chairs .
Estonia and Lithuania applied as well , but were refused entry .
Hamas apparently did not envision a full-scale confrontation with Israel when it refused to renew a six-month truce .
But the King refused to meet the Shia delegation .
