If Fatah refuses to join a coalition , Hamas may opt for a government of independents and technocrats .
In opposition , Hamas adamantly refused to collect illegal weapons .
He has quickly called for a revival of peace talks , although Israel , like the US , has refused to deal with Hamas .
Since Hamas was founded in the early 1980 's , it has refused to come under the leadership of the Palestine Liberation Organization -LRB- PLO -RRB- .
There should be no doubt as to the answer to this question , except in the minds of politicians who fail to raise it because they refuse to think beyond the coming presidential election .
Wallenberg refused to ignore the threat of massacres to come . Instead of ducking responsibility and carrying on with conventional work in Sweden , he made his way to Hungary , the scene of Hitler 's last homicidal orgy against the Jews .
Unless America accommodates North Korea 's demands for concluding a nonaggression treaty and ending `` hostile '' policies , Kim 's regime is likely to keep its nuclear weapons program as its most effective deterrent against any preemptive US attack -- something that the Bush administration , indeed , refuses to rule out .
Having already been condemned by a kangaroo court to death by musketry , my father refused to hoist a white flag . `` The Filipino , '' he insisted , `` is worth dying for . ''
Awlad Ali and the other tribes refused the generous bribes offered to them .
The head of Internal Security Forces , Colonel al-Tuhami Khaled , another principal suspect in the crimes currently being committed against Libyans , refused to call the process a `` reconciliation . ''
Now he has antagonized all big businessmen ; he even refuses to meet them .
Why refuse to meet Russia 's business elite , while meeting with foreign investment bankers ?
Similarly , the two regional governors concerned refused to go to Beslan .
But the NBU refused to do so -- making Ukraine the last country in Central and Eastern Europe to tie its currency to the dollar .
The current regime in Syria , in its ruthless quest to remain in power , refuses to acknowledge peaceful protesters ' demands for freedom and dignity .
But the fundamental problem is that , until now , at every historical juncture , the Palestinians refused to accept a compromise and consequently failed in nation-building .
In 1947 , they refused the UN partition plan , which called for the establishments of two states in British Palestine .
The Palestinians contest not just the post-1967 occupation of the West Bank ; since the United Nations partition plan of 1947 -- which called for the establishment of two states , one Jewish and one Arab -- Palestinians have refused to recognize Israel 's right to exist , and most Israelis are not convinced that they have totally abandoned that stance .
The `` Representative of the Three Represents '' refuse to say .
Those with roots in the western regions are mainly dissidents who have lived abroad for decades . TNC officials admit that some council members are based in western Libya , but have refused to identify them for security reasons .
When some of these parties refused , the government backed down and financed AIG 's payment of all of its derivative obligations in full .
As a result , the regime refuses to take any chances .
But it is highly unlikely that the Arabs will agree to such a system so long as Israel refuses to address her own nuclear capabilities .
How fast America 's new president addresses the Arab-Israeli conflict will be of paramount concern to Europeans in this effort . For to them , Jerusalem has always mattered more than Baghdad , but George W. Bush refused to listen .
Netanyahu persists in questioning Obama 's infatuation with the two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , and he refuses to see the link that Obama believes exists between an Israeli-Palestinian peace and his capacity to curtail Iran 's nuclear ambitions .
It should have to accept , however , that no Arab democracy worthy of the name could refuse to open the electoral gates to political Islam .
Fully aware of the bitter legacy of Palestinian disinheritance following the 1948 war , Dayan refused to blame the murderers .
Fearful of the consequences of the demise of its patrons in Damascus , Hamas tactically withdrew from the Axis and let Egypt lead it towards reconciliation with the pro-Western Palestinian Authority on terms that it had refused under former Egyptian Hosni Mubarak .
Eager to deliver his elementary history lessons , Netanyahu refuses to admit the validity of one key perspective .
Indeed , Mubarak has already called for a resumption of inter-Palestinian dialogue , which might lead to yet another attempt at a national unity government , the same kind of government with which both Israel and the US refused to do business .
Taming Hamas is in Egypt 's interest , but it refuses to pay the price of a direct confrontation because that might lead Egyptian forces to be perceived as Israel 's protectors .
For these `` moderate '' American allies , peace is about Israeli concessions , not about pulling Israel 's chestnuts out of the fire , certainly as long as it refuses to endorse the Arab peace plan .
Local courts , whose judges are appointed and paid by the local government , often simply refuse to file cases that challenge official decisions .
Of course , some countries , not least the US , would oppose making such a reversal in Israeli policy a condition of creating an international force and consensus in NATO , the EU , or the UN may not be found or , if it were to emerge , Israel might simply refuse to abide .
The Six have refused because verification can not provide an absolute guarantee against the diversion of some enriched uranium to military use .
But eventually , consumers refuse to buy more even if prices continue to fall .
When Congress takes up the debate over climate change , for example , and some lawmakers call for a cap-and-trade system , others will demand to know why America should accept binding commitments to limit emissions while the Chinese refuse .
But if Musharraf were to refuse to go quietly , the generals could promise him a long list of public corruption charges that he must survive without their protection .
In a rather obscure linguistic debate , Hamas has in previous negotiation rounds refused to `` commit ' itself to past PLO agreements with Israel , but has instead offered to `` respect '' them .
The judge had refused to be directed by the president and the military in deciding important constitutional matters , including Musharraf 's own eligibility to contest the presidency while still in uniform .
It is more disturbing when people choose to break up nation-states because they refuse to share their wealth , for linguistic or ethnic reasons .
But when Mikhail Gorbachev refused to support a German crackdown , a mixture of overwhelming public protest and government bungling brought down the Berlin Wall .
Hardliners , who refused to give up their monopoly on power , won .
If they agree , they help to legitimize a system in which they do not really believe . If they refuse , they have no influence at all .
The man refused .
In the United States , some of the fiercest defenders of hardline Zionism are evangelical Christians who firmly believe that Jews who refuse to convert to Christianity will one day face terrible retribution .
Beatrix , like Franz Joseph , refuses to make ethnic or religious distinctions between her subjects .
Most men on the other hand -- deterred by fear , ignorance , pride , and , sometimes , taboo -- refuse to be tested voluntarily .
In other parts of the world , the emergence of respect for a patient 's right to refuse vaccines creates a difficult challenge for those seeking to eradicate diseases such as polio .
Suspiciously , the country 's central bank refuses to publish that figure for 2005 .
Israel and the US refused to accept the right of Palestinians to form a unity government with Hamas and Fatah and now , after internal strife , Hamas alone controls Gaza . Forty-one of the 43 victorious Hamas candidates who lived in the West Bank are now imprisoned by Israel , plus an additional ten who assumed positions in the short-lived coalition cabinet .
They responded that such previous action by them had not been reciprocated , and they reminded me that Hamas had previously insisted on a ceasefire throughout Palestine including both Gaza and the West Bank , which Israel had refused .
The extremely tight race -- Calderón won by 0.5 % of the vote -- and the profound disappointment suffered by López Obrador and his supporters led them to contest the ruling of Mexico 's electoral authorities , and to refuse to acknowledge Calderón 's victory .
Mexico 's left refuses truly to embrace market economics , representative democracy , and the rule of law .
Perhaps weirdest of all , there are imprisoned guerrillas who refuse to be set free , and a government that insists on liberating them , even against their will .
But , just as former US Vice-President Al Gore recently refused to share a dais with Uribe in Miami , many members of Congress refuse to approve a trade agreement or an aid package that may link them to a government tainted by egregious human rights abuses , complicity with drug lords , or both .
Perhaps weirdest of all , there are imprisoned guerrillas who refuse to be set free , and a government that insists on liberating them , even against their will .
But , just as former US Vice-President Al Gore recently refused to share a dais with Uribe in Miami , many members of Congress refuse to approve a trade agreement or an aid package that may link them to a government tainted by egregious human rights abuses , complicity with drug lords , or both .
The IFE shepherded Mexico through several crisis in 2006 , when the PRD 's presidential candidate , Andrés Manuel López Obrador , refused to accept his razor-thin margin of defeat and took his battle to the streets .
Elected with 35 % of the vote , he lacked a majority in Congress , and the opposition refused to acknowledge his victory .
Calderón has refused to touch these power structures , even though everyone , from the World Bank to left-wing rabble-rouser and former presidential candidate Andrés Manuel López Obrador , agree that they are the main impediments to Mexico 's progress .
Venezuela , Nicaragua , Bolivia , Ecuador , Paraguay , and possibly Argentina will refuse .
As a psychotherapist specializing in homosexuality , I have been consulted many times by anxious parents terrified that their little boy is gay -LRB- at age five ! -RRB- : he likes to play with dolls , enjoys the company of girls , refuses to play soccer .
When I ask them what they would think if their child was a little girl who liked to play baseball , enjoyed playing with boys and refused to play with dolls , they answer , `` Oh , that would be fine .
Despite complaints from the Episcopal Conference of the Catholic Church , chambers of commerce and political parties , the CSE has refused to allow a recount of the ballots or scrutiny by impartial observers .
Since India gained its independence , the government has systematically refused to collect sufficient data on the socioeconomic aspects of caste .
A little more than a year ago , poet and journalist Raúl Rivero Castañeda wrote that he refused to let America 's embargo against Cuba define the international debate over the fate of the island 's 11 million people .
But writers like Rivero and his fellow political prisoners , as well as those dissidents who are not in jail , refuse to let Castro off so easily .
The elected president wants to act , but the assembly refuses to approve the necessary laws . Or vice versa .
No surprise , then , that many EU citizens refuse , or at least hesitate , to embrace the European cause .
We know that a Serb officer defied Mladi? and refused to order his men to partake in mass murder .
In the run-up to the Iraq war , many member states refused even to consult their colleagues .
This was the trigger for Saturday 's breakdown : Spain and Poland refused to surrender the voting privileges they received at Nice .
But if the Fed refuses to accommodate inflation produced by a dollar collapse and accepts a depression in the belief that the long-run benefits of maintaining its credibility as a guarantor of price stability will come before we are all dead , American equities will suffer .
Now it has become clear that John McCain -- who once criticized George W. Bush 's tax cuts as imprudent and refused to vote for them -- has succumbed to this potion .
If so , then the unavoidable conclusion must be that things would not have been so bad if the government had refused to implement an expansionary fiscal policy , recapitalize banks , nationalize troubled institutions , and buy financial assets in non-standard ways .
With respect to Obama 's stimulus package , it seems to me that there has been extraordinary intellectual and political dishonesty on the American right , which the press refuses to see .
There were many reasons for this , but foremost among them was that China had already amassed more than $ 100 billion in reserves , and refused to revalue its currency , when the crisis hit .
Two ingredients are at work here : an economy that refuses to turn up -LRB- with no one inside or outside Japan having a clue as to how to change that -RRB- and an ailing financial superstructure .
Both countries recognize that if they refuse to sell America oil , other countries -LRB- Russia and Mexico -RRB- will take up the slack .
Sometimes Mexico should open the door to neighborly requests and sometimes it should refuse them .
I was supposed to put forward Russian proposals on the new security concept to the NATO-Russia Council -LRB- NRC -RRB- last September . But the Alliance refused to hold the scheduled meeting following the Georgia crisis .
Against this background , it seems inconceivable that the EU should refuse to support an EMU member in a situation similar to that of Hungary and Latvia , especially as all the countries that are currently on market watch lists are long-time EU members .
Not against the yen , which is the currency of an economy that refuses to grow .
They will warn that other EU countries like Portugal will refuse to undertake more reform , retrenchment , and repayment unless they receive similar largesse .
This is an atmosphere in which unhealthy balance sheets come under even greater pressure , and healthy investors refuse to engage .
Macedonia at one point agreed to design a new flag and remove the symbols , as well as to amend its constitution to clarify that it had no territorial claims on Greece , but it flatly refused to live under one of the tongue-twisting names suggested by its bigger neighbor .
The Kremlin trusted the West in 1989 . Subsequent Russian leaders refuse to be duped again .
John F. Kennedy refused to tolerate the Soviet military presence in Cuba .
Frustrations will continue , like those over the last year as creative efforts by Security Council members -- and more recently by Brazil and Turkey -- to find interim confidence-building solutions were rebuffed , largely because the leaders of last year 's democratic movement refused to support a compromise-inclined President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Those of us who see the potential for far more harm than good in the WikiLeaks disclosures , and refuse to join in the cheers for Assange and his colleagues , are probably trying to resist an inexorable tide .
The outer circles are the transition countries , while the rings around the center would be EU countries that still refuse to join the EMU , or do not yet fulfill all the conditions , like Romania and Bulgaria , or eventually the western Balkan countries and Turkey .
Were Iran to refuse the offer or fail to honor its obligations , it would totally isolate itself internationally and provide emphatic legitimization to further measures .
And we refuse to learn the lesson of the black swan even when the next one is already visible for all to see !
Turkey has refused to open its ports , airports , and roads to the Republic of Cyprus , as it is obligated to do by the Ankara Protocol , which set the terms of Turkey 's accession negotiations .
What use is vocal multilateralism , what use are German leaders ' lofty speeches about international law being exercised by the Security Council , if Germany refuses to endorse a resolution for the protection of Libya 's citizens from a brutal regime employing all means at its disposal in its fight for survival ?
More than most people realize , the Gospels treat recalcitrant Jews -- those who refused to accept Jesus as their Messiah -- as perpetrators of a crime that lives on in every generation .
However , the Committee refused to comment on whether his behavior was normal or deviant for the field in question .
In retrospect , the Committee probably should have refused the case , given that Lomborg 's book was subject to intense public scrutiny , often by experts writing -LRB- favorably -RRB- in The Economist and -LRB- unfavorably -RRB- in Scientific American .
Some of the soldiers who were ordered to beat us and to stop us from marching actually refused to do so , because they understood the truth of what we were doing .
India , in a mood of injured innocence , until recently has refused to hold such talks until Pakistan ceased its support for the Kashmiri insurgents .
But they should not refuse to acknowledge that China 's mission to turn a nation of 1.3 billion poor people into a developed country through peace and free trade is one of the great , honorable , and most difficult sagas in human history .
As former French Prime Minister Pierre Mauroy put it in 1981 , when he refused to cancel a gas deal with the USSR over the imposition of martial law in Poland , `` Should the suffering of French people deprived of gas be added to the suffering of Polish people deprived of freedom ? ''
Initially , the Convention refused to include any mention of Christianity or Europe 's Judeo-Christian heritage whatsoever , citing only the Enlightenment tradition , alongside the Greeks and Romans .
Thus , when Russia banned imports of Belarusian dairy products -LRB- in an attempt to punish Lukashenko for accepting a $ 2,000,000,000 credit but not fulfilling his promise to recognize South Ossetia and Abkhazia -RRB- , Lukashenko refused to attend a CSTO summit or join its collective agreement for the establishment of an operational response force .
As long as member states remain fully sovereign , investors can not be assured that if the eurozone breaks up , some states will not simply refuse to pay -- or will not refuse to pay for the others .
What would also help would be to make clear that Iran would face additional sanctions , including constraints on its ability to import refined petroleum , if it refused to accept a fair and reasonable compromise .
At stake is not only assistance , but Pakistan 's own future , for , in the absence of genuine commitment to counter-terrorism , it is only a matter of time before the country falls victim to the infection that it refuses to treat .
Communist leaders insisted that the system was the result of history 's objective laws , which could not be challenged , and those who refused this logic were punished - just in case .
There is a considerable gap between offers of advice one can not refuse and the responsibility to deal with the consequences when that advice proves wrong or extremely difficult to implement .
This is undoubtedly why the Pakistani government refused an Indian offer to send in helicopters for relief work in and around Muzaffarabad , the flattened capital of Pakistani-administered Kashmir .
Sadly , in spite of a much celebrated peace process , Pakistan refuses visas to Indian peace groups and activists that seek to help in the relief effort .
France signed up for membership but later refused to submit her armed forces to NATO 's central command .
He refused to settle privately , because he believed that if he let corrupt government officials off the hook , `` they 'll keep scamming the public . ''
But NATO is also acting because some European countries want to show Washington that they can pull their security weight even though they refuse to go near the war in Iraq .
A plane with the UN envoy for human rights was denied landing rights in Baidoa -LRB- seat of the Somali parliament -RRB- not long ago , and pilots sometimes refuse to fly foreigners to Mogadishu , because it is too dangerous .
Most have refused .
Here , the West Europeans play a major role , because they are greatly overrepresented on the IMF 's executive board and , despite all entreaties , simply refuse to consolidate their seats in order to give emerging markets significantly more influence .
After the Varna City Court refused to allow the extradition , ruling that the charges were politically motivated , the Bulgarian authorities threatened to deport him .
Where the intelligentsia is not directly complicit , its members have , simply by remaining silent , refused to accept the responsibility that accompanies freedom .
Nevertheless , four years on , a UN investigation has yet to take place , because the military junta refuses to grant the UN access to the country .
But such measures are of no use when the military remains firmly in control , the rule of law is absent , and the government refuses to admit to the systematic sexual violence committed by its soldiers as they terrorize the population .
They would refuse to work with Korolev .
Back then , a peaceful and honest result was reached in the end because Ukraine 's President Leonid Kuchma refused to heed Yanukovich 's call to use violence to defend his rigged election .
The dirty tricks began in the midnight hours of August 11th , when Ukraine 's Central Election Commission -LRB- which is packed with Yanukovich placemen -RRB- refused to certify the largest opposition party , the bloc of former Prime Minister Yuliya Tymoshenko , to participate in the election .
Recent history is replete with alarming examples of dictators and would be dictators who refuse to recognize when their time has run out .
But for the past twenty years their blatant political chicanery has been met with a potent new force : the massed voices of ordinary people who refuse to be cowed .
What if Putin is wrong in his choice of successor , and Medvedev refuses to be his clone , but instead follows in the footsteps of Khrushchev , Gorbachev , and Yeltsin ?
Moreover , Tymoshenko managed Ukraine 's crisis despite the tremendous and often irresponsible resistance of her political opponents , who frequently paralyzed the parliament when the government refused to accept populist proposals that would undermine efforts at financial stabilization .
Then there was the 1917 Bolshevik Revolution , which the Poles refused to join , and Marshal Jozef Pilsudski 's miraculous victory over the Red Army at the gates of Warsaw in 1920 .
Because the Polish leaders refused to exonerate the Russians , Stalin accused the Poles of collaborating with the Germans in trying to shift the blame for Nazi crimes onto Russians .
Those who strive for the futile goal of a `` drug-free world '' refuse to recognize the proven benefits of harm reduction .
In both his first and second terms as Israel 's prime minister , Binyamin Netanyahu refused to follow the US script on the Israeli-Palestinian peace process .
Under heavy pressure from America , China 's leaders have agreed in principle to float the renminbi , but refuse to say when .
Many in the Governing Council wanted to go faster , because they knew they had a long journey in front of them , but Trichet refused .
The ECB has the same option , but refuses to use it .
But the ECB head and the Governing Council refused to yield either to insults or to heavy-handed political pressure to cut interest rates , cut them again , and then cut them some more .
Before then , the Catholic Church had lost almost two centuries -LRB- XVIII and XIX -RRB- because it refused to accept that the world had changed , that social and economic issues are among the most important , that modernity happened .
Second , the costs of abandoning diplomacy are so high that continued engagement makes sense even as Iran refuses to budge .
Until recently , Israeli officials have publicly and privately refused to respond to the Palestinian request for a ceasefire agreement .
But the Israeli government and army refuse , calling Hamas `` terrorists '' in order to deny them legitimacy , despite previously reaching understandings in southern Lebanon with Hezbollah , which they also consider a `` terrorist organization . ''
The US has also opposed Israel 's unilateral annexation of East Jerusalem , and -- along with every country on the planet -- refused to recognize the application of Israeli law to residents of East Jerusalem .
The newly established Israeli government refuses even to pay lip service to the internationally accepted requirements for peace .
The Netanyahu government has refused to agree to any such clear reference point before talks begin .
Some countries , such as the US , refuse to go further and regulate speech because of its content .
They refused to write a constitution permitting power to be concentrated in the hands of a leader legitimized by the emperor . This would have threatened the position of some of them and led to the oligarchy 's disintegration .
Hu 's Politburo has consistently refused to let peasants set up non-official farmers ' associations or trade unions .
But the workers , having seen what Morales-style management is like , refused , preferring to remain in the private sector .
`` Lance refused to become a statistic and instead rallied and became cancer 's worst enemy , '' wrote a reviewer of his first book .
This Kafkaesque turn of events was possible because Pavel has mental health issues in a system that refuses to protect his rights .
The lawyer agreed to represent him . But when he was subsequently detained in a psychiatric hospital , the Russian government refused to allow the lawyer access to his client .
And , in any coming showdown , we must hope that all leaders will refuse to use innocent people 's lives as bargaining chips .
The revolution 's veterans refuse to discuss their arrogant presumption of `` natural Redness , '' or to mention that they rebelled because they wanted power .
Yet no one should forget that on July 1 , 2003 , over 500,000 people protested because the government refused to allow more time to discuss proposed national security legislation .
The United Nations Framework Convention has refused to fund disaster preparedness efforts unless states demonstrate exactly how the disasters they feared were linked to climate change .
Participation in a common financial market should not be allowed for free riders who refuse to share information .
Many people hoped that Iran 's leaders , despite their extremism , would accept the offer if only to avoid sanctions -- which are sure to come even if China and Russia refuse to support them in the United Nations Security Council .
One learned religious teacher , for example , refused to believe that a man had landed on the moon .
Many senior Americans were puzzled that Turkey , a long-standing NATO ally and a secular state , refused to allow American forces to use Turkey as a base to invade Iraq .
Singh is one of the best economists in the world . At the same time , he demonstrated that he has a spine of steel when he refused to buckle under to severe pressures to renounce the India-United States nuclear deal .
And US President Barack Obama did nothing when Israel refused to extend its freeze on new building construction in the West Bank , causing Israeli West Bank settlers to rejoice .
The Kremlin refuses to publicly admit that today 's terrorism has its roots predominantly in the Chechen war , which is now metastasizing throughout the Northern Caucasus .
Moreover , the city refused to give its votes to a president who exploited its disaster for political gain .
They are imprisoned for their Stalinist allegiance ; when they are finally allowed to return to Italy , their old comrades refuse to accept them .
Many have argued that Indian women should stand up to their families and refuse to abort their daughters .
If it declares bankruptcy and refuses to buy back its assets , bankruptcy laws should give the central bank the first claim on the bank 's assets .
Gbagbo refused to acknowledge the result , claiming vote-rigging , and was declared re-elected by the Constitutional Court , which nullified 600,000 ballots in several northern constituencies .
But Gbagbo refused to denounce the tribal\/religious chauvinism that excluded Ouattara and millions of Ivoirian northerners from full citizenship rights .
The provincial can not admit his inferiority and refuses to learn from others .
Of course , this does not excuse those who refuse to listen to reasoned analysis about our country 's past , but Russians will not accept glib rants .
This system , which allows organs to be harvested also from refusers who have failed to express their refusal , has not increased trust in medicine , either .
Moreover , it is likely to discriminate against people who are either unaware of the donor-card system or tend to refuse to sign the card for reasons associated with religious beliefs or low trust in the medical authorities .
The government knows that it has a political tiger by the tail , but refuses to acknowledge it , either inside China or outside .
It recently refused to purchase the full number of Airbus troop transport planes that it had promised to buy .
From an American perspective , flexible ad hoc coalitions of the willing have turned out to be more useful than the established NATO alliance , where Germany led the fight to refuse Turkey 's request for support .
For all German Chancellors from Konrad Adenauer to Helmut Kohl , France was the favorite European partner , but they refused to accept French offers to create a `` Franco-German union '' that would destroy the mediating character of German foreign policy .
A leader of Solidarity , a former political prisoner , and the foreign minister responsible for Poland 's accession to NATO , Geremek had refused to sign yet another declaration that he had not been a communist secret police agent .
The losers refused to admit that the achievement of freedom was Poland 's greatest success in 300 years .
Those who refused or filed a false declaration were to be fired and banned from working in their profession for ten years .
To refuse to deal with a painful past is to risk reproducing it .
As hosts of the conference , the Ghanaians were particularly incensed at being asked to make an arrest under such circumstances , and refused to do so .
The purported reason for closing The Daily News is that the paper refused to register under the bizarrely named Access to Information and Protection of Privacy Act -LRB- AIPPA -RRB- of 2002 on the grounds that it violates Zimbabwe 's constitutional guarantee of freedom of expression .
In the same spirit , Europeans resolutely refuse to accept that the US might legitimately have different geopolitical interests -- so that when US policies diverge from their own , Europeans assume that the Americans simply got it wrong , and that they clearly need Europe 's wise advice to set them straight .
The law would permit marital rape , limit women 's movements -- say , for work or study -- without male permission , and even make it illegal for a woman to refuse to dress as her husband wishes .
Renewing the News NEW YORK -- Last week , rumors from the world of print media were rife : a hundred reporters from The New York Times news desk to be bought out -- or to lose their jobs if they refuse ; steep cutbacks at British newspapers ; staffs slashed at Condé Nast -- eight respected editors axed at Glamour magazine .
In balancing whether to use multilateral or unilateral tactics , or to adhere or refuse to go along with particular multilateral initiatives , any country must consider how to explain its actions to others and what the effects will be on its soft power .
Nevertheless , the administration refuses to be held back by institutional restraints .
Russia began 2006 by cutting off natural gas exports to Ukraine after its government refused to pay a fourfold increase in the subsidized price .
Gorbachev refused to sanction the use of force to put down demonstrations .
But the loosely worded accord soon collapsed , and North Korea refused to return to the talks until the US stopped shutting down bank accounts suspected of counterfeiting and laundering money for Kim 's regime .
Kenya and Ethiopia refused , saying they were still in the process of building a nation .
Whatever the reasons for the decline , if the public becomes unwilling to provide such crucial resources as tax dollars , or to comply voluntarily with laws , or if bright young people refuse to go into government service , governmental capacity will be impaired and people will become more dissatisfied with it .
But the agreement soon collapsed , and North Korea refused to return to the talks until the United States stopped shutting down bank accounts suspected of counterfeiting and laundering money for Kim 's regime .
Serbia remains stuck in a nineteenth-century world of nationalism and refuses to recognize the new global realities of economic interdependence , inter-state reciprocity , and collectivism &#45; &#45; all of which characterize today 's EU .
But , although banking and finance have taken center stage , the EU 's constitutional problem refuses to go away .
This new , decentralized free-market regime currently encompasses only a small part of China 's vast territory , and many Chinese officials still refuse to acknowledge its existence .
Obasanjo refused to call them to order , even after they invaded and razed government offices .
There is a second obstruction as well : the US Congress refuses to face up realistically to the climate challenge , because China , as a developing country , is not obliged to accept compulsory carbon limits .
Then , because the US refuses to take responsibility for its cumulative and per capita greenhouse-gas emissions -- which are , respectively , roughly four and three times greater than China 's -- the Chinese leadership refuses to make concessions .
But he stubbornly refused , and his belated admission came too late to gain public favor .
However , it fails to engage the deep intellectual divisions regarding economic development , trade , and globalization , because it refuses to admit the legitimacy of such disagreements .
I refused .
If they refuse to express support for the US , on whom they rely for their security , the Americans will regard them as disloyal .
When they implicitly refused to support the anti-American stances of France and Germany in the current crisis , they were seen as disloyal to the EU .
Israel still refuses to accept the new Palestinian national unity government as a negotiating partner because Hamas is part of that government .
Such a policy can include additional Security Council sanctions , but it must also carry an offer of dialogue that pragmatic forces in Iran would not refuse .
They know that elected politicians are prone to graft , but now refuse blatant disenfranchisement and the formation of governments like Abhisit 's , which was brokered in an army barracks .
Only the prison doctor , it seems , was prepared to say that he did not have more than three months to live , while four specialists refused to say how long he might have .
Vice President Dick Cheney 's office also is reportedly playing an active role . Zardari , in a joint press conference with Sharif , refused to answer a question about whether there is pressure from the US to ally with Musharraf .
Israeli policymakers refuse to talk about the subject .
I refused to accept the invitation from the president of the Human Rights Council at the time , Ambassador Martin Uhomoibhi of Nigeria , to lead the investigation following the Human Rights Council 's January 12 , 2009 resolution . As a former UN High Commissioner for Human Rights , I felt strongly that the Council 's resolution was one-sided and did not permit a balanced approach to determining the situation on the ground .
But the government refused to investigate and did nothing with the information .
So farmers refused to plant trees , cashew processors refused to take their resources elsewhere , and urban workers refused to look for other jobs .
After independence from Britain in 1783 , America 's states refused to repay their Revolutionary War debts .
Others , like Massachusetts , tried to levy taxes , but its citizens refused to pay them .
The simple fact is that even if US trade negotiator Susan Schwab had refused to make a single `` concession , '' and if Europe , Japan , and the big emerging markets had kept their best offers on the table , the US would still remain more open than all but a few small countries .
The first George W. Bush administration was probably right to refuse to sign the so-called `` Kyoto Protocol , '' albeit for the wrong reasons .
But Philippine courts have refused to resort to the use of such damage awards as a tool for controlling behavior , particularly of businessmen .
Murdered when France and Germany refused to abide by its rules , the Stability Pact 's ghost is haunting Europe , particularly the postcommunist countries that join the European Union in May .
Moreover , there would be few holdouts that refuse to participate in the exchange .
Israel refused even to negotiate with the Hamas-led Palestinian government , trying to squeeze it financially and make it capitulate .
Hamas refused to acknowledge a two-state solution except obliquely , and then under considerable pressure .
The most recent debacle began when President George W. Bush called for Palestinian democracy in 2004 , but then refused to honor the democratic process .
They refuse to come to the aid of the destitute , and defend tax cuts at every opportunity .
Yet at Cancun , Mexico earlier this summer , it refused to open its markets even to exports from struggling African economies .
It is ironic that the United States , which portrays itself as a friend of democracy and impoverished countries , gives the smallest share of its GNP in aid among the rich countries , and also refuses to participate in global efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
I believe that few wealthy people would refuse to contribute a small portion of their huge wealth for the chance to save the lives of millions of people each year and help the poorest countries get the first foot on the ladder of economic development .
Those who refuse to put tough choices to their publics may have an easier time now , but when catastrophe strikes , they will lose credibility and legitimacy .
But Luo Yuan , a senior colonel at the Chinese Academy of Military Sciences , recently declared that if Taiwan 's leaders `` refuse to come to their senses and continue to use referenda as an excuse to seek independence , they will push -LRB- their -RRB- compatriots into the abyss of war . ''
Her request was refused , as was her earlier plea in 2006 to suspend her sentence until her two small sons reached the age of 14 -- a request she was entitled to make under Russian law .
The judge refused without comment requests by the defense to remove the cage and to replace one of the prosecutors , who had already been a prosecuting counsel during the first trial .
It would also be ineffective , because developing countries will -- legitimately -- refuse to assume by themselves the burden of protecting the world 's biodiversity to the detriment of their economic growth .
The farmer may neglect the crop or refuse to invest in saving a failing crop if he knows that a payout is forthcoming .
Employees learned in the experiments that employers largely could be trusted to give such bonuses as a reward for hard work , even though no one could hold them formally accountable if they selfishly refused .
But they refuse to accept that this was the root cause of the crisis .
For example , China has refused to endorse Russia 's recognition of the independence of South Ossetia and Abkhazia , and has encouraged the SCO 's other members to do the same .
But , although Zakaev was one of the most moderate members of the Chechen resistance , an amnesty for him needed the Kremlin 's approval , and he does not seem to have received it , which is probably why he refused Kadyrov 's offer .
South Africa has a vested interest in stability , and it can turn the screws on Mugabe 's regime , much as it has refused to contemplate any form of sanctions because of their impact on the poor .
One is whether a person has a right to refuse life-sustaining medical treatment .
That document states that to refuse a burdensome medical treatment `` is not the equivalent of suicide . '' On the contrary , such a refusal `` should be considered an acceptance of the human condition , or a wish to avoid the application of a medical procedure disproportionate to the results that can be expected , or a desire not to impose excessive expense on the family or the community . ''
If an incurably ill patient can refuse burdensome treatment , knowing that this refusal will mean his or her death , why should an incurably ill patient who is not being kept alive by any medical treatment , but finds that the illness itself makes life burdensome , be unable to seek assistance in escaping that burden ?
By focusing on the narrower intention to refuse burdensome treatment , rather than the broader implications of the choice , the Roman Catholic Church is able to avoid the inhumane implication that patients must always accept life-prolonging treatment , no matter how painful or costly such treatment may be .
Many countries recognize a legal right to refuse medical treatment .
The Rapaport Group , an international network of companies providing services to the diamond industry , refuses to list Marange diamonds on its diamond-trading platform , RapNet .
Many of his own men have refused to fire on their own people , instead defecting to the rebels or flying their planes to nearby Malta , so Qaddafi has called in mercenaries from neighboring countries who are more willing to obey his orders .
MUNICH -- Despite huge rescue packages , interest-rate spreads in Europe refuse to budge .
According to the directive 's preamble , the state can not cite insufficient assets as a reason to refuse a residence permit , as this would be inadmissible discrimination .
Only `` unreasonable '' claims may be refused , but the state will bear the burden of proving unreasonableness .
Robert Mugabe , for example , refuses to leave office -- at great cost to Zimbabwe 's people -- for fear of being put on trial .
This is because Krugman refuses to take seriously Keynes 's crucial distinction between risk and uncertainty .
Last November , Musharraf effectively declared war on both the bar and the judiciary , dismissing all judges who refused to recognize his declaration of a state of emergency , purportedly aimed at protecting the nation from terrorists .
Musharraf dissolved the Supreme Court and the four High Courts , put Chaudhry and his entire family under house arrest , sealed the Supreme Court premises under army guard , and proceeded to arrest and detain all judges who refused to swear allegiance to the Provisional Constitutional Order upholding the state of emergency .
Russia consistently refuses to allow Western companies the same access to Russian facilities that Russian state energy companies already enjoy in Europe and the United States .
A `` revolt of the middle classes '' that increasingly refuse to pay for society 's `` underdogs '' is accompanied by budgetary constraints that can also make solidarity seem a luxury .
The Left is in the Streets PARIS -- The riots that have rampaged across Greece may have many causes , but one that is rarely mentioned is the fracturing of the Greek left into George Papandreou 's traditional socialist party , PASOK , and an increasingly radicalized faction that refuses all accommodation with either the European Union or modern economics .
Italy 's investigating magistrates have consistently refused to accept the popularity and electoral power of a business tycoon whom they have tried to convict for many years .
Foreign ministries translated that idea into the Stability Pact , but finance ministers refused to finance it , so the pact remained an empty shell .
That is precisely the possibility that Bush refuses to acknowledge , and his denial appeals to a significant segment of the American public .
On Monday he allowed Lehman Brothers to fail and refused to make government funds available to save AIG .
The participating states established a common central bank , but they explicitly refused to surrender the right to tax their citizens to a common authority .
It will be the task of regulators to understand derivatives and synthetic securities , and to refuse to allow their creation if they can not fully evaluate the systemic risks .
Acting at the behest of the member states , the ECB has sufficient powers of persuasion : it could close its discount window to the banks , and the governments could seize institutions that refuse to cooperate .
But any `` last stand '' type of warfare refuses to recognize the possibility of a future war for which it may be a precedent .
If one believes that market instability is rare , then it is reasonable to refuse to act unless there is a compelling case to do so .
The Bush administration , however , refuses to disclose information which would show the role of corporate interests in setting its energy policy .
The US occupies one of Mauritius 's offshore islands , Diego Garcia , as a naval base without compensation , officially leasing it from the United Kingdom , which not only retained the Chagos Islands in violation of the UN and international law , but expelled its citizens and refuses to allow them to return .
More recently , oil companies have demonstrated little conscience in providing money that feeds guerrilla movements -- so long as their own interests are preserved . When , in Angola , one brave firm , BP , wanted to do the right thing by trying to make sure that oil royalties actually go to the government , rather than to corrupt officials , other oil companies refused to go along .
Finally , America has steadfastly refused to tie its hands in the way that Europe has .
Why did CBS refuse to release information of vital concern to the public ?
The Kyoto Protocol was a major achievement , yet it left out 75 % of the sources of emissions : the US , the largest polluter , refused to sign . -LRB- With Australia 's new government now having signed the Protocol , America is now the sole holdout among the advanced industrial countries . -RRB-
It is only the government that steadfastly refuses to intervene in the debate or propose any action .
The hostage rescue mission has also forced Chávez , still recovering from his failed power-grab referendum of last year -LRB- a moment when Chávez 's own army high command allegedly refused his demand to fudge the result -RRB- onto the defensive .
That agenda is `` Islam , '' which many imagine to include all the terrible things that we can read about in the press every day : the stoning of adulterous women under Sharia law in northern Nigeria , the amputation of thieves ' hands in Saudi Arabia , honor killings of women who refuse arranged marriages in Pakistan -LRB- or even northern English cities like Bradford and Manchester -RRB- , the willingness to justify suicide bombings .
To provide additional incentives to abide by the rules , the ECB could refuse to accept debt issued under national ratings as collateral .
What would an account about evil be like if the author refused to identify himself with either the hero or the victim ?
This July , the World Trade Organization 's Doha trade round fell to pieces , partly because the US refused to lower its agricultural subsidies .
Among ordinary Zimbabweans walk heroes - heroes who waited hours and hours to vote , heroes who refused to be turned away .
Whoever refuses to make a public case for what he or she intends to do when in power , or lies about it -- as Ukraine 's current president , Viktor Yanukovich , did during his campaign against me last year -- is no supporter of the democracy that citizens risked their lives to establish .
Political prisoners , hungry children , the homeless Chernobyl refugees , or the irradiated workers in need of a lifetime of medical help -- to dismiss their plight , to refuse to offer some spark of hope , is to exile them to a netherworld of helplessness .
And the European Central Bank would have fewer excuses to refuse Greek bonds as collateral .
Another lawyer , Sergei Magnitsky , died in prison after being refused medical treatment .
If he refused treatment and was released because he posed no imminent threat , his severe mental disorder would nonetheless have been diagnosed .
Iran , predictably , has refused to back down , which some observers have suggested reflects the failure of the world 's major powers to speak with a unified voice .
Many Western governments , however , refuse to place their forces under AU command , owing to its perceived weaknesses , and have conditioned further support for peacekeeping operations in Darfur on the UN 's assuming control .
At an emergency meeting on September 1 , EU leaders refused to continue the PCA talks until Russia removed its combat units from the Georgian separatist regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia .
More generally , for reasons of pride and history , many Russians refuse to believe that US policymakers have become more concerned about Iran 's minimal strategic potential than they are about Russia 's robust nuclear forces .
Three former military attorneys , recognizing this blunt truth , refused to participate in the `` military tribunals '' -- rather , `` show trials '' -- aimed at condemning men whose confessions were elicited through torture .
Passengers who have refused to be patted down on their genitals have been handcuffed to chairs .
Estonia and Lithuania applied as well , but were refused entry .
Hamas apparently did not envision a full-scale confrontation with Israel when it refused to renew a six-month truce .
Bush still refuses to talk to either of them , and has lately been having US troops arrest Iranian agents in Iraq .
But the King refused to meet the Shia delegation .
Indeed , Kuwait refuses to forgive Iraq 's Saddam-era debts , and is building a port at Mubarak al-Kabir , which Iraqis view as a naked attempt to suffocate Iraq 's already limited access to the Persian Gulf .
President Putin , meanwhile , steadfastly refuses to discuss the Yukos affair or the actions of the law enforcement agencies with Russia 's business community .
If Californians refuse , Obama could face a widening revolt -- against the idea of expanded government as the chief response to what ails America at home .
