Irresponsible borrowing by governments in international credit markets requires irresponsible lending .
In a bellicose world , a credible voice in the international arena requires a creditable military capability and high-tech military technology .
Here again , winning the battle for deregulation requires convincing consumers that they stand to benefit .
Generating sufficient political support to enact reforms that can survive the opposition of vested interests requires attempting to deregulate the entire economy simultaneously , not select industries , one by one .
Today , the Party 's political bureau has more than 20 members and each resolution requires unanimity .
This requires not just reinforcing resilience in the face of crisis , but also equipping euro-area economies for the longer-term challenges of globalization , aging , resource scarcity , and climate change .
This will mean starting to imagine -- without panic or rush , and with all the care and thoughtfulness that this conversation requires -- a global civics .
If divisive decisions must be taken , healthy partnership requires that they be discussed openly and honestly .
Moreover , the Area of Freedom , Security , and Justice still requires unanimity for essential decisions in the fight against crime and terrorism and therefore , implying excruciating slowness .
Others , such as Robert Dahl , argue that democracy requires smaller communities based on shared interests and personal relations .
This requires a framework that takes into account , among other things , developmental possibilities , environmental concerns , labor conditions , and community interests , and that is adaptable to changing circumstances .
Turkey 's experience shows that true security in the region requires internal stability and social peace .
Not all countries will embrace the Protocol . Some will prefer to avoid any strengthening of economic , social , and cultural rights and will seek to maintain the status quo . The better and fairer position , however , is to embrace the vision of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and promote unambiguously the idea that human dignity requires respect for the equally vital and mutually dependent freedoms from fear and want .
But this requires containing tribal and regional polarization , as well as the rivalries between the Interim National Council -LRB- INC -RRB- and the Military Council -LRB- MC -RRB- , and between senior military commanders .
Europe requires institutional changes that are much more fundamental than anything discussed so far .
Resolving these semi-dormant wars requires stepped-up political involvement , economic engagement , and a willingness to provide Western peacekeeping forces and monitors if and when they are needed .
In fact , the obsession with Syria 's sectarian rivalries provides destabilizing external forces with the oxygen that their inflammatory rhetoric requires .
And that requires a national dialogue , overseen by the international community , aimed at bolstering internal unity -- and thus at protecting the country from regional interference .
Such an assessment requires acknowledging that the election was far from flawless : Hamas and Islamic Jihad boycotted the poll , and Marwan Barghouti , a fellow Fatah member with Abbas and the one candidate who could seriously have challenged him , was ungently persuaded by the movement 's leadership to withdraw his candidacy in order to present a unified front .
The reason for these differences is simple : democratic transition requires not only elections , but also several pre-conditions -- a vibrant civil society ; previous traditions , whether actual or remembered , of representation , pluralism , tolerance , and individualism ; a limited role of religion ; and an effective institutional framework for a multi-party system .
But that requires commitment to a real vision of what constitutes a minimally functioning Afghan state , beyond the obvious need for effective security forces .
This requires ensuring the credibility and transparency of the accounting rules that define budget deficits and public debt , with closer monitoring also focusing on the development of asset bubbles , which cause deep recessions -- and thus sharp increases in budget deficits -- when they burst .
Gaining useful knowledge from animal research requires robust experimental findings : different scientists should be able to reproduce them in different locations .
This requires a thorough understanding of each animal species and its biology .
To achieve this requires using a magnet to accelerate a plasma that is a big flame of deuterium and tritium nuclei .
As a result , our economic interdependence requires careful coordination , not just in the coming weeks , but , crucially , in the longer term .
As a result , our economic interdependence requires careful coordination , not just in the coming weeks , but , crucially , in the longer term .
Thus , left Confucians favor institutional reform , arguing that the long-term stability and legitimacy of political institutions requires that they be founded on Chinese traditions .
Converting Syria An Arab-Israeli peace requires a comprehensive approach , because the problems at stake are intertwined .
But this requires that both Israel and the United States change course .
The idea that the Arab-Israeli peace process requires choosing between a Syrian or a Palestinian track has proved to be a dangerous fallacy .
Unfortunately , inspiration , too , requires the threat of effective military power to be an effective force for change .
The resurgence of the Taliban in Afghanistan requires a more robust military response , but with the American army bogged down in Iraq and the Western allies reluctant to send additional troops , the country 's dismemberment by local warlords is not a far-fetched scenario .
To achieve this objective requires resolution of the Arab-Israeli conflict , particularly the Palestinian question .
The resolution of conflicts of this nature requires the recovery of historical memory and a proper hearing of the two parties ' historical narratives , perhaps through the creation of Truth and Reconciliation Committees .
Whatever route is taken , the great question today concerns the enigma that is Bibi Netanyahu , a would-be Churchill who believes that his mission is to thwart the designs of Iran 's evil new Shia empire , something which requires the goodwill of the international community , particularly of the Obama administration .
Being able to act militarily requires capable , flexible forces that are suited to their mission .
Finally , as all of the EU 's 27 member states are now trying to reduce public spending in sustainable ways , financing for military operations , without which nothing is possible , requires a new approach .
All of this requires coordination .
All this signaled to allies abroad and citizens at home that Britain 's cooperation should not be taken for granted , that it requires domestic approval .
Myth 3 : `` Free trade requires that other countries also open their markets . ''
As with any therapeutic intervention , the most convincing and direct proof of the preventive efficacy of antioxidant supplements requires randomized , controlled clinical trials .
The private sector needs to become more involved in infrastructure , which requires the adoption of adequate public-private partnerships .
This requires cutting compulsory contributions to the public system , while maintaining benefit levels for current retirees .
The rules-based approach of the SGP is fundamentally sound , but it requires operational criteria that can be defined with some precision .
Of course , any estimate of the implicit pension debt requires caveats and arbitrary assumptions .
Realistic restrictions in Europe can be adopted only by taking into account migration spillovers across jurisdictions , which requires implementing policies that are agreed at the EU level .
That requires contracts that do not come with a fixed expiry date .
However , a referendum in Italy requires 50 % turnout to validate the outcome .
This approach requires judgment and resolve in separating insolvent institutions from solvent ones .
Since every dollar , euro , yen , rupee , or yuan borrowed today requires the same present value in future interest payments -- and therefore future taxes -- there are important long-term costs to balance against whatever benefits the deficits create today ; there is no fiscal free lunch .
Of course , any regulation in this field requires at least some involvement by a doctor but the Oregon Act recognizes the fundamental dilemma faced by doctors confronted with a patient 's request to die and strives to keep that involvement to a minimum .
On the contrary , fair play requires American power to back it up .
Moreover , any viable solution in Iraq requires political agreement among Iraqis , which in turn will depend on their willingness to compromise .
This requires modifying some of the rules governing its own internal carbon market , the EU Emission Trading Scheme -LRB- EU ETS -RRB- .
Given the inherent tension implied by neo-conservatism 's simultaneous embrace of secular free-market capitalism and `` traditional '' values , its strategy , perfected since the Reagan era , has been to re-draw the lines of division : then , as now , the West is `` at risk , '' which requires nurturing a strongly emotional distinction between `` us '' and `` them . ''
But realizing these aims requires cooperation from the government in Khartoum , whereas each of the proposed measures would only heighten tensions or prove useless .
The most important decision that Israel 's new government is likely to face , when the time comes , is whether the country 's well being and even survival requires acting decisively against Iran 's nuclear facilities .
But it requires us to put in place a new climate change agreement now -- one that all countries can accept .
Here is one case where a bit more vulgar showbiz may be exactly what democracy requires .
As with environmentalism , sustainable medicine requires reformulating the idea of progress that drives technology costs and fuels public demand .
Long-term affordability and equitable access requires a finite vision of medicine and health care , one that does not try to overcome aging , death , and disease , but tries to help everyone avoid a premature death and to live decent , even if not perfect , lives .
Sustainable medicine also requires comparing health care expenditure with spending on other socially important goods .
But , to be fair , rationing requires the knowledge and general consent of all who are subject to it .
This requires sensitive debate , thoughtful leadership , and financial assistance to keep girls in school .
In principle , IDB membership requires OAS membership , and therein may lie the reason why Cuba insisted so strongly on returning , and why it was ultimately disappointed in not obtaining unconditional re-admission .
To become a full-fledged UN member , the Security Council must recommend the move to the General Assembly ; but upgrading the Palestinian Authority 's status to that of the Vatican -- which in theory would allow it to participate in many UN agencies , including the International Criminal Court -- requires only a two-thirds vote in the General Assembly .
This requires further development and deepening of strategic relations with emerging powers , such as China , India , and Brazil , as well as with regional organizations .
It requires patience , development of models , and willingness to undertake long-term studies .
The legislation is meant to comply with Article 23 of the Basic Law , the mini-constitution that governs Hong Kong and that requires the government to enact laws against treason , sedition , subversion , and theft of national secrets .
Journalists argue that defending the public 's interest sometimes requires reporting state secrets .
But nuclear power requires even more .
Whichever `` hero '' wins , however , building enduring peace and stability in war-scarred Sri Lanka requires a genuine process of national reconciliation and healing .
Transforming China from an export-driven economy to one that relies on domestic consumption requires two fundamental reforms .
But conventional geothermal power requires a natural source of large quantities of steam or hot water , and such sources are usually found only in volcanic regions , which rules out its use in large parts of the world .
To get poor societies to grow , we need to change their cultures , not just their institutions and associated incentives , and that requires exposing more people in these societies to life in advanced economies .
Distinguishing between enhancement and treatment requires defining normality and disease , which is notoriously difficult .
Ensuring high-quality education for all children requires an open discussion of educational goals , an international commitment to improving its effectiveness and economic efficiency , recognition of the need to extend secondary education to all children , and acknowledgment of educational diversity and the need to adapt aid policies to local contexts .
Then there are those who believe that EU enlargement has prevented greater `` deepening , '' and who , with scant regard for the past or the future , argue that pursuing the latter requires abandoning the former .
That requires more representation by farmers and workers in the National People 's Congress and sub-national legislative organs , more freedom for public-spirited journalists to investigate cases of social injustice , and more freedom for civic organizations to act on behalf of the environment and those who do not benefit from economic reform .
The EU should aggressively enforce the Cotonou Agreement , which requires Ethiopia and other nations that receive European assistance to respect `` human rights , democratic principles , and the rule of law . ''
Second , defending our values requires instruments of power .
It requires plausible leadership and the reasonable hope that things will get better before long .
Undeniably , the independence of judges today requires more than lifetime tenure and reasonable emoluments -LRB- which were Hamilton 's concerns -RRB- .
The process requires constitution making of an often complex and painful kind .
The point of asking such questions is to remind ourselves that genuine constitutional politics requires serious thought and careful preparation .
In many cases this requires drastic measures , particularly insofar as our physical security is concerned .
It requires measures that do not come easily to citizens , groups , and authorities steeped in a tradition of liberalism and tolerance .
It requires a sense of social responsibility that accompanies and cushions the painful process of modernization .
Even the necessary minimum of a common language requires a deliberate effort , to say nothing of certain rules of behavior .
Security requires not just troops , but laws and their enforcement .
What one might call `` the liberal order '' requires at least two institutional ingredients .
It requires persons of great courage to become judges , and strong authorities to enforce their judgments .
Such improvement requires above all self-help , the actions of individuals who will not accept the misery of the zero hour for long .
Perhaps what it requires most is a touch of Margaret Thatcher 's policies of the 1980 's , combined with Tony Blair 's rhetoric of today .
The constitution of liberty requires both , and the rule of law is the more difficult of the two to establish and maintain , for it requires not just a constitution but , almost more importantly , an independent judiciary that is sensitive to violations of constitutional and other legitimate rules .
The program of spreading the liberal order requires a much more sophisticated approach .
Above all , it requires international agencies and groupings that remain alert to the risks of illiberal democracies .
In short , citizenship in the full sense of the word requires basic rights and the ability to enforce them .
It also requires a basic economic status , including an income guarantee , which can be provided in a variety of ways .
This requires a constitutional court of sorts , as well as a judiciary and institutions to enforce its rulings .
To succeed requires programmatic clarity , organizational honesty , and an understanding of the concerns of societies that have lost their traditional structures .
It requires a sense of the medium term and a commitment to rational debate of issues , for one tradition that can be revived -- that of enlightened thinking -- is the most important of all .
This requires parliaments that can both legislate and govern .
Sustainable development therefore requires that , relative to their populations , each generation should bequeath to its successor at least as large a productive base as it inherited .
A majority decision requires 50 % of the member states , about 72 % of their weighted votes , and 62 % of the EU 's total population .
Even if , at heart , they take the Bagehot view , all bankers recognize that market confidence requires them to demonstrate a more solid capital base to attract wholesale funding , as well as to satisfy the stricter demands of regulators .
In its proposed reforms of the regulatory system , the Obama administration plans to give the Fed more of these powers . That has inevitably strengthened the hands of those who argue that more power requires more accountability .
While Brazil 's registered unemployment rate is not very high by regional standards , its fast growing labor force requires a high rate of job creation .
This requires reasonable projections for domestic tax revenue and aid , as well as the right mix of foreign expertise to support the process .
To succeed , the transition to peace requires demobilization , disarmament and reintegration of former combatants , as well as reconstruction and rehabilitation of services and infrastructure .
But , in addition to the right legal and regulatory framework to ensure appropriate links to the national economy -- which is also lacking in most of the region -- the search for desirable investors requires an effective foreign investment promotion agency .
As Padraic White , a pioneer in this field who headed the Irish Industrial Development Agency -LRB- IDA-Ireland -RRB- from 1980 to 1990 argues , FDI promotion requires imagination and the ability to think innovatively .
The executive director should put together a team of analysts located in critical locations abroad and able to conduct business intelligence . This requires investigation of markets and trends , and identification of specific firms that would be desirable for the clusters or niches that the country wants to promote .
This requires careful planning , bold and innovative solutions for inducing the Taliban to give up their arms , and a commitment to `` stay the course '' with the right policies , possibly for many years .
A global savings glut would suggest that rebalancing the world economy requires policies to boost America 's savings rate and to increase non-US households ' consumption .
And the only way for the trade deficit to shrink substantially is for net imports to fall , which requires either a relatively sharp decline in the value of the dollar , thereby raising import prices , or a depression in the US .
Answering that question requires that we first answer another question : `` Compared to what ? ''
To do anything that requires legislative action , the Obama administration needs Voinovich and the 59 other senators who are more inclined to support it .
For in order to bring an end to the division of Cyprus respect for the rule of law is necessary , and this requires that the two ex-cofounders of the Republic are treated as equals .
The promotion of large-scale land investment is based on the belief that combating hunger requires boosting food production , and that supply has been lagging because of a lack of investment in agriculture .
The commitment to European integration requires a common vernacular , and that is English .
· Reinforce anti-terrorist cooperation . The fight against terrorism , which requires short-term successes , must be differentiated from the long-term process of reform .
Indeed , the main lesson of recent years is that their own security requires that they support democratic openings elsewhere .
Of course , the logic behind calls to restrict our freedoms has a simplistic appeal : extremists use our freedoms to commit their crimes , so preventing the abuse of freedom requires curtailing freedom 's scope .
Europe 's response to terror requires , first and foremost , strengthening its intelligence services so that they can detect and dismantle terrorist cells while respecting basic rights and due process .
It also requires greater coordination among all the European Union 's member states and their allies and partners .
Effective treatment and cure of MDR-TB requires prolonged use -LRB- typically two years -RRB- of a combination of drugs , including second-line drugs that for the most part are less potent than first-line agents , more toxic , or both .
Obtaining that history requires consent from the individuals whose genomes are sequenced .
It also requires a lot of data processing to make the records usable .
But ISPs ' costs also include warning people away from bad sites , which requires a due-process system to notify owners of compromised websites -- so that they can fix them or realize that they have been exposed .
Second , they need to use their workforces efficiently , which requires modern labor legislation that encourages employment of women , the young , and senior citizens .
Completing its monetary union requires Europe to create a proper emergency financing mechanism .
It needs to establish them -- and fast -- which requires finally addressing matters that have been off-limits in the past .
Anatomy of a Crisis BERKELEY -- Getting out of our current financial mess requires understanding how we got into it in the first place .
Answering this question requires understanding the reasons behind Britain 's lack of technological progressiveness .
But internal devaluation requires debt restructuring .
Again , making this work requires European countries to move together .
All of this requires leadership .
Preventing future crises similar to this one therefore requires resolving the problem of global imbalances .
Disbursing more than 20 % of the credits available to a country still requires that it first reach an agreement with the IMF , and 20 % of a country 's entitlement is actually less than it contributes to the pool .
But making this vision a reality requires further bold thinking .
But the STLF still requires a burdensome application process , which only Mexico , Colombia , and Poland have been willing to endure .
But playing politics by Putin 's rules requires scores of hired professionals , the so-called `` political technologists . ''
The international community requires real confidence that there would be enough lead time -- 12 months or so -- in which to respond to any evidence of real intent to move to weaponization .
But this requires careful preparation , adjustment and management .
But clear price signals are not enough , as a low-carbon future requires major breakthroughs in technology development and deployment .
In a cap-and-trade system , the government sets total allowable national emissions of CO2 per year and requires any firm that causes CO2 emissions to have a permit per ton of CO2 emitted .
Since reducing the trade deficit requires increasing exports and shrinking imports , the international value of the dollar must decline to make US products more attractive to foreign buyers and US goods and services more attractive to American consumers .
And , while the law mandates the Fed to ensure sustainable growth as well as low inflation , monetary officials recognize that sustainable growth requires price stability .
Instead , the US stresses to foreign governments that an effective global trading system requires not only the removal of formal trade barriers , but also the absence of policies aimed at causing currency values that promote large trade surpluses .
Eliminating or reducing this trade gap without depressing economic activity and employment in Greece requires that the country export more and import less .
That , in turn , requires making Greek goods and services more competitive relative to those of the country 's trading partners .
Making room for increased consumer spending requires reducing the level of exports by allowing the currency to appreciate .
The public pension system is unreliable , there is little health insurance available to pay for the high cost of Western-style care , parents must pay tuition for their children 's schooling , there is little credit available for purchases of consumer durable , and buying an apartment requires a large down-payment .
This requires coordinating policing and health programs within a coherent policy framework , investing in research and public education on drug policy , opening new programs to independent review , and standing up to ideological criticism , both domestic and international , with evidence and pragmatism .
Serbia has a bright future with the EU , but getting there requires that it break with its own past -- on both Kosovo and the atrocities of the Milosevic era .
What this requires is a sustainable consensus that includes all the parties involved .
Doing away with this illusion requires the creation of a global emissions market -- still a very distant goal .
It also requires more energy efficiency , which means a reduction of waste in both energy production and consumption .
Finally , it requires a technological and politico-economic breakthrough in favor of renewable energy , rather than a return to nuclear power or coal .
This requires several measures :
For that reason , Europe now requires leadership not from a weak EU Commission or from any other European institutions , but from the capitals of its major member countries .
So it is right to take the risks that change requires .
Judging the prospects of deterring Iran from becoming a nuclear power through sanctions and diplomatic isolation requires a closer analysis of the situation in the region between the Indus Valley and the Mediterranean .
Otherwise , they would recognize that the financial crisis has long become a political crisis threatening the EU 's very existence , and thus that a permanent crisis-resolution mechanism for debt-distressed members , while clearly needed , requires a permanent political crisis-resolution mechanism in order to succeed .
Genuine eurozone stability presupposes macroeconomic alignment , which in turn requires the political integration of a well-functioning economic union .
What the eurozone needs now is n't a repetition of Maastricht , but a kind of Schmidt\/Giscard 2.0 . This kind of initiative requires the support of Germany and France , because the crisis can not be resolved without them .
Both countries together , however , must inaugurate the step towards economic union , which requires that both governments actually want that .
What the EU is facing in the Mediterranean is n't primarily a currency problem ; first and foremost , it is a strategic problem -- one that requires solutions urgently .
Resolving this crisis requires more Europe and more integration , not less .
To be successful , this strategy also requires a realistic threat of isolation of those who continue to undermine regional stability , as well as substantial progress in the Arab-Israeli conflict .
To tackle global food security successfully , we must change the way we treat rural development , which requires adopting a much more bottom-up approach .
Governments really have no choice : they must take responsibility and exercise power , even if it requires swimming against the tide of public opinion -- and especially if it can help alleviate the social suffering brought on by the crisis .
Above all , the EU requires cooperation .
Citizens know by experience that democracy does not consist in universal suffrage alone , but also requires a public sphere that is equally open to all .
It is now clear that avoiding catastrophic climate change requires dramatic and rapid reductions in greenhouse-gas emissions , cuts that would lower annual emissions to 80 % below 1990 levels by 2050 .
Moreover , although the European Commission clearly has a duty to prevent mismanagement and fraud , every application for EU funding requires extremely onerous procedures .
Containing systemic risks , therefore , requires not just ensuring transparency and managing leverage in the system , but also recognizing that these risks vary along with asset values . If institutions that were heavily exposed had understood this , they would have raised their capital buffers during the run-up in housing and equity prices in order to protect themselves against the inevitable reversals .
Democratic transitions need to be driven by societies that want democracy , and since the latter requires institutions , it is usually a fairly long and drawn out process .
It requires an increasingly controversial assumption : all human beings - whatever their achievements , competences , status , or health - are equally significant members of society , whose strength ultimately lies in what they can do together .
An adequate assessment of this capacity requires looking at its multiplier effects .
From a strictly economic standpoint , academic freedom requires relative immunity to costs , whether stemming from trial-and-error experimentation or from more radical challenges to the status quo .
But the financial crisis has shown that a twenty-first-century market economy requires government participation to function .
It starts with an idea and requires a wide range of skills to bring that idea to fruition : synthesis or extraction of more or less complicated molecules , proof of their therapeutic effect in cell cultures and animals , testing for toxicity , and clinical studies .
Second , improvement of drug development requires more transparency from the regulatory bodies .
Third , better conditions for the approval of new drugs should be matched by better use of drugs , which requires better information for prescribers .
The CCAMLR should also apply to krill fishing the same monitoring , control , and surveillance measures that it requires for all other fisheries .
Today 's epidemic of youth unemployment , in particular , requires new approaches -- a development bank , for example , to help employ the bulging youth population in the Middle East and North Africa , and training and apprenticeship programs elsewhere .
So it is difficult to see how this path could lead to the collective and individual identity that European unification requires .
It also requires specifying a common date for ratification -LRB- through simultaneous referenda or parliamentary votes -RRB- for all countries that have not yet done so , including France and the Netherlands .
This task requires time , patience , hard work , and luck .
Tackling these challenges requires a clear understanding of how economic opportunities can be broadened to ensure faster poverty reduction , promote human development , and stimulate gender-inclusive growth .
High-ranking diplomats understand that their way of thinking requires one sort of diplomacy , and that a foreign policy focused on realizing Russia 's economic potential requires quite another .
But fighting terrorists requires an entirely different kind of spying from `` uncovering '' traditional `` spies , '' or neutralizing unpopular oligarchs such as Mikhail Khodorkovsky .
An independent monetary policy requires a flexible exchange rate , not a revaluation .
Such a paradigm shift requires an Apollo-scale investment , but in basic science .
As the dramatic shrinkage of the Aral Sea , Lake Chad , and the Dead Sea illustrate , it now requires preserving scarce natural resources and ensuring their equitable distribution among conflicting needs .
This requires emission reductions of 45-50 % in industrialized countries by 2020 , and almost complete de-carbonization by 2050 , not the levels of 15-25 % by 2020 and 60-80 % by 2050 that are now on the table .
Breaking the impasse requires restoring political legitimacy by electing a president who , having promised reform , gains a mandate to deliver it .
The structural shift towards exports will be difficult and time-consuming mainly because producing the high-tech goods that the US should be exporting requires a skilled workforce , which has largely been lost and can not be re-created overnight .
The US must choose between job creation , which requires a more competitive exchange rate , and cheap financing of its external and fiscal deficits .
France and Germany , along with the other EU states , must bear in mind that the Lisbon Treaty is , in effect , a European constitution , framed to lead the Union into the twenty-first century , and that its success requires broader leadership .
Governments agree to accept the rulings of the World Trade Organization because on balance they benefit from an international trading order even if a particular decision requires that they alter a practice that is their sovereign right to carry out .
Building a true democracy -LRB- as opposed to simply holding elections -RRB- is an enterprise that requires decades or even generations .
This means extending diplomatic recognition , including opening and maintaining embassies . It also requires providing financial help , ranging from debt forgiveness to investment , loans , and other forms of aid .
This requires improved security , inflows of aid and investment , and the curtailment of land expropriations that deny the promise of statehood .
More importantly , governments must find ways to integrate alienated young men and women into their societies , which requires greater political freedom and economic opportunity .
Now others will find that the alternative to America going it alone or withdrawing from the global scene is real multilateralism , which requires their willingness and ability to commit resources to deal with pressing challenges .
In short , the US requires partners if the twenty-first century is to be an era in which the majority of people around the world enjoy relative peace and satisfactory standards of living .
It is up to the US to work with China and others to do this , and this requires America 's openness to others ' preferences and their having a larger role .
Successful regime change requires a long-term commitment of military force , of civilian experts trained to build a modern society , and of money and attention -- and even then there is no assurance that the results will justify the investment .
President Barack Obama has the authority to take some small steps on his own to normalize ties , but substantial change to US policy requires Congress to act -- and Congress wants to see fundamental change in Cuba before it does so .
But averting such a crisis requires that the White House and Congress , Democrats and Republicans , agree on a plan for moving the US budget toward balance .
Democracy requires an informed citizenry able to question its government .
The UN 's Resolution 1441 requires Iraqi disarmament in terms of actual weapons of mass destruction and the ability to make them .
Healthy politics requires that common men and women are not taken for granted .
The solution , say advocates of this theory , requires countries to improve regulation and supervision of their financial systems and float their currencies , and for the international community to pull the plug on financial assistance .
It is my profound conviction that Russia does not deserve that we behave towards it as we would towards a leper , an invalid or a child who requires special treatment and whose whims , no matter how dangerous , must be understood and tolerated .
Conflict resolution , if it is to be successful , requires channeling the energy generated by conflict toward constructive and nonviolent alternatives .
We are convinced that there are moments when exemplary civic engagement , such as Liu 's , requires an exemplary response .
Prince Muhammad has also established a rehabilitation program that seeks to de-program the jihadis from their radical beliefs through a course of study that teaches that Islam requires obedience to a Muslim ruler .
But it is this relationship that makes the Moon Illusion such a puzzle , because applying the SDIH requires that the moon appear farther away if it appears large , and close if it appears small .
In conflict situations , preventing displacement primarily requires political will .
This requires , first of all , cozying up with China and the autocratic Gulf states -- the main lenders to the US Treasury -- as well working with Iran and Russia to limit the costs of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
A concert of powers is only as strong as its weakest pillar , and requires a great deal of self-discipline and restraint .
Fighting terror backed by radical Islam requires a sophisticated understanding of its political and economic roots .
China should be excused of consumer-related obligations for the time being , but assume commitments on industrial production based on the recognition that effectively reducing emissions in these sectors requires coordinated international action .
That now requires supporting the EU 's deep involvement in Afghanistan as its key contribution to repairing and reforming the Atlantic Alliance .
It requires a lot of time , continuous effort , uncompromising integrity , appropriate funding and material support , and unwavering commitment .
Currency appreciation , Japan argued then and China argues now , is unlikely to result in a significant current-account adjustment , which requires addressing not only China 's high savings rate , but also low savings in the US .
The aftermath of the banking crisis requires thinking about not only the most appropriate form of banking legislation , but also the appropriate size of the state .
A long-term alternative requires some capacity to write down debt where it has reached excessive levels .
Moreover , any attempt to misrepresent requires further and more complex misrepresentations , which have serious consequences as subsequent decisions come to be based on erroneous assumptions .
But that requires substantially greater centralization of political accountability and control than Europeans seem able to achieve today .
Dependency on coffee or cocoa exports requires a build-up of precautionary reserves .
But to squeeze cultural excellence into the group of characteristics defining `` the fittest '' is not so easy and requires some leap of faith .
Reaching the top requires not only talent and luck , but also a lot of practices -- that is , time wasted from the point of view of survival .
China 's rulers know that in a system in which justice is absent , Liu 's efforts to speak to a higher moral calling requires only moral courage to be followed .
Kaufman understands that successful reform requires three ingredients : arguments that persuade , the ability to bring colleagues along , and a good deal of luck in the form of events that highlight problems at just the right time .
A major shift in the economy requires all three .
The effort requires significant investment , not least in infrastructure development in both the developed and developing world .
Nuclear power requires low-enriched uranium as fuel .
Raising farm productivity and income requires improved irrigation , wasteland reclamation , warehousing , marketing , transport development , and the free movement of produce within the country .
Economic Development Before the Law One of the most pervasive and apparently self-evident assumptions of development economics is that sustainable investment and growth requires the rule of law .
Achieving these goals requires fulfilling several conditions .
Toward North Korea , on the other hand , continuity will prevail , with Abe re-emphasizing the principle that normalization of relations requires resolution of abduction cases -- some dating to the 1970 's -- involving Japanese citizens who were seized from coastal towns .
`` Preservation of the people '' requires nothing less than that our men take care of themselves so that they can take proper care of our children .
But this also requires helping those people who out of desperation have fallen prey to extremist forces .
Elections are meaningful only if they are perceived to be free and fair , which requires independent referees .
We demanded an independent judiciary , because we believed that democracy and prosperity are impossible without the rule of law , and that the rule of law requires a judiciary that can act as a constraint on the government .
Such symbiosis requires a healthy disregard for convention .
The emergence of viable political parties requires a strong parliament .
At other times , like Stalin , he believes that Russia 's power requires a strong hand -- what he calls his `` dictatorship of law . ''
Such demand requires a social group to promote it . ''
That requires listening as well as speaking .
God bestowed upon Turkey a geographical position that fundamentally requires for us to engage with East and West , North and South .
But this change can not be taken for granted and requires support from the EU and the US .
Argentina requires a comprehensive program to demonstrate that , in addition to the ability to generate wealth that it has shown over the past eight years , it can sustain economic growth and not revert to the volatility of the past .
Third , our world requires serious political actions .
Breaking the sequence of Israeli assassination followed by Palestinian suicide bombing requires a change of thinking and action .
Any ceasefire agreement requires both parties to refrain from attacking the other .
Dealing with elite interests requires ingenuity .
Securing popular legitimacy requires equal dexterity , which has played an important role in preventing North African leaders and family members from openly admitting their preparations for dynastic successions .
Because this arrangement requires the central bank to back the entire monetary base with foreign reserves , it can not act as lender of last resort to the domestic banking sector when crisis strikes .
A state-led developmental model in Bolivia is doomed to fail , because it requires strong institutions , universal citizenship , and the rule of law .
With a popular base that demands change -- and that knows that change requires gaining access to state-owned wealth -- social attitudes have developed that are receptive to the promises made by the caudillos .
Saving lives requires that mothers and babies in the highest-mortality countries be reached at the time of greatest risk .
Breaking the Gordian knot of climate negotiations requires offering technology and financial transfers in exchange for the ability to overrun a national budget .
A responsible global climate policy thus entails a fundamental change of international relations , and making the necessary institutional innovations in global governance requires courage .
Reviving the European dream , however , requires not just the choice of an individual .
Many companies world-wide recognize that success requires satisfying the three elements of sustainable development : financial , environmental , and social .
Ensuring high-quality output and local consumers ' loyalty requires keeping their workforces happy and maintaining a positive public image .
After all , economic development and sustained growth are the result of continual industrial and technological change , a process that requires collaboration between the public and private sectors .
In developed countries , most industries are advanced , which suggests that upgrading requires innovation .
WASHINGTON , DC -- At a time when the global economy is suffering from a crisis of confidence , structural imbalances , and subdued growth prospects , looking ahead ten years to predict the course of development requires careful modeling and something beyond sagacity .
Such forecasting also requires an understanding of how advanced economies are coming to grips with that shift , and how the international monetary system will adjust as a result .
Although high growth requires large-scale capital formation , the relation between investment in real capital assets and human capital in China seems to be out of proportion .
So , three decades after the Cultural Revolution ended , the national self-examination that China requires has not yet begun .
As a political model , Chavism is strongly based on nationalism , so that , Bush or no Bush , its legitimacy requires a growing anti-Americanism .
Any realistic agenda for change in Cuba inexorably requires opening up to the world , along with ensuring full freedom within the country .
Bilingual education is another suggestion that requires further research if we are to establish the benefits .
Chile requires all wage and salary earners to contribute 7 % of their pay either to the National Health Fund or to a private insurer .
This requires developing a payment culture , as well as providing a safety net for those citizens who can not afford to pay .
The high level of income inequality requires specific poverty reduction efforts .
This is a serious problem that requires a serious response .
A sensible policy dialogue requires us to talk openly about our priorities .
The EU 's own estimate is about ¤ 60 billion annually , which is almost certainly a vast underestimate -LRB- its previous estimate was almost twice as much -RRB- , since it requires the EU to make the reductions in the smartest way possible .
Negotiating a follow-up treaty to the Kyoto Protocol , they argue , requires that we seek even deeper cuts in the pollution that causes global warming .
Global warming will create significant problems , so carbon reductions offer significant benefits . Cutting carbon emissions , however , requires a reduction in the basic energy use that underpins modern society , so it will also mean significant costs .
Reaching a proper answer to these questions requires extensive economic modeling , with different variables calculated and regional differences analyzed .
Their research shows that confronting global warming effectively requires nothing short of a technological revolution .
In fact , there is also a colossal technological hurdle . Ending our reliance on fossil fuels requires a complete transformation of the world 's energy systems .
A prosperous future requires abundant sources of energy .
Preventing this requires political will , especially within the EU , which all too often seems to favor playing a neutral role .
But street-fighting requires even more training , cohesion and leadership than open-field combat .
It must distribute `` its '' money and not that of its members . The democratic argument requires a clear connection between the Union 's financial resources and the wealth that it generates , or with member states ' economic activities that have important externalities for other members .
After all , an investment-friendly business environment requires adults who are fit to work and children who are fit to learn .
But waging a serious war requires a serious reorganization of Russia 's power structures , which will be very painful .
While elections are relatively easy to stage , liberty is far more difficult to establish and sustain , for it requires institutions -- such as a legal system with impartial courts -- that Egypt lacks , and that take years to build .
Democracy requires democrats -- citizens convinced of the value of liberty and popular sovereignty and committed to establishing and preserving them .
Life under totalitarianism was an extreme situation that requires us to apply special , nuanced rules to all thecaptives of that ordeal .
It requires a large reserve of imagination , optimism , or plain stupidity to believe that one 's fellow human beings will ever live beyond history and ideology .
Similarly , whereas the Koran requires four eyewitnesses as proof of adultery , mere suspicion of some unregulated , potentially sexual conduct by a woman warrants stoning under customary law .
Depositors deserve strong , effective protection for their funds -- and the banking system requires it in order to maintain confidence .
Japan 's political system requires the same sort of structural reform that its economy has long needed .
While committed to the bilateral US-Japan alliance , Ozawa has said that Japan 's security requires the continued presence only of the US Seventh Fleet , not of US ground troops .
It actually requires much more time and effort to shed data than to keep it .
educate people now on the costs and benefits of cooperation and integration , which requires partial surrender of national sovereignty to regional authorities .
A common currency requires unified and centrally agreed monetary and fiscal policies . But this necessitates political integration , which , as the troubles of the euro this year have demonstrated , is a hard sell among nation-states .
This requires consistent macroeconomic policies focused on economic integration , food self-sufficiency , low inflation , and reduced debt .
It also requires political stability , eradication of corruption , enhanced rule of law , improvement of basic levels of education , and greater use of mobile telephones and the Internet .
A system that requires banks to accumulate more substantial buffers in good times so that they can let them run down in bad times makes sense both from a micro viewpoint and from a macro viewpoint .
Such a lack of recovery then requires medication , behavioral interventions , or both .
A rule that requires a rotation of votes among Council members , or that groups them into voting blocs , could replace the current one-man-one-vote scheme .
Because people live longer and procreate less , raising and caring for children requires less of a parent 's life than it used to .
At the start of this year , Norway enacted legislation that requires that both sexes be represented by at least 40 % on all corporate boards .
Assuming the responsibilities that have long belonged to men requires that women let go of the tasks that have prevented them from advancing beyond low-ranking positions .
This requires a different type of force , and one capable of running a marathon rather than a sprint , sustaining major deployments for extended periods .
While true , it is not clear that a willingness to tolerate the freedom of others , which democracy requires , is equally widespread .
NEW YORK -- The world 's economies are becoming more interdependent than ever , but economic nationalism , protectionism , and beggar-thy-neighbor attitudes are threatening the bonds of trust and cooperation that a truly globalized economy requires .
This requires encouraging more effective investments in education and research and development , increasing intellectual property protections , and promoting new international collaborative efforts to help address common challenges in energy , environmental protection , health care , and other areas .
Moderating domestic demand requires , first and foremost , fiscal tightening , because further increases in interest rates , which are already relatively high , would only fuel further capital inflows and put even more upward pressure on the real , which is already over-valued .
Sufficient numbers of teachers , school buildings , and textbooks are all essential , but accelerating learning requires much more .
In other words , we are faced with the challenge of complexity , which requires us to ensure that a small minority is not joined by greater forces .
Here , again , strengthening Europe requires strengthening the Alliance .
The problem is that such a choice requires governments ' absolute determination to stand by their words .
Open societies , especially if they want to compete with non-democratic countries , must be more muscular : openness requires strength .
But the collective action problem is no less daunting , and it requires urgent attention if the world 's growth aspirations are to be achieved .
The central lesson for investors seems to me to be that not all components of risk are static , but rather evolve in ways that are not yet fully understood -- and that government regulation can not fully address . For that reason , the ability of markets to self-correct should play a role as well , which requires that investment strategies attempt to take the possibility of systemic risk into consideration .
This means that addressing systemic risk requires a longer timeframe than that associated with the non-systemic , stationary risks to which investors devote most attention .
This requires completing the formation of a free-trade area , with 85 % of SADC trade to be liberalized in 2008 , and 100 % in 2012 .
For southern Africa -- indeed , for the continent as a whole -- global competitiveness requires diversification to higher value-added and manufactured exports .
A credible investigation requires full backing from the authorities in Albania and from the newly established EU mission in Kosovo .
Achieving this ambitious agenda by 2025 would usher in the last phase in the quest for a nuclear-free world , and requires , first and foremost , political conditions that reliably rule out regional or global wars of aggression .
Meaningful public engagement with the court requires an underlying environment that fosters -- not punishes -- the free expression of ideas .
Doing so requires putting the right person in charge -- someone like Paul Hoffman , the American industrialist who managed the Marshall Plan more than half a century ago and , subsequently , headed the UN Development Program .
In fact , Bush pursued his policy despite a 1978 law -- adopted in response to the Nixon-era abuses -- that specifically requires judicial approval , and in contradiction to his public assurance that no such eavesdropping takes place without a court order .
In certain cases , the evidence requires a judgment on such a question .
Moreover , even if they are found to be unlawful combatants , the First Additional Protocol of 1977 requires that they be afforded certain due process protections , which will not be available to those brought before the proposed military commissions .
This requires better relations with all of the world 's rising powers .
Of course , stability requires agreement between the two key actors ; and there are sure to be plenty of opponents and allies trying to stir up trouble between them .
One of the strategy 's key conclusions is that reducing the burden of NCD 's requires a multi-sectoral approach .
But we face a global problem , with many international stakeholders , and this requires an urgent and worldwide response .
This requires a smoothly working and much more efficient interface between the agencies and the European Commission , which retains overall control over them , as well as a thorough revision of the financial regulation for the entire operation and its oft-criticized bureaucratic red tape .
This requires a Europe that knows its own mind , so that it can approach the US -- and the rest of the world -- with a clearer eye and a harder head .
To be sure , I have been exposed to flimsy sources , and newspapers of the future should help readers learn what a good source is , and what good citizen journalism requires .
But getting there requires American policies that are consistent with the comprehensive approach that democratic transformation requires .
Either proposal would entail amending the UN Charter , which requires marshaling the support of a two-thirds majority of the 191 member states , including the five veto-wielding members of the current Security Council .
Bush not only chose to visit Brussels , the capital of the European Union , on his February trip to Europe , but stated that what `` we seek to achieve in the world requires that America and Europe remain close partners . ''
It also requires tolerance of minorities and respect for individual rights , as well as the development of effective institutions for resolving political conflicts in divided societies .
Working to raise the thresholds that terrorists must overcome requires a systemic approach , since plugging one hole can simply divert terrorists to others .
Democracy is more than voting , for it requires large investments in education , institutions , and promotion of non-governmental organizations .
Military success against terrorists and insurgents requires soldiers to win hearts and minds , not just break bodies .
Responding to such threats requires cooperation , soft power , and non-military instruments , and this is an area in which Japan is a much more equal and important ally .
Military leadership today requires political and managerial skills .
Governments can hope to deter cyber attacks just as they deter nuclear or other armed attacks . But deterrence requires a credible threat of response against an attacker .
In other words , the Internet age requires new styles of leadership in which attractive soft power must supplement the traditional hard power of command .
A successful democracy requires leadership to be widespread throughout government and civil society .
`` Do '' refers to action and requires both training and fieldwork .
To make this formula work , however , requires a good deal of soft power .
Public diplomacy is an important tool in the arsenal of smart power , but smart public diplomacy requires an understanding of credibility , self-criticism , and the role of civil society in generating soft power .
Judging whether economic interdependence produces power requires looking at the balance of asymmetries , not just at one side of the equation .
The state of Arizona recently enacted legislation that encourages local police to check the immigration status of people who were stopped for other reasons -- and requires immigrants to produce proof of their legal status on demand .
Military power , which some call the ultimate form of power in world politics , requires a thriving economy .
Judging whether economic interdependence produces power requires looking at the balance of asymmetries .
If the Irish Supreme Court were to decide that the ESM requires popular consent , the EU would be faced with the prospect of yet another Irish referendum on Europe .
This is not just a matter of revaluing the Chinese currency , as argued by some US policymakers , but requires gradual adjustment of most major currencies against the dollar in conjunction with concerted fiscal and monetary policy adjustments in the rest of the world .
This requires maintaining rapid growth while undertaking a major but necessarily gradual domestic restructuring , for which a smooth appreciation is much better suited .
But this requires major reforms in the global financial system to reduce the vulnerabilities that such deficits generated in the past , and that were reflected in major financial crises in the developing world .
Actually , this would imply a return to the IMF 's founding principle : it is in the best interest of all members to allow countries to pursue their own full-employment macroeconomic policies , even if this requires regulating capital flows .
Making all this happen requires moving toward a new model for ensuring that we are more productive globally with core resources that we have long taken for granted .
Finally , dealing with the Middle East , not just with Iran , requires a fresh , open-minded , and comprehensive approach .
Poverty reduction requires both economic and social policies that reach people .
It requires that aid to poor countries be sustained ; that governments focus on expansionary macroeconomic policies that support employment and broad-based economic activities ; that new schemes be introduced to extend health services and social protection for the poor ; and that investments in education , water supply , sanitation , agriculture , and food security receive the support they need .
But , even as a host of other issues come into play , strengthening this most important of bi-lateral relationships requires a new , underlying common interest .
In fact , real peace in the Caucasus requires two key strategic transformations .
Beyond the emotional impact of President Gul 's visit to Yerevan , real improvement in Turkish-Armenian relations requires opening the two countries ' closed border -- the last in Europe .
Resolving the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict peacefully requires two parallel steps : a guarantee of non-resumption of military hostilities , and a clear , mutually binding blueprint for reaching a final settlement .
Moving from walking , bicycling , and public transit to driving is relatively simple , because it requires only wealth , a desire for independence and status , and an inability or unwillingness to look very far into the future .
That requires expanding markets in developing countries , which means tackling income inequality and getting income into the right hands -- an enormous organizational challenge that is off the radar because economists focus exclusively on savings and supply-side issues .
This requires that a more rational strategy be mapped out in the planning of major industrial projects and energy-hungry enterprises .
The nature of capitalist growth requires us to take a more holistic view and work out how we can achieve sustainable development .
To formulate such a policy requires us to frame a single energy policy .
But he must also provide some real evidence that China is opening its markets as domestic consumption grows , and that it recognizes that a sustainable global recovery requires adjustments in China as well as America to redress international imbalances .
A serious effort to contain them and stamp them out requires an effective campaign in Helmand Province , North and South Waziristan , and the troubled areas between the poppy fields of Afghanistan and the madrasas of Pakistan .
Likewise , for both our countries , greater energy efficiency and security requires reliance upon market price signals , technology , innovation , and diversified energy sources .
This , in turn , requires a proper procedure , based on transparent competition , for the initial sale of prospecting rights , as well as a well-designed tax system to collect revenues from subsequent corporate profits .
But fiscal consolidation requires strong economic performance , which depends on foreign investment .
The Quartet has been dormant since 2000 , because any peace process requires negotiations between the parties in conflict .
To reach broad agreement on those changes requires facing some basic questions so far ignored .
This requires jobs to be rewarding in more than pecuniary ways - enlisting the minds of employees , engaging them in problem solving , leading them to discover some of their talents and expanding their abilities .
This can and must change , but it requires a grassroots movement that uses blogs , online magazines and newspapers , book clubs and meet-up clubs , and anything else that might work to promote educational opportunities to develop critical-thinking skills .
While this belief unfortunately does have some validity , it requires one very important caveat : Russia is part of that ship . Russia can make advances to Hamas , Hezbollah , and Iran , and it can remind the Arab world that the Soviet Union helped it develop and offered it protection in the United Nations Security Council .
Asymmetry of this magnitude requires a significant adjustment of relative prices .
In these fields , dispassion requires that the medical scientist ignore his or her own vulnerability of mind and body .
Central banks increasingly realize that no matter how much legal independence they have , their credibility with investors requires transparent monetary policy and effective communication with politicians and the wider public .
In the long-term , financial stability , no less than price stability , requires independent and accountable regulators and supervisors .
But paying decent salaries for honest government bureaucrats and judges requires tax revenue .
Perhaps the most important is that technological progress in the US requires the labor force to have ever greater skills .
Politicians feel their constituents ' pain , but it is hard to improve the quality of education , for improvement requires real and effective policy change in an area where too many vested interests favor the status quo .
Unfortunately , all of this requires substantial international political consensus , cooperation , and goodwill -- all of which are in short supply today .
Success in this balancing act requires leadership , transparent policies , and good communication .
This requires a lifestyle change -- one that governments should begin encouraging employers and workers to embrace .
But to save a financial system from collapse requires preventing all banks from failing at the same time .
While the Obama administration is obviously aware of what is happening south of the Rio Grande , the threat simply does not command the attention that its gravity requires .
This change in motivation requires changes in how the Union thinks about itself , changes that go beyond the ideas now circulating at the convention drawing up an EU constitution .
Balancing cuts in public spending in order not to endanger growth and employment requires a stable and smart government -- and time . The UK and Germany are , with their excessive restrictions , are preparing the ground for recessions at home .
To be effective , a formal legal regime protecting investors ' rights requires a non-corrupt , independent judiciary with enforcement power .
True , sustained economic convergence eventually requires high-quality institutions .
The Value of Being Undervalued The paramount policy dilemma that emerging markets face nowadays is this : on the one hand , sustained economic growth requires a competitive -LRB- read `` undervalued '' -RRB- currency . On the other hand , any good news is immediately followed by currency appreciation , making the task of remaining competitive that much harder .
Maintaining a competitive currency requires a rise in domestic saving relative to investment , or a reduction in national expenditure relative to income .
Moreover , generating economic growth requires hitting the right targets , not doing everything at once .
The real lesson is that taking full advantage of globalization requires developing domestic capabilities along with international links .
True prudence requires that regulators avail themselves of a broader set of policy instruments , including quantitative ceilings , transaction taxes , restrictions on securitization , prohibitions , or other direct inhibitions on financial transactions -- all of which are anathema to most financial market participants .
This requires moving away from the broad governance agenda and focusing on reforms of specific institutions in order to target binding constraints on growth .
Designing appropriate institutional arrangements also requires both local knowledge and creativity .
At the political level , capitalism requires compensation and transfer mechanisms to render its outcomes acceptable .
Advanced training in economics requires learning about market failures in detail , and about the myriad ways in which governments can help markets work better .
Global macroeconomic stability requires that we avoid such large current-account imbalances in the future .
But a return to high growth in developing countries requires that they resume their push into tradable goods and services .
A meaningful effort to influence the currency 's level requires determination to adjust financial taxes and complementary policies until they show their effects .
Even if true , evading the controls requires incurring additional costs to move funds in and out of a country -- which is precisely what the controls aim to achieve .
The shift toward embracing industrial policy is therefore a welcome acknowledgement of what sensible analysts of economic growth have always known : developing new industries often requires a nudge from government .
This requires a government that is `` embedded '' in the private sector , but not in bed with it .
Given its risks and the gap between its social and private benefits , innovation requires rents -- returns above what competitive markets provide .
The reasoning seems to be that growth requires market confidence , which in turn requires fiscal retrenchment .
Sustained growth requires a growth strategy , and most developing countries do not yet have one that would put them irrevocably on the path of economic convergence .
No , the real problem is that Europe has not created the union-wide institutions that an integrated financial market requires .
The European Union has taught us valuable lessons over the last few decades : first , that financial integration requires eliminating volatility among national currencies ; next , that eradicating exchange-rate risk requires doing away with national currencies altogether ; and now , that monetary union is impossible , among democracies , without political union .
But igniting and sustaining rapid growth requires something more : production-oriented policies that stimulate ongoing structural change and foster employment in new economic activities .
Sustained growth requires devising incentives to encourage private-sector investment in new industries -- and doing so with minimal corruption and adequate competence .
Stated nakedly , this view holds that growth requires two things : foreign technology and good institutions .
Institutional arrangements also have large elements of specificity . Discovering which institutions are suitable to local conditions requires experimentation .
But , once again , this requires a credible commitment to an exchange that requires a promise of action later in return for something now .
Europe , for its part , requires a determined step toward fiscal unification if the eurozone is to survive .
Services like education , banking , accounting , and insurance account for an ever larger share of global output -LRB- now roughly two-thirds -RRB- , and further expansion requires significant changes in existing agreements .
Ironically , as computer-aided cheating increasingly pervades chess tournaments -LRB- with accusations reaching the highest levels -RRB- , the main detection device requires using another computer .
In other words , Europe 's carrots are not enough ; a successful outcome requires American carrots , too .
This , however , requires a change of attitudes both in America and in Europe .
Although the criterion requires only that countries remain within the ERM 's normal fluctuation band - 15 % on either side of a central parity - the Commission says that it will base recommendations concerning candidate countries ' admission on whether their exchange rates remain within a 2.25 % band .
Finally , the interest rate criterion requires that rates on 10-year government bonds not be more than two percentage points above the rates in the three countries performing best in terms of inflation .
But equality requires that any new accession criterion must be based on the fiscal rules that actually operate within the eurozone .
But such a strategy requires that Russia clearly demonstrate its political will to cooperate with NATO .
Restoring sustained growth requires real currency depreciation . There are only three ways that this can occur .
Thus , a second set of policies and institutional reforms requires that all unsecured creditors of banks and other financial institutions need to be `` treated '' -- that is , they must accept losses -LRB- or `` haircuts '' -RRB- on their claims .
If orderly treatment of unsecured senior creditors requires a new cross-border regime to close down insolvent European banks , such a regime should be implemented without delay .
The right balance today requires creating jobs partly through additional fiscal stimulus aimed at productive infrastructure investment .
To stabilize market-oriented economies requires a return to the right balance between markets and provision of public goods .
Even structural reform reduces output in the short run , because it requires firing workers , shutting down money-losing firms , and gradually reallocating labor and capital to emerging new industries .
This requires the immediate establishment of a judicial body , whose legitimacy would be based on the same multilateral process that was sought prior to the war .
The Court was not asked , and thus did not rule on , whether international law requires that the final status of Kosovo protect the group and individual rights of minorities , whether Kosovar Serbs or Roma .
Years later , what 's at stake is not just punishment , but also political truth , which requires setting limits on official rationales for repression .
Civilians may not be targeted ; the principle of proportionality requires the avoidance of excessive force in pursuing a legitimate military objective ; and prisoners must be treated humanely .
We know that it is not possible to attain global peace unless we establish sustainable peace in the Middle East , which requires resolving the Palestinian question .
This objective requires more than `` pressuring '' Pakistan .
That requires instituting 24-hour press operations centers and elevating Internet operations and other channels to the status of traditional twentieth-century press relations .
The second response to climate change , called `` adaptation , '' requires that we ready ourselves for the climate change now underway and the increased climate change to come in future years .
To understand why requires taking a long-term view of geopolitics , particularly the gradual decline of US and European global domination .
But realism in international economic affairs requires accepting that official development assistance can help achieve the broad political objectives of stability and democracy only in the long run .
All of that investment requires plans and years of implementation . Aid can not be a guessing game .
Mastering the subject requires expertise in many scientific fields , including climatology , oceanography , atmospheric chemistry , ecology , engineering , politics , and economics .
The weak and only partly implemented Kyoto Protocol expires in 2012 , and the world requires a much stronger framework , one that sets a strong target for stabilizing greenhouse gases by 2050 by including agreements on ending tropical deforestation , developing high-mileage automobiles , and shifting to low CO2-emitting power plants .
Doing so requires balancing many concerns .
A Breakthrough Against Hunger NEW YORK -- Today 's world hunger crisis is unprecedentedly severe and requires urgent measures .
This is not easy to do . Most infrastructure investment requires public-sector leadership to forge partnerships with the private sector .
Addressing the problem of climate change requires reducing emissions of carbon dioxide from fossil fuels , which in turn involves choices in technology , some of which already exists and much of which needs to be developed .
Yet all of this requires a national plan , not simply a numerical target for emissions reduction .
To ratify a treaty requires the support of 67 of the Senate 's 100 members , a nearly impossible hurdle .
Under the US Constitution , domestic legislation -LRB- as opposed to international treaties -RRB- requires a simple majority in both the House of Representatives and the Senate to be sent to the president for signature .
Each sector requires a five-year recovery strategy with a clear budget and clear lines of partnership and responsibility linking the Haitian government , non-governmental organizations , and institutional donors , especially governments and international agencies .
That requires equipping workers with a good education , strong on-the-job training , and supportive infrastructure .
I noted to him that the region urgently requires a development strategy , not a military approach .
What globalization requires , therefore , are smart government policies .
Any viable solution requires that the following conditions be satisfied :
But a high-tech economy also requires strong universities , with high enrolment , and large-scale government support for scientific research .
For these countries , which tend to be among the world 's richest , continued competitiveness requires an excellent system of technological innovation .
Of course globalization requires international governance and rules .
Controlling disease requires a health system that can deliver life-saving medications and basic preventive services such as bed-nets to fight malaria and vitamins to fight nutritional deficiencies .
Successful globalization requires that we think more like doctors and less like preachers .
Compromise is therefore difficult even among moderates : it requires a belief that moderation on one side will be met by moderation on the other .
At the heart of the budget is the realization that reducing poverty requires both rapid economic growth and targeted investments aimed at the poorest of the poor .
In order to thrive , and to foster the private-sector investment needed for long-term growth , an economy requires functioning health and education systems , investments in soil nutrients and water management , and basic infrastructure such as electricity and motorized transport .
It requires more schools and fewer guns ; more universities and fewer aircraft carriers .
But collective energy security requires increasing the EU 's ability to face -- and face down -- external energy challenges .
These two traits , although they seem to conflict , and are certainly different from the values of American and British conservatives , nonetheless form a sound basis for a realistic pragmatism and the shunning of ideological politics - which is precisely the politics that Germany now requires .
That , in turn , requires a society and a leadership that seeks to be exemplary in all ways that make human beings more human , including respect for truthfulness , openness , tolerance , and people 's right to disagree with their government .
Their success inevitably requires directly confronting their evident moral failures .
Convergence is on the way , but minimizing its global costs requires redesigning the Bretton Woods institutions to meet the challenges faced by emerging countries .
Smart trade requires two key provisions : core labor rights , backed up by tough enforcement , and a development fund targeting infrastructure and education to boost competitiveness .
China deserves better ; it requires better in order to reclaim the glory that was China .
This is why private crop insurers are in short supply , and why crop insurance often requires expensive government subsidies .
At the same time , the application of risk-management technology , insurance , and finance requires little of stretched foreign-aid budgets : a relatively small number of office workers , cell phones , and computers .
A successful economy , Bush argued , requires that people learn to take responsibility for their actions , and policies aimed at boosting home ownership would inculcate this virtue on a broader scale .
We know enough about risk perception to recognize that helping people cope with the risks of modern life requires addressing their hearts as well as their heads .
Dealing effectively with political instability in Africa requires two things : the political will of key states to underwrite the democratic process , and strong regional institutions to provide a legal framework reflecting the principles underpinning states ' behavior .
Yet the mantle of a regional power sometimes requires using that leverage for the greater good of the region .
Building democratic structures requires time , discipline , pain , and patience .
Above all , we understand that sustained reform requires assuming responsibility by mobilizing the energy of one 's own people , not relying on well-intentioned but often ill-focused outside help .
Bolstering democracy , however , requires emphasizing the political dimension and public debate that is free and open to all .
As the administrator of the US Agency for International Development , Tobias implemented the Bush administration 's policy that requires organizations working against HIV\/AIDS to condemn prostitution if they are to be eligible for US assistance .
It may not even know which of its projects fail , because evaluating them , and learning from mistakes , requires staff -- and that adds to administrative costs .
Well-known University of Pennsylvania bioethicist Art Caplan says that the achievement ranks as a discovery of historic significance , because it `` would seem to extinguish the argument that life requires a special force or power to exist . ''
The financial-reform law passed by the United States Congress last month requires improved transparency from banks and other financial-services firms .
Moreover , thanks to the hard work of Oxfam America and the Publish What You Pay coalition , the law also requires oil and mining companies -- both US and foreign -- that want to raise capital in the US to disclose their payments to the governments of countries in which they operate .
Whether these precautionary principles are satisfied in Libya requires expert judgment of the specifics of the situation .
This requires the US to be seen as siding with the public 's demand for change , yet to avoid being identified with political immobility .
It requires political theory , not econometrics .
A free society requires a high degree of trust to reduce the burden of monitoring and control , and trust requires internalized standards of honor , truthfulness , and fairness .
It has interests to protect , and this often requires supporting unsavory regimes .
To be sure , living by Mill 's principle often requires protecting the rights of unsavory characters .
A viable international financial system requires a mechanism to keep imbalances in check .
Managing energy requires taking into account technical , political , and economic dimensions simultaneously .
Energy exploration and production requires many different disciplines and technologies -- eolic -LRB- wind -RRB- , photovoltaic , nuclear , coal , etc. .
This geographical imbalance requires an ordered system of trade , clear regulations , and a well-structured global market .
That task requires patience and strategic perseverance .
Maintaining our economy requires migration and open EU borders -- and facing down the populist movements in Europe that would shun `` outsiders . ''
The EU appears to have decided that the world will be one of Great Power rivalry , and that this requires a power-politics approach to global governance .
Georgia itself needs all the help it can get , which requires an emergency action plan different from the others .
A better understanding of the concept of open society requires that promoting freedom and democracy and promoting American values and interests be distinguished .
But intervention in other states ' internal affairs must be legitimate , which requires clearly established rules .
Second , controlling asset bubbles requires control not only of the money supply , but also of the availability of credit .
All that is lacking is the political will . The mere fact that tapping SDRs requires Congressional approval in the US ensures that nothing will happen without public pressure -- including pressure from the developing countries .
Instead , European law requires an individual determination that deportation is necessary and proportionate to the crime committed , as well as consideration of other circumstances -LRB- such as the strength of the individual 's ties to the community -RRB- .
But realizing that hope requires keeping pace with global warming , and that means speeding up the process of putting a price -- or prices -- on carbon emissions .
A full solution for this problem , which requires new incentives to foster research into drugs needed by less developed countries , is beyond the capacity of the WTO .
Of course , military intervention for purposes beyond defending one 's country remains possible , but requires a UN Security Council resolution .
A favorable outcome also requires industrial countries ' ability and willingness to accommodate the growing size and prominence of emerging economies .
Such a world requires better global governance , as well as overdue institutional reforms that give emerging economies proper voice and representation in international institutions .
The Bush and Obama administrations both understood that wise policymaking in crisis circumstances requires selecting the least bad option , accepting the inevitable anger and criticism , and implementing the decision quickly .
That must be fixed , which requires that competitiveness become the central focus of longer-term US economic policy -- the sooner , the better .
America needs to expand its share in external global demand , which requires public-sector investment , structural change , and improved competitiveness in the tradable sector .
Sustained high growth is enabled by and requires engagement with the global economy that goes beyond simply being able to produce for a potentially massive export market .
While wages and incomes are rising now and appear to have broken the iron grip of the surplus labor pool , the growth pattern requires this structural demand-side shift toward more disposable income , greater government consumption , and high-return investment .
And strengthening the US export sector requires overcoming some significant structural and competitive barriers .
President Saakashvili seems to understand the necessity of reviving Georgia 's moribund economy , which requires , first and foremost , political stability .
Sustained economic growth requires , everywhere , the accumulation of physical and human capital , as well as the acquisition of technological capabilities .
Great civil-society protest movements -- such as have occurred in Egypt and Tunisia -- can overthrow a dictatorship , but a true democracy requires parties , negotiations , election rules , and agreement on constitutional changes .
Like religion , the nation-state myth requires a leap of faith .
Growth requires financial institutions that lend to domestic firms .
So it is essential to ensure that everyone can live up to their potential , which requires educational opportunities for all .
A modern economy also requires risk-taking .
The legacy of underinvestment in technology and infrastructure , especially of the green kind , and the growing divide between the rich and the poor , requires congruence between short-run spending and a long-term vision .
This is bad news for the rest of the world , too , for a strong global recovery requires a strong American economy .
This global crisis requires a global response , but , unfortunately , responsibility for responding remains at the national level .
But this requires a substantial increase in assistance at a time when the paltry levels of aid provided by rich countries continue to fall .
This much is clear : addressing the plight of the world 's poorest countries and providing the global public goods needed in this age of globalization requires us to explore innovative ways of raising the necessary financing .
The `` minimally '' fair allocation to the developing countries requires equal emission rights per capita .
Tunisia must strive to maintain that sense of cohesion , which requires a commitment to transparency , tolerance , and inclusiveness -- both politically and economically .
Other qualified people from emerging markets have been reluctant to put their hats into the ring -- it is a brutal job , with a travel schedule that requires physical stamina to match wisdom and experience .
The challenge going forward will be to reinterpret these strictures . The prospect of sustained long-term growth and social justice requires that Europe 's new institutions retain sufficient flexibility to reshape themselves as they confront new problems .
But the EU 's Stability Pact , as commonly interpreted , requires either that tax rates be raised -LRB- always difficult , especially in a recession -RRB- or that expenditures be cut .
With many countries pondering whether to adopt variants of the Bush plan , the question requires careful examination .
Good information requires not just the right to know , but also the right to tell -- a diversified media .
Democracy also requires recognizing the rights of individuals .
Democracy requires active debate about economic policies , not the suppression of discussion or the delegation of decision-making to experts , whether domestic or foreign .
Designing policies that work for the developing world requires a profound understanding of financial markets and development .
Success requires diplomacy and patience , and the UN 's latest summit continued the march forward in the creation of a community of nations responsible for the well being of all .
Indeed , because Bolivia 's Constitution requires the approval of Congress for such sales , it is n't clear that Morales is nationalizing anything : the assets were never properly sold . When a country is robbed of a national art treasure , we do n't call its return `` re-nationalization , '' because it belonged to the country all along .
Some studies suggest that it requires more energy to produce America 's ethanol than is contained in it .
The US imposes a tariff of more than 50 cents per gallon on sugar-based ethanol from Brazil , but subsidizes inefficient corn-based American ethanol heavily -- indeed , it requires more than a gallon of gasoline to fertilize , harvest , transport , process , and distill corn to yield one gallon of ethanol .
The most fundamental of these values is democracy , understood to entail not merely periodic elections , but also active and meaningful participation in decision making , which requires an engaged civil society , strong freedom of information norms , and a vibrant and diversified media that are not controlled by the state or a few oligarchs .
This , in turn , requires a sense of responsibility and solidarity .
As China moves away from export-led growth , it will have to look for new sources of dynamism in its growing entrepreneurial ranks , which requires a commitment to creating an independent innovation system .
This requires a change in how its president is chosen , and , at Congressional hearings on the World Bank -- the first in 13 years -- I , like everyone who testified , called for this key reform .
Economic efficiency requires that those who generate emissions pay the cost , and the simplest way of forcing them to do so is through a carbon tax .
This requires strong regulation , with a sensible rulebook for financial markets and institutions .
At the national level , this requires tools to prevent excesses in one sector from bringing down the entire economy .
At the global level , it requires a better distribution of growth across countries , in order to prevent destabilizing imbalances .
Moving forward requires all governments to act through inclusive multilateral organizations and arrangements .
With higher incomes , rising meat consumption requires more grain for animal feed .
But , to be successful , a `` green new deal '' will have to address some enormous challenges in the developing world , where the impact of global warming will be felt first and hardest , and where rapid growth requires massive expansion of cheap energy .
Indeed , the logic of fiscal consolidation requires those economies that have recovered strongly to phase out their recovery efforts , while those that have not continue such efforts .
Indeed , the country desperately requires strong political leadership to prevent a Greek scenario -- political leadership that it is unlikely to find .
But Nahda 's ambition to win over -- and , ultimately , stably occupy -- the mainstream of Tunisia 's democratic politics requires nothing less .
This new entity requires strong cohesion , because popular sovereignty means more than simply the will of the majority .
They therefore see its rule over them as illegitimate , which is precisely the point : the logic of popular sovereignty requires an idea of collective agency based on a sense of individual belonging that is much stronger than in our lecture audience .
Simply put , are Iraqis too divided , too long oppressed , to develop anything like the sense of common identity and collective agency that popular sovereignty requires ?
Indeed , economic development nowadays requires more than thinking only of the poverty line ; one must also think of the high-speed digital line , the fiber-optic line -- indeed , all the lines that exclude those who are not plugged into the possibilities of our world .
The need to acquire expertise on diverse issues and to participate in the adoption of roughly 60 resolutions a year -LRB- not to mention Presidential Statements on the same issues , which have less legal force but whose adoption requires unanimity -RRB- will test India 's capacity and negotiating skills .
In the case of the US , this requires recognizing that the government faces a budget constraint . For China , it means redirecting saving away from reserve accumulation towards cash-strapped small and medium-size enterprises , as well as much-needed investments in education , health care , and affordable housing .
But that pledges requires complete , transparent cooperation with the IAEA .
Developing local-currency capital markets is a long-term endeavor that requires the commitment and resolve of a larger group of players .
Communicable disease outbreaks occur over days to weeks -LRB- or at the most , months -RRB- ; the danger is `` clear and present '' ; and prevention and control generally requires intervention by the state -- the quarantine of victims , tracing and immunization of contacts , or elimination of environmental sources of the infectious agent .
Any diagnosis of diabetes , or subsequent monitoring of disease progression , requires a medical consultation and hence an entry into the patient record -- and so into the practice 's patient-management information system .
Political action implies actually leaving Iraq quickly and finding a fair solution to the Palestinian conflict , which in turn requires ending the occupation of all Palestinian territories .
It is not clear whether these laws will actually punish the crimes or merely reduce the visibility of the numbers : if a crime requires certain difficult-to-prove elements in order to be considered a femicide , a large number of murders will remain on the books as simple homicides , and the authorities will be able to say they have `` reduced '' the femicide rate .
The `` war on drugs '' must end , and that requires worldwide changes in drug-control policies that , unfortunately , no anti-femicide initiative mentions .
One of the most obvious violations of the law is the flouting of Section 23 , which requires all public-transit vehicles to be accessible to disabled people .
This requires a different governance structure in which power is more evenly distributed , so that the IMF can effectively exercise surveillance where it should , not just where it can .
The traditional model of trading financial support for conditionality does not bode well with emerging economies that , despite having strong macroeconomic fundamentals , still need help to cope with external shocks . `` Giving confidence '' to this sort of customer requires the capacity to provide quick , automatic , meaningful , and front-loaded financial support ; otherwise , accumulating reserves and pooling them in regional agreements will still look like a more reliable option .
Democracy almost everywhere has been a fairly late child of capitalism , for it requires a self-conscious middle class to take root and flourish .
It requires democratic reform from the bottom up .
Good government also requires sharing a vision of the future -- the purposes and thinking behind public policies -- with the community .
Fast and sustainable economic growth requires the rule of law , accountable , meritocratic , and non-corrupt bureaucrats , protection of property rights , contract enforcement , and competitive markets .
For maintaining a constitutional order and viable free market requires an intuitive dislike of arbitrariness , a sensitivity to its manifestations , and spontaneous resistance .
Gazprom 's ambitions for gaining control of pipeline and energy transport infrastructure must be slowed , which requires allowing independent producers to prosper . Indeed , independent producers already account for 20 % of domestic gas sales in Russia .
Producing these animal products requires significantly more agricultural resources than a predominantly plant-based diet .
Obviously , such a policy requires significant investment in research and development .
That requires adopting policies that cover everything from kindergarten training to collaboration between universities and companies , as well as an overall business climate in which success is rewarded and failure is not treated as a human catastrophe .
Although Unasur aims to progress beyond free-trade agreements , this requires a more streamlined integration within the organization -- one that expands its current role as a forum for discussing problems and seeking solutions for Latin America as a whole .
But achieving success in Afghanistan -- defined as achieving a sustainable democratic regime able to contain political violence , prevent the reconstruction of a terrorist base with global reach , and dampen a narcotics-funded insurgency that threatens neighboring countries -- requires greater policy harmonization among the world powers that have a stake in the outcome .
It also requires abandoning the longstanding and widespread assumption that understanding science means simply learning a requisite body of facts and problem-solving recipes , and that mastery of those facts is the sole qualification needed to be a science teacher .
Developing such a way of thinking is a profoundly different experience from learning a set of facts , and requires very different teaching skills .
The new geography requires new relationships and planning strategies .
Maintaining these profits requires a population conditioned by this theater of fear to submit to anything -- even the sexual quasi-abuse of themselves and their children .
The world 's top development experts now agree that resolving many of today 's cultural , environmental , resource-driven conflicts requires educating and investing in women , as she advocated .
This requires policy changes as well as more generous and more effective aid .
The main reason for the slow pace -- noting that previous presidents had no pace at all -- is a 2005 law that requires that all measures affecting the labor market first be negotiated in good faith with the trade unions .
China in Action on Climate Change Beijing -- Climate change is a serious challenge to humanity and sustainable development , which requires both proactive responses and concerted effort by the international community .
But healing Lebanon 's wounds requires finding the means to offer alienated Shia what they want and need most , and not what outsiders think they should want or need .
Fortunately , Bin Laden 's death comes at the very moment when much of the Islamic world is being convulsed by the treatment that Bin Laden 's brand of fanaticism requires : the Arab Spring , with its demands for democratic empowerment -LRB- and the absence of demands , at least so far , for the type of Islamic rule that Al Qaeda sought to impose -RRB- .
To make a real difference , especially in the near term , the world must combine mitigation and adaptation with increased research and development into carbon-saving and sequestering technology , which in turn requires designing and exploiting market-based incentives .
But that dual objective requires structural change in the Chinese and US economies .
But it requires major investments to develop both traditional energy means and renewable ones .
And , because space exploration requires communications and control over vast distances , some of the applications could also enhance South Africa 's lucrative mining sector ; after all , controlling machines under the ground is similar to doing so in deep space .
In his six years in office , he has repeatedly tried to bypass a polarized state legislature -- even the annual budget requires a two-thirds majority -- by appealing directly to voters .
This requires , first and most importantly , reducing global warming to the apparently inevitable increase of two degrees Celsius , beyond which lies an environmental catastrophe that could be unmanageable for poor and vulnerable countries .
Whereas the original concept of IP involved shielding industries from international competition , today 's world requires integrating local productive capacity in global value chains .
Above all , truly secure and sustainable economic development requires that it build a large consumer base at home .
But China 's long-term interest , and that of the world , requires that it get serious about domestic structural reform .
And there is now a common understanding in China that meeting this objective requires that the government safeguard financial liberalization .
It requires that most of an annual bonus not only be deferred for three years , but also that it be put at risk .
