Without government regulation -LRB- including rules requiring that consumers purchase their useless services -RRB- , public notaries would not have the position from which they draw rents .
Nevertheless , European military capabilities are limited , requiring that European planners look for `` minimal '' options , with the drawback that smaller commitments generally require a long-term perspective .
These pragmatists stress the growing number of external challenges -- in the Balkans , Middle East , Africa or elsewhere -- requiring a concerted response .
An alternative to requiring pre-trading disclosure is to adopt a `` hands-off '' arrangement that leaves executives no discretion over when their equity-based compensation is cashed out .
The Syrian track -- requiring Israel 's withdrawal from the strategically vital Golan Heights and the evacuation of tens of thousand of settlers -- is hampered not only by the Israeli leadership 's legitimacy deficit , but also by US opposition to the talks .
Indeed , Netanyahu 's call for peace will remain hollow so long as he continues to view the solution to Israel 's legitimate security concerns as requiring continuous occupation of sizable portions of the future Palestinian state .
Building an ontology encapsulating the world 's knowledge may be an immense task , requiring an effort comparable to compiling a large encyclopedia and the expertise to build it , but it is feasible .
Regulators then shifted to edicts requiring banks to maintain a specified capital cushion , thick enough to cover potential losses .
Limits on borrowing that make it difficult to earn an adequate return on equity encourage banks to load up on riskier , high-profit-margin loans -- and requiring banks to hold more capital for supposedly riskier categories of assets exacerbates the problem .
And would doing so force larger write-downs , requiring banks , in turn , to ration credit -- and thus harming the economy ?
Taxing Tissue Today 's biomedical research is a collaborative research enterprise , requiring the contributions of patients , universities and industry .
This authority was reinforced by requiring unanimity among member states to overrule the Commission -- a provision that has strengthened the smaller states against the larger ones .
The country 's `` friends '' should encourage this effort , perhaps by requiring that the country 's provinces be given a voice in their dialogue with Zardari 's government .
First , the world increasingly recognizes that Colombia 's problems are international in nature , requiring international solutions .
To avoid one of the two parties getting the upper hand and imposing arbitrary decisions , the common decision-making body should consist of four Serbian delegates , two Kosovar delegates , and three representatives of the EU , thus requiring both sides to gain the support of the European delegates .
From a regulator 's perspective , this is a powerful argument for requiring higher capital to constrain the risk that banks can take on .
They responded that they had not rescued the truly bad speculative actor , Russia ; that they had `` bailed in , '' not bailed out , the New York banks , by requiring them to cough up additional money to support South Korea 's economy ; and that everyone had benefited massively , because a global recession was avoided .
But there are effective approaches to each of them that do not require tracking everyone online , or requiring IDs for every interaction .
This special accounting treatment could then be phased out over time , requiring banks to acknowledge their losses , but only once they were able to do so .
So Estonia , Latvia , and Lithuania can not be regarded as special Russian `` spheres of influence '' requiring Russian assent for membership in either the EU or NATO .
Two years could allow markets to see whether Spain 's banks can handle the decline of local real-estate prices , or whether mortgage defaults will lead to widespread bank failures , requiring the Spanish government to finance large deposit guarantees .
Budget deficits automatically increase government debt , requiring higher future taxes to pay the interest on that debt .
In the last three years , the United Nations Security Council has passed ten resolutions requiring the Sudanese government to change course and fulfill its obligation to protect its own people .
Nuclear power is another area requiring attention . So , too , are renewable forms of power , such as solar and wind .
If marijuana were allowed to be marketed much like alcohol is now , we could expect more problem users than if it were regulated more like pharmaceutical drugs -LRB- say , by requiring users to be licensed ; restricting the number of sales locations , hours of sale , and licensed growers ; and imposing high rates of taxation on higher-THC marijuana -RRB- .
Five people have just been rushed into a hospital in critical condition , each requiring an organ to survive .
Hunger leaves people more susceptible to disease , requiring more health-care spending .
In the case of the banks that required state rescues , European competition rules are requiring divestment and downsizing .
Olam was started by Indians in Nigeria and remains a world-beating trader in cotton , coffee , cashews and the like . To succeed , Olam has had to work `` up-country '' - -- a euphemism for difficult conditions far from comfortable port cities -- requiring it to rely on Indians ' familiarity with , and willingness to work in , Africa 's interior .
Moreover , physics begins with everyday phenomena requiring few new words -LRB- as opposed to conventional ninth-grade biology -RRB- : motion , velocity , acceleration , falling objects , a sense of gravity as a force , and some new concepts , e.g. mass , momentum , and energy , but with crisp definitions .
It imposed rules requiring majority support from members of functional constituencies as well as geographic constituencies to take such steps .
Between 1991 and 2000 , twelve Latin American countries adopted legislation requiring minimum percentages of women on the party lists used for the election of national legislators .
All countries , for example , should adopt quotas requiring that no more than half of parties ' legislative candidates in each district be of the same sex .
The Hartwell group argues that mass improvements are needed across many technologies , requiring the determined participation of governments .
But we quickly become desensitized , requiring ever more outrageous scenarios to move us .
Second , that improvement in quality was `` captured '' by national teams thanks to FIFA 's rule requiring players to play only for their national team .
Likewise , the current period in America and its relations with the world have been truly exceptional , requiring a leader who can fundamentally challenge a global majority 's view that America has become arrogant , impotent , and selfish .
Terrorism -LRB- most Europeans think -RRB- is a nuisance to be managed , not a challenge requiring total change .
Huge bets have undoubtedly been placed on the bonds of GM , Ford , Chrysler , and GMAC , and bankruptcy will be a CDS triggering event requiring repayment of these bonds .
It would be unfortunate if governments requiring financial institutions to be more prudent in managing risk were at the same time asked to turn a blind eye to sovereign risk .
Naturally , they encourage us to diagnose eating , sleeping , or feeling too much -LRB- or too little -RRB- as illnesses requiring a chemical cure .
Yet requiring deep fiscal cuts , privatization , and other structural reforms of the type that Greece has had to undertake risks greater unemployment and deeper recessions .
About a decade ago , after the Enron and WorldCom scandals , America 's stock-market regulator , the Securities and Exchange Commission -LRB- SEC -RRB- , considered requiring that companies allow qualified shareholders to put their director nominees on the company-paid election ballot .
Much recent regulatory activity has focused on enabling , enhancing , and requiring clearinghouses for these kinds of financing arrangements .
And then Greece , Ireland , and Portugal lost access to credit markets , requiring bailout packages from the International Monetary Fund and the European Union .
There are three options for restoring competitiveness within the eurozone , all requiring a real depreciation -- and none of which is viable :
Obama can count on at least some bipartisan support at home for the initiative against Kony : a bill requiring US action against the LRA was signed into law in May 2010 , with support from Democrats and Republicans in both houses of Congress .
Petroleum independent until 1993 , China now consumes more and more imported petroleum every year , and power consumption is predicted to double by 2025 , requiring an average of one new coal-fired plant to come on line each week .
After all , science is a form of enterprise , requiring a sophisticated organization of resources and workers , an adventuresome attitude , and a willingness to take risks for possibly great rewards .
Defenders of privacy have worked , with some success , to prevent insurance companies from requiring genetic testing before issuing life insurance .
Laws requiring the wearing of seatbelts save many lives .
Financial products must be made transparent , off-balance sheet operations must be limited , and , above all , the scope of leveraged operations must be reduced by requiring higher equity-asset ratios .
With French leadership , 2011 offers a golden opportunity for the most important capital markets to adopt clear , precise rules requiring full financial disclosure by extractive-industry companies to governmental authorities .
The United States has already passed legislation requiring public disclosure of payments to governments , through the 2010 Dodd-Frank law .
Since the new government could also fall unless it retains a legislative majority , parliamentary systems have important `` coalition requiring '' and `` coalition sustaining '' incentives .
Unlike a directly elected president in classic presidentialism , such a legislatively produced president could be voted out by a `` constructive vote of no confidence , '' leaving incumbents subject to `` coalition requiring '' and `` coalition sustaining '' incentives .
As if all this were not enough , as the Davos meeting opened , America 's House of Representatives passed a bill requiring American steel to be used in stimulus spending , despite the G-20 's call to avoid protectionism in response to the crisis .
Some concern politics : the Enron scandal strengthens the case for campaign finance reform , and the need for even stronger laws requiring public disclosure .
WWII called for total mobilization , and it was that total mobilization , requiring a country 's total resources , that wiped out unemployment .
Haircuts , like a host of other activities requiring detailed local knowledge , can not be outsourced .
It was asked to judge whether there was an imminent threat to world peace requiring pre-emptive military action .
Alternatively , a new EU financial regulator could handicap own-country bonds by requiring banks holding them to set aside more capital .
Stalin presented the crop failure as a sign of Ukrainian national resistance , requiring firmness rather than concessions .
Unarmed observers could also help to ensure that emergency international food assistance , on which much of Zimbabwe 's population now depends for survival , is distributed equitably , without regard to the political leanings of those requiring it .
Rapid expansion of agricultural activity is requiring more and more water all across the continent .
Perhaps every country should vote in the UN General Assembly on how to proceed ; the option receiving the most votes -- with a possible mandatory minimum requirement , such as requiring an alternative to win a majority or some higher number of votes -- would prevail .
How often are resources invested in Palestinian films , books , newspapers , high schools , dance troupes , teachers , etc. without requiring the recipients to make friendly gestures to Israel ?
