Irresponsible borrowing by governments in international credit markets requires irresponsible lending .
Loan or bond covenants often require borrowers to agree to maintain a minimum level of equity capital or cash on hand .
Securities laws require that issuers of corporate bonds spell out all possible risks .
This simple rule would require no complex reordering of European fiscal arrangements , nor would it require the creation of new supra-national entities .
Instead of repeatedly making clear that Kosovo independence is an indispensable requirement for EU membership -- so important to Serbia 's modernization and Balkan stability -- EU leaders like Javier Solana laud Kostunica as a great democratic leader .
Three weeks ago in the UN Security Council , Russia again insisted that any agreement required the approval of both Serbia and Kosovo , and that further negotiations were necessary .
Resolving this generational struggle peacefully will require democratic elections within Fatah for membership of both the Revolutionary Council and the Central Committee .
But in the end , Israel will also have to make a choice , because peace will require Israeli concessions , not just compromises from the Palestinians .
The political , security , and economic circumstances of the Palestinians require a government focused on solving problems , not ideological purity .
In a bellicose world , a credible voice in the international arena requires a creditable military capability and high-tech military technology .
All citizens stand to benefit from competitive markets for products and services , but more often than not , the broad coalition required to sustain pro-competitive policies never materializes ; political support simply is n't there .
Here again , winning the battle for deregulation requires convincing consumers that they stand to benefit .
Generating sufficient political support to enact reforms that can survive the opposition of vested interests requires attempting to deregulate the entire economy simultaneously , not select industries , one by one .
Today , the Party 's political bureau has more than 20 members and each resolution requires unanimity .
More important decisions require an even larger consensus , involving up to 3,000 people .
It also decrees that a majority of more than 80 % of shareholder votes is required for important decisions in the company .
The attacks were an operation that must have required months of planning : serious weapons were deployed , a small army was mobilized , targets were studied , transport was organized , and weak points identified .
Whereas between 25 % and 40 % of Iraqis may require food assistance at any given time , this figure is much higher for displaced people , owing to their poor access to the public distribution system .
However , there are other important science-based issues that require study by internationally-based organizations in order to be widely accepted .
The IAC 's most recent effort , entitled Lighting the Way : Toward a Sustainable Energy Future , presents an ambitious science-based agenda for meeting the world 's enormously challenging energy requirements .
Of course , these efforts will almost surely fail to replace oil within a reasonable time , as they are not market-driven and require heavy subsidies .
Nevertheless , European military capabilities are limited , requiring that European planners look for `` minimal '' options , with the drawback that smaller commitments generally require a long-term perspective .
This requires not just reinforcing resilience in the face of crisis , but also equipping euro-area economies for the longer-term challenges of globalization , aging , resource scarcity , and climate change .
This will mean starting to imagine -- without panic or rush , and with all the care and thoughtfulness that this conversation requires -- a global civics .
Current and probable future levels of global connectivity and interdependence enable and require us to commence this conversation .
At the International Agency for Research on Cancer , the specialized cancer agency of WHO , further research on the causes of cancer is being conducted , which promises to provide the base of evidence required to alleviate even more of the worldwide cancer burden , .
If divisive decisions must be taken , healthy partnership requires that they be discussed openly and honestly .
Moreover , the Area of Freedom , Security , and Justice still requires unanimity for essential decisions in the fight against crime and terrorism and therefore , implying excruciating slowness .
Others , such as Robert Dahl , argue that democracy requires smaller communities based on shared interests and personal relations .
One consequence of this is that agreements with third countries that involve both foreign and economic matters require two distinct treaties : one for the Union , one for the Community .
Reckless balance-sheet expansion in pursuit of profit is kept in check if financial companies adhere to statutory capital requirements , which mandate a capital-asset ratio of about 8 % .
Avoidance of prudential requirements is at the core of today 's financial crisis , exacerbated by the collapse of confidence in a system based on trust .
This requires a framework that takes into account , among other things , developmental possibilities , environmental concerns , labor conditions , and community interests , and that is adaptable to changing circumstances .
Many governments in Africa simply do n't have the capacity to negotiate complex contracts that require a wide range of in-depth knowledge of law , finance , geology , economic modeling , etc. , while firms typically do .
Turkey 's experience shows that true security in the region requires internal stability and social peace .
Not all countries will embrace the Protocol . Some will prefer to avoid any strengthening of economic , social , and cultural rights and will seek to maintain the status quo . The better and fairer position , however , is to embrace the vision of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and promote unambiguously the idea that human dignity requires respect for the equally vital and mutually dependent freedoms from fear and want .
But this requires containing tribal and regional polarization , as well as the rivalries between the Interim National Council -LRB- INC -RRB- and the Military Council -LRB- MC -RRB- , and between senior military commanders .
The Liberals make the sensible argument that anybody with a job should get a work visa , but that knowledge of Swedish be a citizenship requirement and that unemployed immigrants be barred from receiving social benefits for five years .
Indeed , in the Khodorkovsky affair , all procedural requirements have been blithely neglected .
A return to democracy , regional self-government and free media are other requirements .
Instead , they have reverted to strict reserve requirements , effectively rationing credit and thereby causing a domestic credit squeeze in the midst of the current international financial crisis , which is likely to force some medium-sized banks into bankruptcy because of liquidity problems .
Three countries in the region -- Hungary , Latvia , and Romania -- required emergency standby programs with the International Monetary Fund .
Europe requires institutional changes that are much more fundamental than anything discussed so far .
Resolving these semi-dormant wars requires stepped-up political involvement , economic engagement , and a willingness to provide Western peacekeeping forces and monitors if and when they are needed .
But the long-term peace and stability needed to advance economic and political reform in the region will also require either a change in Russian behavior or a reduction in Russian influence .
In fact , the obsession with Syria 's sectarian rivalries provides destabilizing external forces with the oxygen that their inflammatory rhetoric requires .
And that requires a national dialogue , overseen by the international community , aimed at bolstering internal unity -- and thus at protecting the country from regional interference .
Such an assessment requires acknowledging that the election was far from flawless : Hamas and Islamic Jihad boycotted the poll , and Marwan Barghouti , a fellow Fatah member with Abbas and the one candidate who could seriously have challenged him , was ungently persuaded by the movement 's leadership to withdraw his candidacy in order to present a unified front .
For years , Arafat avoided holding elections , as required by the laws of the Palestinian Authority , under the pretense that they can not be held under occupation : but , lo and behold , two months after his demise , an election was held - and with resounding success .
Until now , they have failed abysmally in institutional nation-building , a necessary requirement for any successful national movement .
The reason for these differences is simple : democratic transition requires not only elections , but also several pre-conditions -- a vibrant civil society ; previous traditions , whether actual or remembered , of representation , pluralism , tolerance , and individualism ; a limited role of religion ; and an effective institutional framework for a multi-party system .
A genuine and inclusive process will require engaging with the whole spectrum of Afghan civil society , including rights organizations , women 's groups , the clergy , public intellectuals , and influential tribal networks .
But that requires commitment to a real vision of what constitutes a minimally functioning Afghan state , beyond the obvious need for effective security forces .
Moreover , the requirement of parents ' approval for placing children in special schools remains valid , while Roma children who were initially placed in those schools could have returned to mainstream schools later , and thus reintegrated into normal schooling .
These steps would require the IMF mission teams to become more diverse , bringing financial sector expertise in addition to the traditional macro and fiscal skills .
This acceptance of collective responsibility should come with abandoning US veto power in the IMF by lowering required voting majorities , as well as abandoning Europe 's prerogative of appointing the Managing Director .
In almost all candidates , further disinflation and long-term economic growth require fiscal consolidation , more flexible labor markets , and completion of privatization .
For example , his opposition to governments ' authority to prohibit or regulate human behavior extended to licensing requirements for doctors and car drivers , as well as to anti-drug laws , which he believed operated as a subsidy to organized crime .
This would require an enhanced level of European identity , something which the Union 's political elites can not generate artificially . But the crucial point is not that a large common budget in the eurozone is politically impossible to achieve , but rather that it would not address the main problem : the weakness of the mechanisms safeguarding fiscal discipline in the member states .
Instead of looking at the wrong model -- that of a single state -- the EU and its member states should focus on the conditions required for the proper functioning of a currency union that has no common budget to compensate for asymmetric shocks .
This requires ensuring the credibility and transparency of the accounting rules that define budget deficits and public debt , with closer monitoring also focusing on the development of asset bubbles , which cause deep recessions -- and thus sharp increases in budget deficits -- when they burst .
Gaining useful knowledge from animal research requires robust experimental findings : different scientists should be able to reproduce them in different locations .
This requires a thorough understanding of each animal species and its biology .
Any development of fusion reactors would require producing tritium with industrial methods that have yet to be invented .
To achieve this requires using a magnet to accelerate a plasma that is a big flame of deuterium and tritium nuclei .
Should one-third of national parliaments so wish , the European Commission will be required to reconsider a proposal .
A citizens ' initiative of this kind will require one million signatures , obtained in different countries .
No state would be required to give up the right to develop its own fuel cycle .
With just 10-15 years of estimated oil reserves remaining , the United Arab Emirates last year dropped visa requirements for most Westerners in an effort to accelerate the development of a viable tourist trade .
Changing weather patterns and the increasing magnitude and frequency of extreme weather events will require substantial investments if farmers are to adapt successfully .
As a result , our economic interdependence requires careful coordination , not just in the coming weeks , but , crucially , in the longer term .
Prosperity and growth , security and stability , and the long-term sustainability of our societies require the promotion of our interests and values abroad , and engagement with external threats and global challenges .
As a result , our economic interdependence requires careful coordination , not just in the coming weeks , but , crucially , in the longer term .
In brief , just as we do not ban steroids because they are dangerous , but require that buyers have a valid prescription , we should institutionalize caution in how financial products can be used -- and by whom .
In order to keep the system lean , there should be a provision for exempting some individuals and firms -- those sophisticated enough to handle their own affairs , or well off enough to deal with financial failure -- from the requirement of an RFP 's approval before buying a prescription financial product .
Large firms are relatively risk-averse not only because they are bureaucracies , with layers of management required to sign off on any innovation , but also because they are reluctant to back innovations that threaten to render obsolete the products or services that currently account for their profits .
It required Boeing and other large aircraft manufacturers , for example , to commercialize what the Wright Brothers pioneered , or Ford and General Motors to mass-produce the automobile , and so on . But without entrepreneurs , few of the really bold innovations that have shaped our modern economy and our lives would be in place .
In many cases , the importance of ratings comes partly from legal requirements that oblige or encourage institutional investors and investment vehicles to maintain portfolios of assets that have received sufficiently high grades from the recognized agencies .
Even if ratings were no longer required or encouraged by law , however , demand for ratings -- and the need to improve their reliability -- would remain .
For starters , it is important to require traded companies to provide detailed disclosure to public investors about the amounts and beneficiaries of any funds that the company spends , either directly or indirectly .
The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision has recently come out in favor of such regulations , and the United States House of Representatives has voted to require regulators to set compensation rules .
For example , regulatory standards could require equity-based plans to preclude managers from cashing out awarded shares and options during a certain minimum period after vesting .
To improve the link between pay and performance further , and limit executives ' ability to weaken it by using their access to inside information and control over company disclosures , executives could be required to announce their choice of period substantially in advance .
The insurance subsidiaries were not responsible for the obligations of their parent company , and their claims toward policyholders were backed by required reserves .
It did not require taxpayers to bail out the parent company 's derivative counterparties .
Thus , left Confucians favor institutional reform , arguing that the long-term stability and legitimacy of political institutions requires that they be founded on Chinese traditions .
Converting Syria An Arab-Israeli peace requires a comprehensive approach , because the problems at stake are intertwined .
Admittedly , Israeli governments have never liked the idea of negotiating peace with all enemies simultaneously , if only because the political costs of the required concessions would be unbearable .
With the Americans still refraining from engaging in a Clinton-like level of committed mediation , the parties look to be incapable of meeting each other 's minimal requirements for a settlement .
But this requires that both Israel and the United States change course .
The idea that the Arab-Israeli peace process requires choosing between a Syrian or a Palestinian track has proved to be a dangerous fallacy .
But a strategy of peace with Israel , Sadat knew , required an alliance with the United States .
Unfortunately , inspiration , too , requires the threat of effective military power to be an effective force for change .
Admittedly , the strategic conditions in the region are far more complex today than they were eight years ago , when Israel 's requirements for a deal with Syria focused mainly on security arrangements on the Golan Heights , and on Syria using its leverage in Lebanon to permit an Israeli settlement with that country .
It would require bold statesmanship to turn the cease-fire with Hamas into a prelude to political talks .
Indeed , both Israel and the United States are adamant about excluding Hamas from the Annapolis process unless and until it recognizes Israel 's right to exist , while Hamas will not abandon its identity as a resistance movement merely to join negotiations that seem unlikely to satisfy the Palestinian people 's minimal requirements .
The resurgence of the Taliban in Afghanistan requires a more robust military response , but with the American army bogged down in Iraq and the Western allies reluctant to send additional troops , the country 's dismemberment by local warlords is not a far-fetched scenario .
Unless Obama reaches an uneasy understanding with Russia -- which would require revising post-Cold War strategic agreements -- the chances of imposing a tight sanctions regime on Iran are slim .
To achieve this objective requires resolution of the Arab-Israeli conflict , particularly the Palestinian question .
Leadership and commitment are what is required , and Obama 's `` Yes , we can '' campaign has already shown that he has both .
The meager results of the Oslo peace process are regarded by Hamas as vindication of its consistent view that the Oslo accords were doomed to failure , and that Israel and America never intended to respect the minimal requirements of Palestinian nationalism .
Netanyahu knows that the daunting task of maintaining Israel 's relationship with the US is as much a vital strategic necessity as it is a compelling domestic requirement .
Not much imagination is required to discern what norms the Chinese might inculcate into the 1,000 Central Asian policemen and judicial officials they are currently training .
US Assistant Secretary of State Rose Gottemoeller 's recent call for Israel to join the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- , which would require it to declare and relinquish its nuclear arsenal , has incited fears that America 's diplomatic umbrella for Israel 's nuclear status is ending .
The resolution of conflicts of this nature requires the recovery of historical memory and a proper hearing of the two parties ' historical narratives , perhaps through the creation of Truth and Reconciliation Committees .
The days of Pax Americana in the region are over , which means that avoiding a regional explosion will require mobilizing the major international actors that favor diplomatic solutions for the Arab-Israeli conflict and for Iran 's quest to become a legitimate partner in a new regional system .
Conspicuously , Haiti 's Dominican neighbors were the first to gauge the magnitude of the problem and the global nature of the required solution .
In Erdogan 's vision , modernization does not preclude a return to Turkey 's Islamic roots , nor does it require it to abandon its destiny as a Middle East power , even if this means flouting United States-led policies in the region .
Yet Erdogan has also been eager to use Europe 's requirements as a pretext to curb the army 's capacity to check his Islamic revolution .
The process fell victim to the parties ' inability to bridge the gap between what was politically feasible for them and what was required for a settlement .
The end of the conflict , like the requirement that Israel be recognized as a Jewish state , is a concept that has unnecessarily acquired mythical meaning .
Whatever route is taken , the great question today concerns the enigma that is Bibi Netanyahu , a would-be Churchill who believes that his mission is to thwart the designs of Iran 's evil new Shia empire , something which requires the goodwill of the international community , particularly of the Obama administration .
Rather , failure stemmed from the inherent incapacity of both parties to reconcile themselves to each other 's fundamental requirements for a settlement .
Even then , such a plan would require especially laborious and complex diplomatic engineering .
The US had two requirements of Mubarak : that he undertake domestic political reform , and that he be a peace broker in the region .
This would require improving America 's diplomatic capabilities , as well as regaining international competitiveness through greater investment in education and infrastructure at home .
But Israel is not required to sign a peace deal with the erratic Mashaal .
But Israel will be required to engage in peace talks only if the Palestinians crack down on terrorism -- that is , risk another Fatah-Hamas civil war -- and eliminate corruption .
Being able to act militarily requires capable , flexible forces that are suited to their mission .
But the EU 's `` Battlegroups '' are a first response to this requirement .
Finally , as all of the EU 's 27 member states are now trying to reduce public spending in sustainable ways , financing for military operations , without which nothing is possible , requires a new approach .
Moreover , significant sector-specific reforms are needed even in some Central European and Baltic countries , particularly in sustainable energy and energy efficiency , transport , and the financial sector , where regulatory and supervisory regimes require strengthening , financing of small and medium-sized firms needs to be improved , and local capital markets must be developed .
As with the Vienna Initiative , a `` Vienna 2.0 '' would require commitments by all concerned parties .
In responding to the higher capital requirements imposed by authorities , and choosing whether to raise more capital or sell off assets , the banks must take into account the important role that their subsidiaries play in many countries .
All of this requires coordination .
Information quality , molded in the shadow of Web search , will determine the future of mankind , but ensuring quality will require a revolutionary approach , a technological breakthrough beyond statistics . This revolution is underway , and it is called semantic technology .
Once computers can handle natural languages with semantic precision , high-quality information will not need to become popular before it reaches the end user , unlike what is required by Web search today .
But each will require considerable early efforts to reduce their fall-out .
All this signaled to allies abroad and citizens at home that Britain 's cooperation should not be taken for granted , that it requires domestic approval .
Merely to insist , as some legal purists want , on the sanctity of existing agreements , is not enough ; if they were adequate for past international requirements , this does not mean they are viable in a time when non-state actors are muscling into an arena hitherto monopolized by states .
This week Hans Blix - the UN 's chief weapons investigator - provided the Security Council with an interim report on the state of Iraq 's compliance with all the resolutions that require it to eliminate its weapons of mass destruction .
His support for international crisis missions in Kosovo , Bosnia , or Afghanistan required considerable political courage and made Germany one of the major contributors to international stability efforts .
It will require years of hard work to reconcile America 's resources and requirements , and to ensure that its initiatives can once again be seen as designed not to serve narrow US ideologies , but to advance a fair international order .
Myth 3 : `` Free trade requires that other countries also open their markets . ''
After that , further efficiencies require shedding workers .
Following the Internet boom of the late 1990 's , job creation slowed , while efficiency improvements continued to reduce the labor required by the `` old '' goods and services .
Bankers , who may really be worried about their own bonuses , warn that higher capital requirements will force them to curtail lending , thus impeding economic growth .
For example , under the internationally-agreed Basel Committee rules that were in place before the 2008 crash , capital requirements for business loans were five times higher than for mortgage-backed securities that had AA or AAA ratings .
Smarter capital requirements -- better Basel rules -- are n't the answer .
And because stockholders or raiders ca n't force streamlining , governments must require these banks to shed activities that no one can manage or regulate and stick to hands-on case-by-case lending .
For Poland and the other countries of East-Central Europe that have or are about to join NATO , membership in the Alliance did n't really require debate .
As with any therapeutic intervention , the most convincing and direct proof of the preventive efficacy of antioxidant supplements requires randomized , controlled clinical trials .
People exposed to increased oxidative stress may have elevated antioxidant requirements .
Results of ongoing clinical trials and further studies are required to improve our knowledge .
Renaissance of nuclear power will require a big expansion of qualified scientists and engineers .
Smart grid systems can enable big savings in emissions , but require a plan for putting them into effect .
These measures will take time , but require investment now .
But when one takes a step back -LRB- something easier to do on days when markets are closed -RRB- , the picture becomes clearer , and so do the required policies .
Those of the second type are minor and relatively easy to repair if not to avoid . All that they usually require is a reduction in interest rates or a bit of reflation .
This prospect literally gives me the shivers . Not only may the future be less radiant , but the adjustments that will be required once reality sets in could set off a nastier recession and a more persistent slowing of the economy than anything predicted today .
This would require Europe 's governments to increase their deficits in the short run , while improving the long run outlook through serious pension reform .
The private sector needs to become more involved in infrastructure , which requires the adoption of adequate public-private partnerships .
This requires cutting compulsory contributions to the public system , while maintaining benefit levels for current retirees .
The rules-based approach of the SGP is fundamentally sound , but it requires operational criteria that can be defined with some precision .
Of course , any estimate of the implicit pension debt requires caveats and arbitrary assumptions .
Some of the rules that it proposes are unenforceable -- and thus merely a source of red tape for migrants and their employers that would require huge public bureaucracies to administer .
Realistic restrictions in Europe can be adopted only by taking into account migration spillovers across jurisdictions , which requires implementing policies that are agreed at the EU level .
The Green Paper also suggests that , when admitting migrants , member countries `` require proof that no one already part of the domestic labor market can fill the vacancy concerned . ''
This strategy will pay off only if a sustained economic recovery does not require a significant reallocation of labor .
That requires contracts that do not come with a fixed expiry date .
Moreover , the targets mostly involved policies that do not require any supra-national coordination , such as labor policies , childcare , and pensions .
Since it is increasingly difficult to recruit and retain soldiers , to do so will probably require raising their wages and improving their quality of life .
The Charter empowered the UN to react to threats to peace and international order arising from non-member states , including a requirement -- never implemented -- that signatories provide `` military contingents under the command of the Military Staff Committee , composed of the Chiefs of Staff of the permanent members . ''
The same should hold with respect to the new UN : to join and remain a UN member would require respecting the international commitments undertaken by each state , beginning with the UN Charter and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
However , a referendum in Italy requires 50 % turnout to validate the outcome .
These functions of government , and a federal budget of this size , would , of course , require the equivalent of a finance minister .
Almost all states ' constitutions require balanced budgets -LRB- with exceptions for emergencies -RRB- .
California 's government rarely manages to satisfy the balanced-budget requirement in the state constitution .
This approach requires judgment and resolve in separating insolvent institutions from solvent ones .
Of the $ 500 billion that America required for the Resolution Trust Corporation -LRB- equivalent to $ 1 1\/4 trillion today -RRB- , $ 400 billion was returned from asset sales , for a net cost of $ 100 billion , one-tenth the worst-case private forecasts of $ 1 trillion .
To balance the benefits of scale and scope with the socialized losses to taxpayers , firms deemed too big to fail should be required to have more capital , and the amount should rise disproportionately with size .
Since every dollar , euro , yen , rupee , or yuan borrowed today requires the same present value in future interest payments -- and therefore future taxes -- there are important long-term costs to balance against whatever benefits the deficits create today ; there is no fiscal free lunch .
These concerns require that fiscal exit strategies be planned , announced , and implemented soon , before the stimulus programs become permanently entrenched , develop powerful dependent constituencies , and greatly increase the risk of rising interest rates , inflation , and taxation .
Vast amounts of debt-financed spending will require higher future taxes , which will divert capital and labor from higher-value uses than can be sustained without permanent government lifelines .
When states got waivers for time limits and work or training requirements for welfare recipients , they were so successful that federal welfare reform followed .
But to return to the pre-crisis safety zone will require a decade of large primary budget surpluses -LRB- excluding interest payments -RRB- of roughly 4 % of GDP for the US , 3 % for the eurozone -LRB- higher for higher-debt countries -RRB- , and 7 % for Japan .
Simultaneous restrictions on spending , taxes , and debt are thus required to avert future economic and financial crises .
These rules include appropriate temporary safety valves for recession , and some have super-majority voting requirements .
Of course , any regulation in this field requires at least some involvement by a doctor but the Oregon Act recognizes the fundamental dilemma faced by doctors confronted with a patient 's request to die and strives to keep that involvement to a minimum .
Physicians are not required to be present at the suicide , and they are not allowed to administer the lethal drug .
Nowadays , when the EU concludes agreements with non-EU countries , it includes all sorts of stiff requirements in areas like human rights , non-proliferation , readmission of migrants , and terrorism .
In a world of fair play , the flip side of rule making is compliance , and compliance may require enforcement , through economic sanctions and other non-military measures .
On the contrary , fair play requires American power to back it up .
Huge investments -- worth trillions of euros -- will be needed to meet global energy requirements .
This will require much work on the part of both immigrants and native Dutch .
However , given current European and American law , these claims require a novel legal underpinning in order to be valid and enforceable .
The Chinese leadership has demonstrated many times that it can quell domestic dissent , but the unique scale of the Olympics will require round-the-clock vigilance .
That means that solutions to the many problems they now face will require adjustment to the way each of them taxes and spends .
The convergence of sovereign debt yields implied and required by the establishment of the common currency need not return .
Moreover , any viable solution in Iraq requires political agreement among Iraqis , which in turn will depend on their willingness to compromise .
Representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen has introduced legislation that would require US government pension funds , private pension funds , and mutual funds sold or distributed in the US to divest from companies that invest more than $ 20 million in Iran .
This requires modifying some of the rules governing its own internal carbon market , the EU Emission Trading Scheme -LRB- EU ETS -RRB- .
Confronted with the prospect of a US veto , an increasing number of international observers flatly oppose the Palestinian plan , on the grounds that it is unlikely to generate concrete political gains and would merely deflect attention from the main requirement of Middle East peace-making : a return to the negotiating table .
Given the inherent tension implied by neo-conservatism 's simultaneous embrace of secular free-market capitalism and `` traditional '' values , its strategy , perfected since the Reagan era , has been to re-draw the lines of division : then , as now , the West is `` at risk , '' which requires nurturing a strongly emotional distinction between `` us '' and `` them . ''
Changing that will require not merely confronting a new ideological outlook , but also deciding which policies reflect what is best about the American political tradition .
But realizing these aims requires cooperation from the government in Khartoum , whereas each of the proposed measures would only heighten tensions or prove useless .
The most important decision that Israel 's new government is likely to face , when the time comes , is whether the country 's well being and even survival requires acting decisively against Iran 's nuclear facilities .
But it requires us to put in place a new climate change agreement now -- one that all countries can accept .
Here is one case where a bit more vulgar showbiz may be exactly what democracy requires .
Many people have migrated to Western European countries from North Africa and Turkey during the last half-century , not because of Western generosity , but because they were required for jobs that natives no longer wanted .
Solutions for all of these problems will probably require a complete reinvention of airplane technology .
Automatic aircraft operation is already becoming commonplace -- especially in the military -- but further increases will require a similarly automatic airspace .
If it were generally accepted , it would imply that the EU now holds official moral doctrines , and that allegiance to these doctrines is required in order to exercise the full right of citizens to serve in a public capacity .
As with environmentalism , sustainable medicine requires reformulating the idea of progress that drives technology costs and fuels public demand .
However much health improves , it will never be sufficient -- so further progress is always required .
Long-term affordability and equitable access requires a finite vision of medicine and health care , one that does not try to overcome aging , death , and disease , but tries to help everyone avoid a premature death and to live decent , even if not perfect , lives .
Sustainable medicine also requires comparing health care expenditure with spending on other socially important goods .
But , to be fair , rationing requires the knowledge and general consent of all who are subject to it .
Halting this progressive alienation will require major changes in outlook and policy on both sides of the Atlantic .
Checks and balances at home require a correlative balance of power abroad .
With respect to financial supervision , there has been increasing support since the crisis for countercyclical capital requirements , at least for banks .
Such countercyclical capital requirements are likely to be added to the toolkit of macroprudential rules and policies , the use of which has risen as enthusiasm for light-touch financial supervision has faded .
Those tools include caps , linked to borrowers ' characteristics , on loan-to-value ratios ; direct limits on currency and maturity mismatches in financial institutions ' balance sheets ; limits on their balance sheets ' interconnectedness ; and minimum reserve requirements for specific financial instruments .
For starters , the surveillance required to establish eradication is a huge challenge .
This does not require immediately creating new administrative structures , but skillful political coordination can and must be at the heart of this debate and ensuring its successful outcome .
This requires sensitive debate , thoughtful leadership , and financial assistance to keep girls in school .
It could be authorized to enter into trade agreements as well as agreements concerning individuals -LRB- for example , admission and circulation of foreigners , or extradition -RRB- , plus the right to seek admission to the UN -LRB- which does not require full sovereignty and independence -RRB- .
They require strengthening those governments of the modern left , or those of the center or center-right threatened by the old-fashioned left , and simultaneously making it clear to the latter that there is a price to be paid for violating the basic tenets of democracy , respect for human rights , and the rule of law .
In principle , IDB membership requires OAS membership , and therein may lie the reason why Cuba insisted so strongly on returning , and why it was ultimately disappointed in not obtaining unconditional re-admission .
To become a full-fledged UN member , the Security Council must recommend the move to the General Assembly ; but upgrading the Palestinian Authority 's status to that of the Vatican -- which in theory would allow it to participate in many UN agencies , including the International Criminal Court -- requires only a two-thirds vote in the General Assembly .
This requires further development and deepening of strategic relations with emerging powers , such as China , India , and Brazil , as well as with regional organizations .
This will require a more committed approach than that pursued under the so-called Lisbon Agenda during the past decade .
This will require a Europe able to build deep strategic relationships with all the key players in our increasingly multi-polar world .
The answers to these questions will require research , and research into metastasis and tumor dormancy is difficult .
It requires patience , development of models , and willingness to undertake long-term studies .
The legislation is meant to comply with Article 23 of the Basic Law , the mini-constitution that governs Hong Kong and that requires the government to enact laws against treason , sedition , subversion , and theft of national secrets .
Journalists argue that defending the public 's interest sometimes requires reporting state secrets .
But nuclear power requires even more .
Whichever `` hero '' wins , however , building enduring peace and stability in war-scarred Sri Lanka requires a genuine process of national reconciliation and healing .
Transforming China from an export-driven economy to one that relies on domestic consumption requires two fundamental reforms .
But conventional geothermal power requires a natural source of large quantities of steam or hot water , and such sources are usually found only in volcanic regions , which rules out its use in large parts of the world .
To get poor societies to grow , we need to change their cultures , not just their institutions and associated incentives , and that requires exposing more people in these societies to life in advanced economies .
The rate of return required on safe investments declined from 10 % to 4 % .
In 2004 , for example , the United States Food and Drug Administration told drug manufacturers to print warnings on certain antidepressants about the increased short-term risk of suicide in adolescents using them , and required increased monitoring of young people as they started medication .
Distinguishing between enhancement and treatment requires defining normality and disease , which is notoriously difficult .
Creating the necessary space to accommodate universal enrollment will require significant investment .
The political energy required for expanding and reforming education is difficult to muster in the world 's wealthiest nations .
Ensuring high-quality education for all children requires an open discussion of educational goals , an international commitment to improving its effectiveness and economic efficiency , recognition of the need to extend secondary education to all children , and acknowledgment of educational diversity and the need to adapt aid policies to local contexts .
Then there are those who believe that EU enlargement has prevented greater `` deepening , '' and who , with scant regard for the past or the future , argue that pursuing the latter requires abandoning the former .
But if the world evolves in a markedly unanticipated direction , people 's existing plans , relations , and contracts require revision .
Eventually , the required restructuring became so widespread that it impacted virtually every sector of the economy .
This will require appropriate human behavior at all levels , and may well involve internationally accepted , large-scale geo-engineering projects to `` optimize '' climate .
According to the Kyoto Protocol , what China , as a `` developing '' country , and the US , as a `` developed '' country , are required to do is completely different .
That requires more representation by farmers and workers in the National People 's Congress and sub-national legislative organs , more freedom for public-spirited journalists to investigate cases of social injustice , and more freedom for civic organizations to act on behalf of the environment and those who do not benefit from economic reform .
The EU should aggressively enforce the Cotonou Agreement , which requires Ethiopia and other nations that receive European assistance to respect `` human rights , democratic principles , and the rule of law . ''
Second , defending our values requires instruments of power .
It requires plausible leadership and the reasonable hope that things will get better before long .
Undeniably , the independence of judges today requires more than lifetime tenure and reasonable emoluments -LRB- which were Hamilton 's concerns -RRB- .
The process requires constitution making of an often complex and painful kind .
The point of asking such questions is to remind ourselves that genuine constitutional politics requires serious thought and careful preparation .
In many cases this requires drastic measures , particularly insofar as our physical security is concerned .
A second requirement is that we look ahead more effectively .
It requires measures that do not come easily to citizens , groups , and authorities steeped in a tradition of liberalism and tolerance .
It requires a sense of social responsibility that accompanies and cushions the painful process of modernization .
Even the necessary minimum of a common language requires a deliberate effort , to say nothing of certain rules of behavior .
Security requires not just troops , but laws and their enforcement .
What one might call `` the liberal order '' requires at least two institutional ingredients .
It requires persons of great courage to become judges , and strong authorities to enforce their judgments .
Involving the people and providing for peaceful conflict resolution may require institutions peculiar to the region and its history .
Such improvement requires above all self-help , the actions of individuals who will not accept the misery of the zero hour for long .
Demographic developments alone require major reforms of social policy .
Perhaps what it requires most is a touch of Margaret Thatcher 's policies of the 1980 's , combined with Tony Blair 's rhetoric of today .
But they soon discovered that realizing this prospect would require a longer and more arduous journey than they had anticipated .
The constitution of liberty requires both , and the rule of law is the more difficult of the two to establish and maintain , for it requires not just a constitution but , almost more importantly , an independent judiciary that is sensitive to violations of constitutional and other legitimate rules .
The program of spreading the liberal order requires a much more sophisticated approach .
Above all , it requires international agencies and groupings that remain alert to the risks of illiberal democracies .
New visa requirements and other obstacles to travel , more intimate data collected by governments , and the presence of video cameras everywhere -- at once benign and intrusive -- remind one more of George Orwell 's Big Brother than of John Stuart Mill 's On Liberty .
Both require active and alert citizens who engage what they do not like rather than calling for the state to clamp down on it .
In short , citizenship in the full sense of the word requires basic rights and the ability to enforce them .
It also requires a basic economic status , including an income guarantee , which can be provided in a variety of ways .
This requires a constitutional court of sorts , as well as a judiciary and institutions to enforce its rulings .
To succeed requires programmatic clarity , organizational honesty , and an understanding of the concerns of societies that have lost their traditional structures .
It requires a sense of the medium term and a commitment to rational debate of issues , for one tradition that can be revived -- that of enlightened thinking -- is the most important of all .
It is debatable whether recent incidents of this kind require a `` dialogue between religions . ''
This requires parliaments that can both legislate and govern .
They require massive transitional expenditure as they are introduced .
This required only the physical separation of the symbols -LRB- visualized as a tape -RRB- handled by the machine and the machine itself .
Sustainable development therefore requires that , relative to their populations , each generation should bequeath to its successor at least as large a productive base as it inherited .
There was good news , however , in that the Stockholm summit witnessed the first signs that the EU may at last be creeping , crab-wise , toward an idea hitherto taboo : that the European Union may require an immigration policy .
What is now required is that EU leaders stop pretending that Europe 's demographic ageing can be solved by more internal labor mobility .
No one has any idea how to run a Union of 25 or more member states -- not even in terms of basic logistics , starting with the geometric escalation in translation requirements .
That would certainly be progress on the European side compared with what we have now , and would require much closer foreign policy cooperation within Europe than Britain , France , or Germany seem prepared to consider .
A majority decision requires 50 % of the member states , about 72 % of their weighted votes , and 62 % of the EU 's total population .
Member states would each have one vote , and a majority decision would require 50 % of the member states and 60 % of the population of the EU .
Moreover , they argue that the cost of any increase in required equity capital would simply be passed on to borrowers in the form of higher interest rates , bringing economic growth to a grinding halt .
The impact would be to require a bank carrying out retail activities in the UK to put them in a separately capitalized subsidiary .
The capital requirements attached to that subsidiary would be more burdensome , with minimum Tier One capital set at 10 % , compared to the new Basel 3 standard of 7 % .
Such a requirement would impose costs on universal banks by constraining their ability to transfer capital within the group .
Of course , regulators can not easily require all banks to be `` well-run '' in Bagehot 's sense .
So banks require capital as a backstop .
Even if , at heart , they take the Bagehot view , all bankers recognize that market confidence requires them to demonstrate a more solid capital base to attract wholesale funding , as well as to satisfy the stricter demands of regulators .
But a wide gap has opened up between the financial authorities and the banks on the costs and benefits of the much higher requirements now demanded by Basel .
Basel 3 , the Basel Committee 's new global regulatory standard on banks ' capital adequacy and liquidity , will more or less double the equity requirements , and will impose extra costs on banks deemed `` too big to fail . ''
In sharp contrast , the Institute of International Finance , the leading trade association for the world 's top banks , believes that the impact of higher capital requirements could be far stronger .
Regulators take the view that the impact of higher capital requirements on the cost of credit to borrowers will be modest , as the overall cost of funds to banks will not rise much .
Moreover , the banks assume that they will need to hold more capital than regulators ostensibly require in order to maintain a margin of safety .
Politicians and regulators are exploring a number of options , from higher tax rates , through fines for certain types of bonus arrangements , to variable capital requirements .
A new `` social contract '' between finance and the people , through their governments , is required .
In its proposed reforms of the regulatory system , the Obama administration plans to give the Fed more of these powers . That has inevitably strengthened the hands of those who argue that more power requires more accountability .
LONDON -- Even after the passage of new financial regulations in the United States , the Dodd-Frank Act , and the publication of the Basel Committee 's new capital requirements , the financial sector 's prospects over the next few years remain highly uncertain .
Indeed , the Basel Committee plans to require more capital in the future , though the new requirements will be delayed , owing to concerns about the cost and availability of credit to sustain the recovery .
It was accepted that maintaining exchange controls required a high level of foreign reserves .
We could easily be `` stimulating '' and `` rescuing '' the economy for a rather long time , in ways that only delay the needed adjustment , before we are finally forced to allow the required creative destruction to occur .
In order to enter into force around the world before 2013 , the Copenhagen agreement must meet the political requirements of all participating countries .
By 1982 , the situation had deteriorated to the point that the `` social partners '' in the Dutch tripartite system -LRB- government , business , and trade unions -RRB- concluded that combating the crisis required a break with the past .
While Brazil 's registered unemployment rate is not very high by regional standards , its fast growing labor force requires a high rate of job creation .
To reintegrate these fighters into the productive economy will require a change in policies , including a rapid reactivation of rural development schemes and the promotion of local entrepreneurship , public works , and other legal activities .
This requires reasonable projections for domestic tax revenue and aid , as well as the right mix of foreign expertise to support the process .
Too much specificity on some variables and too much vagueness with regard to others required a renegotiation of the arms-for-land agreement in El Salvador to make it implementable .
To succeed , the transition to peace requires demobilization , disarmament and reintegration of former combatants , as well as reconstruction and rehabilitation of services and infrastructure .
But , in addition to the right legal and regulatory framework to ensure appropriate links to the national economy -- which is also lacking in most of the region -- the search for desirable investors requires an effective foreign investment promotion agency .
As Padraic White , a pioneer in this field who headed the Irish Industrial Development Agency -LRB- IDA-Ireland -RRB- from 1980 to 1990 argues , FDI promotion requires imagination and the ability to think innovatively .
The executive director should put together a team of analysts located in critical locations abroad and able to conduct business intelligence . This requires investigation of markets and trends , and identification of specific firms that would be desirable for the clusters or niches that the country wants to promote .
Both crises require policymaking that departs from `` business as usual . ''
Recovering from both crises will require effective economic reconstruction to create jobs .
This requires careful planning , bold and innovative solutions for inducing the Taliban to give up their arms , and a commitment to `` stay the course '' with the right policies , possibly for many years .
But reintegration will require a carrot-and-stick approach .
In the case of Afghanistan , it may also require a sharp reduction in Taliban financing from drug-related activities , as well as targeted military operations to destroy insurgency hideouts in both Afghanistan and Pakistan .
The reform 's centerpiece is a requirement imposed by the government that people choose responsibly and provide themselves with insurance -- albeit with the government willing to subsidize the poor and strengthen the bargaining power of the weak .
It might require significant time to retrain construction workers and plug them into social networks in which they become good manufacturing workers .
And the IMF went from issuing warnings to calling our Budget ` essential ' Now we must implement some of the key decisions required by that Budget .
Investors outside the US can see the magnitude of the trade deficit , calculate the likely decline in the dollar required to eliminate it , and recognize that the interest rate and equity return differentials from investing in the US are insufficient to compensate for the risk that next month will be when capital inflows into America start to fall .
That 0.5 % is all that is left for job growth , because that 's all the job growth required to meet demand given the remarkably strong rate of growth of productivity .
Angell puzzled over how pre-WWI pan-German politicians could believe that German prosperity required a big battle fleet when the absence of one made no difference to the prosperity of Norway , Denmark , or Holland .
The arguments for low interest rates seem to me to require a degree of government competence that is unlikely , given political parties ' current positions and the existing structure of the institutions that make fiscal policy .
The second historical rule of thumb is that currencies on the decline tend to overshoot : near the bottom , international currency speculators require a substantial risk premium out of the fear that the currency crash might trigger something even worse .
Yet there is a sense that progress and understanding will require something new -- an economics of virtuous circles , thresholds , and butterfly effects , in which small changes have very large effects .
A global savings glut would suggest that rebalancing the world economy requires policies to boost America 's savings rate and to increase non-US households ' consumption .
On the other hand , because it required significant and expensive short-run cuts in emissions by industrial countries , it threatened to impose large immediate costs on the American , European , and Japanese economies .
And the only way for the trade deficit to shrink substantially is for net imports to fall , which requires either a relatively sharp decline in the value of the dollar , thereby raising import prices , or a depression in the US .
Keynes , in his General Theory of Employment , Interest and Money , set out the framework that nearly all macroeconomists use today . That framework is based on spending and demand , the determinants of the components of spending , the liquidity-preference theory of short-run interest rates , and the requirement that government make strategic but powerful interventions in the economy to keep it on an even keel and avoid extremes of depression and manic excess .
Answering that question requires that we first answer another question : `` Compared to what ? ''
But alternatives that would have made the South richer at the price of reducing the wealth of the North would require a wholesale revolution in human psychology .
In the United States , the average earnings premium received by those with four-year college degrees over those with no college has gone from 30 % to 90 % over the past three decades , as the economy 's skill requirements have outstripped the educational system 's ability to meet them .
Because the required skills acquired through formal education have become relatively scarcer , the education premium has risen , underpinning a more uneven distribution of income and wealth .
For Wolf , the solution is to require that such bankers receive their pay in installments over the decade after which they have done their work .
For Smith and his successors over the first 175 years , any episode of sustained economic growth overwhelmingly required investment capital .
But all of this would require extraordinary patience on the part of the Workers ' Party and its supporters , whose hopes must be deferred as immediate priority is given to appeasing the bond market .
But that required , at some point , allowing some bank to fail , and persuading some debt holders and counterparties that the government guarantee of support to institutions that were too big to fail was not certain .
To do anything that requires legislative action , the Obama administration needs Voinovich and the 59 other senators who are more inclined to support it .
Doing more would require a legislative coalition that is not there yet .
North Korea 's regime will require demonstrable evidence that a secure , prosperous , non-nuclear development model is available to it before it abandons its nuclear program .
For in order to bring an end to the division of Cyprus respect for the rule of law is necessary , and this requires that the two ex-cofounders of the Republic are treated as equals .
Most importantly , European statesmen , who know in their hearts what is required , must show the courage and the wisdom to lead .
The requirement that evictions take place only for a valid `` public purpose , '' with fair compensation , and following consultation of those affected , is honored more in the breach than in the observance .
But what is required is to insist that governments comply fully with their human rights obligations , including the right to food , the right of all peoples to freely dispose of their natural wealth and resources , and the right not to be deprived of the means of subsistence .
The promotion of large-scale land investment is based on the belief that combating hunger requires boosting food production , and that supply has been lagging because of a lack of investment in agriculture .
To re-launch agriculture in the developing world would require an estimated $ 30 billion per year , representing 0.05 % of global GDP .
The commitment to European integration requires a common vernacular , and that is English .
Moreover , anything beyond that traditional conception of space required a considerable conceptual leap , while the cosmological term made no measurable difference to other predictions .
Ending this conflict will require political adroitness as well as continued military firmness .
On the most basic level , it will almost certainly require security guarantees for the Tigers ' leaders .
 Reinforce anti-terrorist cooperation . The fight against terrorism , which requires short-term successes , must be differentiated from the long-term process of reform .
Indeed , the main lesson of recent years is that their own security requires that they support democratic openings elsewhere .
Of course , the logic behind calls to restrict our freedoms has a simplistic appeal : extremists use our freedoms to commit their crimes , so preventing the abuse of freedom requires curtailing freedom 's scope .
Europe 's response to terror requires , first and foremost , strengthening its intelligence services so that they can detect and dismantle terrorist cells while respecting basic rights and due process .
It also requires greater coordination among all the European Union 's member states and their allies and partners .
In 2006 , for example , the NDRC produced a list of plants that were required to cease operations by the end of the following year .
Formulating policies that enable generic competition with the branded pharmaceutical industry will require creative measures that emphasise the imperative of maximizing public health .
It took a long time for people to notice that women 's eggs were required in large quantities for stem cell technologies : a phenomenon I call `` the lady vanishes . ''
A great deal of preparatory work will be required first .
Such an approach will require that each side exercise broad restraint and live with the ambiguity of working with a strong adversary to manage profound differences .
Effective treatment and cure of MDR-TB requires prolonged use -LRB- typically two years -RRB- of a combination of drugs , including second-line drugs that for the most part are less potent than first-line agents , more toxic , or both .
Yet optimism is required to keep the music going .
Moreover , such a fund would require exorbitant resources to be operational , not to mention the tremendous challenges in determining a price level that would trigger its intervention .
This helps to explain why we are seeing new demands to start good-faith negotiations on nuclear disarmament , as has long been required by the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .
Yet other advances of the rule of law in nuclear disarmament will require cooperation on a global scale .
Obtaining that history requires consent from the individuals whose genomes are sequenced .
It also requires a lot of data processing to make the records usable .
In the United States , the Federal Trade Commission has announced plans to require bloggers and celebrity endorsers to disclose gifts or payments from vendors and others seeking the bloggers ' positive comments online .
To the extent that more than persuasion is required , that would be up to the president -LRB- head of government -RRB- .
-LRB- Just as we require drivers to have insurance , maybe we should require users either to buy security services from their ISP or to post some kind of bond\/insurance . -RRB-
I 'd like to lay out a simple path to addressing -LRB- not resolving -RRB- these security problems , one that does not require agreement among all governments -LRB- or people -RRB- on what really constitutes a crime , much less a global police force or unenforceable global treaties .
But there are effective approaches to each of them that do not require tracking everyone online , or requiring IDs for every interaction .
But ISPs ' costs also include warning people away from bad sites , which requires a due-process system to notify owners of compromised websites -- so that they can fix them or realize that they have been exposed .
Implementing these reforms will require political courage and vision .
But improving relations with its neighbors to the South will require making commitments at several levels .
The main weakness of Latin America 's economies is that they will be unable to generate the type of rapid and sustained growth required to create jobs and reduce inequality and poverty .
Second , they need to use their workforces efficiently , which requires modern labor legislation that encourages employment of women , the young , and senior citizens .
The vast majority of Latin America countries do not fulfill any of these requirements .
Agility , dynamism , productivity , and economic policies that promote efficiency and enterprise are required .
Completing its monetary union requires Europe to create a proper emergency financing mechanism .
It needs to establish them -- and fast -- which requires finally addressing matters that have been off-limits in the past .
Governments will be required to let the Commission vet their budgetary plans in advance .
Where national wage-bargaining systems are the obstacle , the European Commission should say so , and countries should be required to change them .
It is almost as if governments like Britain 's are attempting to manipulate the private sector into believing that the dire conditions required for an expansionary fiscal consolidation have already been met .
Anatomy of a Crisis BERKELEY -- Getting out of our current financial mess requires understanding how we got into it in the first place .
A crisis sufficient to threaten the entire financial system was required to precipitate the inevitable conglomeratization .
Having been burned by the crisis , banks have tightened their lending standards , and will now be subject to more stringent capital and liquidity requirements .
Answering this question requires understanding the reasons behind Britain 's lack of technological progressiveness .
But internal devaluation requires debt restructuring .
Again , making this work requires European countries to move together .
All of this requires leadership .
The simplest way to achieve this would be to require banks exposed to southern European debt to raise more capital .
A Marshall Plan for Greece would require European leaders to do the unprecedented : they would have to lead .
Other ideas , like moving to fiscal union , would require a fundamental revision of the EU 's founding treaties .
And issuing Eurobonds would require a degree of political consensus that will take months , if not years , to construct .
If still more money is required , the International Monetary Fund can create a special facility , using its own resources and matching funds put up by Asian governments and sovereign wealth funds .
And they must give the ECB the political cover that it needs to do what is required to preserve the system .
Overcoming that advantage now would require someone to act as market-maker for private as well as official transactions and subsidize the market in its start-up phase .
Transforming the SDR into a true international currency would require surmounting other obstacles .
Preventing future crises similar to this one therefore requires resolving the problem of global imbalances .
Disbursing more than 20 % of the credits available to a country still requires that it first reach an agreement with the IMF , and 20 % of a country 's entitlement is actually less than it contributes to the pool .
Delinking the CMIM from the IMF will require Asian countries to undertake hard-hitting reviews of one another 's policies and to demand difficult policy adjustments .
But making this vision a reality requires further bold thinking .
In fact , where structural weaknesses are the source of problems , the Fund should still require structural adjustment as the price of its assistance .
But the STLF still requires a burdensome application process , which only Mexico , Colombia , and Poland have been willing to endure .
If stop-gap measures are required during the transition , the Fund must provide leadership there as well .
Doing enough would require reducing annual budget deficits by 0.5 % of GDP every year during the coming decade just to improve the sustainability of government debt on average .
For others , like the US , future sacrifices are already required , most likely through a combination of higher inflation , austerity , and `` financial repression , '' as governments seek to impose on savers negative real rates of return .
Both would have to answer a lot of difficult questions and convince others that they are able to live up to NATO 's democratic requirements before being allowed to join .
But the international community must hold the FRY to the same high standards for inclusion in intergovernmental structures that have been rightly required of Croatia and Bosnia since 1996 .
This could have incited a complicated situation where Russians were faced with tough visa requirements when traveling between Kaliningrad and Russia proper .
But playing politics by Putin 's rules requires scores of hired professionals , the so-called `` political technologists . ''
The more positive argument -- as Rabin would certainly have understood -- is that it is overwhelmingly in Israel 's own interest to defuse this issue by accepting , once and for all , that Palestinian statehood is an indispensable requirement of its own long-term peace and security .
The international community requires real confidence that there would be enough lead time -- 12 months or so -- in which to respond to any evidence of real intent to move to weaponization .
Sanctions , embargoes , and diplomatic isolation are the absolute minimum in terms of what is required .
But nuance is exactly what is required .
Leaks of this kind will reinforce the bureaucratic barriers that must be removed if policymaking and implementation are to be effective in all areas that require input , coordination , and common information and analysis across departments and agencies .
Moreover , although China 's `` trade dependency '' is now reckoned to be 70 % of GDP , that figure is greatly distorted by the fact that Chinese exports require massive imports of materials and parts .
That said , the ratio of capital formation does require careful monitoring .
Spurring faster growth of small - and medium-size enterprises through relatively high investment in physical assets and R&D programs , improved infrastructure , and more rapid urbanization , all of which require a lot of savings to invest , is vital .
BEIJING -- Not long after the United States Federal Reserve Board announced its second round of `` quantitative easing '' -LRB- known as QE2 -RRB- , the People 's Bank of China -LRB- PBC -RRB- , China 's central bank , announced two increases of 0.5 percentage points in the required reserve ratio -LRB- RRR -RRB- of bank deposits .
First , unlike in some other countries , Chinese commercial banks are paid reasonable interest rates on required reserves , except for the `` extra reserves '' that they hold .
The plan may also require city governments to increase the provision of public goods -- including education , health care , and a minimum level of income protection -- to non-hukou regular residents .
But this requires careful preparation , adjustment and management .
But clear price signals are not enough , as a low-carbon future requires major breakthroughs in technology development and deployment .
It appears to be a statement of the obvious : unacceptable disasters require extraordinary counter-measures .
Developing an environmentally friendly agriculture for a hot and crowded planet will require the most advanced agricultural methods available , including GM techniques .
That uniform individual cost incentive allows total CO2 to be reduced at a lower total cost than would be achieved by a variety of administrative requirements , such as automobile mileage standards , production technology standards -LRB- e.g. , minimum renewable fuel inputs in electricity generation -RRB- , etc. .
In a cap-and-trade system , the government sets total allowable national emissions of CO2 per year and requires any firm that causes CO2 emissions to have a permit per ton of CO2 emitted .
Since reducing the trade deficit requires increasing exports and shrinking imports , the international value of the dollar must decline to make US products more attractive to foreign buyers and US goods and services more attractive to American consumers .
This brings me to the third , and most fundamental , factor that is likely to cause the euro to strengthen substantially from its current level : global economic conditions require the eurozone to have a substantial trade and current-account deficit so that it becomes a large net importer of funds from the rest of the world .
And that will require a less competitive euro -- higher relative to the dollar and other currencies .
But to bring the debt-to-GDP ratio to the 60 % level prescribed by the Maastricht Treaty would require reducing the annual budget deficit to just 3 % of GDP -- the goal that the eurozone 's finance ministers have said that Greece must achieve by 2012 .
But , while inflation is very likely to remain low for the next few years , I am puzzled that bond prices show that investors apparently expect inflation to remain low for ten years and beyond , and that they also do not require higher interest rates as compensation for the risk that the fiscal deficit will cause real interest rates to rise in the future .
And , while the law mandates the Fed to ensure sustainable growth as well as low inflation , monetary officials recognize that sustainable growth requires price stability .
Instead , the US stresses to foreign governments that an effective global trading system requires not only the removal of formal trade barriers , but also the absence of policies aimed at causing currency values that promote large trade surpluses .
That , in turn , avoids triggering requirements of more bank capital .
Eliminating or reducing this trade gap without depressing economic activity and employment in Greece requires that the country export more and import less .
That , in turn , requires making Greek goods and services more competitive relative to those of the country 's trading partners .
Making room for increased consumer spending requires reducing the level of exports by allowing the currency to appreciate .
Experts say another 15 % decline is required just to return to the pre-bubble price path .
Most experts believe that limiting the rise in debt will require slowing the growth of these `` entitlement '' programs and increasing taxes as a share of GDP .
The public pension system is unreliable , there is little health insurance available to pay for the high cost of Western-style care , parents must pay tuition for their children 's schooling , there is little credit available for purchases of consumer durable , and buying an apartment requires a large down-payment .
I believe that the government will act on all of these reasons for high saving , making credit more widely available , introducing a health insurance system , and relaxing some of the down-payment requirements .
This requires coordinating policing and health programs within a coherent policy framework , investing in research and public education on drug policy , opening new programs to independent review , and standing up to ideological criticism , both domestic and international , with evidence and pragmatism .
In this confrontation , international credibility and legitimacy will be the deciding factors , and ensuring them will require far-sighted and cool , calculated American leadership .
What is now required is the will to adopt and implement Ahtisaari 's plan .
A strong and stable Kosovo will require a cohesive and united Europe .
Serbia has a bright future with the EU , but getting there requires that it break with its own past -- on both Kosovo and the atrocities of the Milosevic era .
But this also will require successful political modernization , which means nothing less than constraining the power of the center . The most important aspect of this will be to secure real judicial independence .
What this requires is a sustainable consensus that includes all the parties involved .
This will require a regional consensus that only the US can bring about .
Doing away with this illusion requires the creation of a global emissions market -- still a very distant goal .
It also requires more energy efficiency , which means a reduction of waste in both energy production and consumption .
Finally , it requires a technological and politico-economic breakthrough in favor of renewable energy , rather than a return to nuclear power or coal .
A regular mutual presence of the Secretary General of NATO and of the head of EU foreign policy in the councils of both organizations does n't require much time and effort .
No such US-EU consultations would require any new agreements , so they could start without any further preliminaries .
This means that in emerging nuclear countries only one single political decision is required to `` weaponize '' a nuclear program .
Solving this problem will require the internationalization of access to civilian nuclear technology , along with filling the security gap under the existing NPT and substantially more far-reaching monitoring of all states that want to be part of such a system .
This requires several measures :
To make regional peace and stability possible , however , the region 's very young and rapidly increasing populations require an economic perspective that makes their participation in globalization possible -- in a dignified manner and grounded in their own culture and history .
So the question is simply whether the threat emanating from Russia is so grave that this kind of strategic reorientation on the part of the West is required ?
But this would require a Western policy based on long-term thinking and a self-confident and strong power position , because the Kremlin will perceive any sign of division and weakness as encouragement to return to Great Russian power politics .
For that reason , Europe now requires leadership not from a weak EU Commission or from any other European institutions , but from the capitals of its major member countries .
So it is right to take the risks that change requires .
From now on , she will require a trait that she has lacked so far : leadership and decision-making skills .
Moreover , the final decision on such a bailout will require , as before , unanimity in European bodies , meaning it will remain under German control .
Judging the prospects of deterring Iran from becoming a nuclear power through sanctions and diplomatic isolation requires a closer analysis of the situation in the region between the Indus Valley and the Mediterranean .
Domestically , China will be the first country that , due to its sheer size and required GDP growth , is forced to pursue a `` green '' economy .
Otherwise , they would recognize that the financial crisis has long become a political crisis threatening the EU 's very existence , and thus that a permanent crisis-resolution mechanism for debt-distressed members , while clearly needed , requires a permanent political crisis-resolution mechanism in order to succeed .
Genuine eurozone stability presupposes macroeconomic alignment , which in turn requires the political integration of a well-functioning economic union .
What the eurozone needs now is n't a repetition of Maastricht , but a kind of Schmidt\/Giscard 2.0 . This kind of initiative requires the support of Germany and France , because the crisis can not be resolved without them .
Both countries together , however , must inaugurate the step towards economic union , which requires that both governments actually want that .
What is urgently required now are genuine statesmen and stateswomen .
What the EU is facing in the Mediterranean is n't primarily a currency problem ; first and foremost , it is a strategic problem -- one that requires solutions urgently .
Part of this initiative must be to provide , as a corollary to new disarmament requirements and control mechanisms , the assurance of non-discriminatory access to nuclear know-how , research , and technology .
This will require an international institutional solution to the problem of enrichment , with participation in the enrichment process entailing new obligations , above all , the willingness to assure transparency through verification and intensive inspections .
There is , however , little indication that Israel 's government has the vision required for such an undertaking .
These tasks call for largesse , both financial and otherwise -LRB- opportunities to travel , for example , were of vital importance in locking in the democratic aspirations of East Europeans after 1989 -RRB- , and they require decades , not years , of persistence .
From here , then , all that is required to become a nuclear power are a few small technical steps and political leaders ' decision to take them .
This political power , not the requirements of energy policy , is what makes giving up nuclear energy so difficult .
Any chance to make this work would have required overhauling the financial system early in 2009 , but that opportunity was largely wasted .
Resolving this crisis requires more Europe and more integration , not less .
What is required , therefore , is an open bilateral French-German dialogue about a comprehensive realignment of the monetary union .
To be successful , this strategy also requires a realistic threat of isolation of those who continue to undermine regional stability , as well as substantial progress in the Arab-Israeli conflict .
To tackle global food security successfully , we must change the way we treat rural development , which requires adopting a much more bottom-up approach .
Governments really have no choice : they must take responsibility and exercise power , even if it requires swimming against the tide of public opinion -- and especially if it can help alleviate the social suffering brought on by the crisis .
The European Commission is weary of trying to build a single energy market , which has required it to persuade governments that they must dismantle their existing monopoly operators -- a prerequisite to competition .
Above all , the EU requires cooperation .
Citizens know by experience that democracy does not consist in universal suffrage alone , but also requires a public sphere that is equally open to all .
A rate cut also may be required to restore confidence .
Such radical changes would require the consent of all eurozone countries . And the Bundestag -LRB- not Standard and Poor 's -RRB- would have to be happy .
So , one requirement of treason , virtually everywhere , is that only citizens and permanent residents of a country can commit treason .
If you examine the statute in force today you will be struck by the apparent absence of the citizenship requirement .
From the English King , to the American republic , to the Russian motherland , to the German constitution , the object of required loyalty is constantly changing .
This brings into focus the second requirement of self-defense . Evidence of aggressive design must be public and visible to all .
If the requirements of reciprocity and publicity are applied to the current plans to invade Iraq , the implications are clear .
Behind the phenomenon , the nagging question remains : why is terrorism different , why does it require a special definition , why are we more afraid of this form of violence than other criminal acts ?
It is now clear that avoiding catastrophic climate change requires dramatic and rapid reductions in greenhouse-gas emissions , cuts that would lower annual emissions to 80 % below 1990 levels by 2050 .
But the message is clear : when domestic economies require stabilization , SWFs will shift their focus to domestic investments .
Wilson 's colleague , Eric Ponder , was even more pointed , saying that what is required `` is more measurement and less theory . ''
I would favor articulation of the principle that the necessary concrete steps toward long-term fiscal consolidation in advanced countries -- such as raising the retirement age or taking other steps today to reform public pensions -- need not require premature withdrawal of current fiscal stimulus ;
Another disadvantage of derivatives is that they require a high degree of sophistication -- both technical and political .
But there is an iron clad requirement for coordination to be genuinely effective : both central banks must see prevailing exchange rates as being in conflict with their domestic policy objectives and share the view that intervention can have a sustainable impact on the exchange rate .
Moreover , although the European Commission clearly has a duty to prevent mismanagement and fraud , every application for EU funding requires extremely onerous procedures .
Containing systemic risks , therefore , requires not just ensuring transparency and managing leverage in the system , but also recognizing that these risks vary along with asset values . If institutions that were heavily exposed had understood this , they would have raised their capital buffers during the run-up in housing and equity prices in order to protect themselves against the inevitable reversals .
Indeed , because standard measures of the probability of default fall when the economy is doing well and rise when it is not , capital requirements based on these measures tend to be pro-cyclical .
The G-20 has now called for revising the Basel II standards so that capital requirements become countercyclical , and Spain 's experience with such requirements suggests that doing so is a step in the right direction .
As a result , not only are countercyclical measures needed , but banks ' capital requirements should vary inversely with the boom-and-bust fluctuations in the asset markets to which they are heavily exposed .
One possible measure is to announce `` guidance ranges '' for asset prices , with targeted variations of margin and capital requirements , not to eliminate , but to help damp down movements outside these ranges .
Democratic transitions need to be driven by societies that want democracy , and since the latter requires institutions , it is usually a fairly long and drawn out process .
It requires an increasingly controversial assumption : all human beings - whatever their achievements , competences , status , or health - are equally significant members of society , whose strength ultimately lies in what they can do together .
His was a genuine case in which intellectual work was given a fair trial in the proverbial `` court of public opinion '' and required no further oversight .
An adequate assessment of this capacity requires looking at its multiplier effects .
From a strictly economic standpoint , academic freedom requires relative immunity to costs , whether stemming from trial-and-error experimentation or from more radical challenges to the status quo .
But the financial crisis has shown that a twenty-first-century market economy requires government participation to function .
It starts with an idea and requires a wide range of skills to bring that idea to fruition : synthesis or extraction of more or less complicated molecules , proof of their therapeutic effect in cell cultures and animals , testing for toxicity , and clinical studies .
Unfortunately , this is not required by current legislation in Europe , where only quality , efficacy , and safety must be demonstrated , without any need for comparative studies .
Second , improvement of drug development requires more transparency from the regulatory bodies .
Third , better conditions for the approval of new drugs should be matched by better use of drugs , which requires better information for prescribers .
The CCAMLR should also apply to krill fishing the same monitoring , control , and surveillance measures that it requires for all other fisheries .
Designing therapies to sustain a stable tumor mass rather than eradicate all cancer cells will require a strategy that looks beyond the immediate cytotoxic effects of any one treatment .
The G-20 was also adamant in 2009 that future stability required a new global financial regime .
Today 's epidemic of youth unemployment , in particular , requires new approaches -- a development bank , for example , to help employ the bulging youth population in the Middle East and North Africa , and training and apprenticeship programs elsewhere .
So it is difficult to see how this path could lead to the collective and individual identity that European unification requires .
Nor do the current rules ensure the effective functioning of the Union 's institutions , as they exist now , while drafting a new constitutional treaty would probably require even more time than was needed for the current proposal .
This phase culminated with the collapse of communism in 1989 , but the chance to overcome the Continent 's historical divisions now required a redefinition of the European project .
Drafting a new constitutional treaty would probably require even more time than was needed for the current proposal , and it is also unlikely that the necessary changes could be introduced through an intergovernmental conference .
The only viable course , then , is to use today 's `` pause for reflection '' to revive the existing Constitutional Treaty . This would require prolonging the ratification deadline until 2008 .
It also requires specifying a common date for ratification -LRB- through simultaneous referenda or parliamentary votes -RRB- for all countries that have not yet done so , including France and the Netherlands .
This task requires time , patience , hard work , and luck .
In Jordan , reform will require rebalancing the country 's social fabric , with Palestinian Jordanians given greater freedom to contribute politically in meaningful ways .
Tackling these challenges requires a clear understanding of how economic opportunities can be broadened to ensure faster poverty reduction , promote human development , and stimulate gender-inclusive growth .
The euro also hit hard at those politicians who had discovered that inflation is an attractive form of taxation since it does not require a vote in Parliament .
And , after a review of the Rwanda debacle , 400 NGOs and UN organizations working in 80 countries got together in the Sphere Project to develop a common humanitarian mandate and handbook of standards outlining the minimum performance required of any NGO working in a disaster zone .
Underscoring his real agenda , he adds that , `` No radical revision of the fundamental principles governing the operation of the armed forces is required . ''
High-ranking diplomats understand that their way of thinking requires one sort of diplomacy , and that a foreign policy focused on realizing Russia 's economic potential requires quite another .
But it is individual training and the ability to make split-second decisions in a fluid situation that are required in anti-terrorist operations .
Confronting them effectively will require root-and-branch change in order to inspire Russian security officials to take the initiative .
But fighting terrorists requires an entirely different kind of spying from `` uncovering '' traditional `` spies , '' or neutralizing unpopular oligarchs such as Mikhail Khodorkovsky .
An independent monetary policy requires a flexible exchange rate , not a revaluation .
The remaining options are said to fall into three groups : `` grand scientific quandaries '' -LRB- such as uniting gravity and electricity into one theory -RRB- which require a huge investment and first world infrastructure ; `` data collection , '' which is the field work associated with archeological digs and biological\/genetic surveys ; and `` science-informed problems , '' such as combating AIDS or addressing global warming .
Others think that a whole new approach is required .
Foreigners are often mystified as to why such a minimalist event can require years of training .
Indeed , the catastrophes in Japan might finally achieve what decades of conflict in the Middle East have not : compel governments to invest in the research required to develop viable energy alternatives .
Although invention was required , existing scientific methods were used .
Such a paradigm shift requires an Apollo-scale investment , but in basic science .
Getting them will probably require a large , collaborative effort focused on theoretical science .
As the dramatic shrinkage of the Aral Sea , Lake Chad , and the Dead Sea illustrate , it now requires preserving scarce natural resources and ensuring their equitable distribution among conflicting needs .
Responsible use will require adequate economic incentives .
Addressing climate change demands a paradigm shift on a scale akin to that required to end the Cold War .
Leaders must be honest about the scale of the challenge and recognize that a systemic and transformational change , not incremental gestures , is required .
This requires emission reductions of 45-50 % in industrialized countries by 2020 , and almost complete de-carbonization by 2050 , not the levels of 15-25 % by 2020 and 60-80 % by 2050 that are now on the table .
The decisions to appoint , rather than elect , regional governors , to introduce party-list voting , to raise the electoral threshold for parties to enter the Duma , and to repeal the minimum-turnout requirement -- all accompanied by rampant manipulation of elections and the mass media -- created a political system closed to feedback from society .
We have approached the point when the constitutional requirement of universal , free education may become a fiction .
The nuclear powers should adhere to the requirements of the 1968 Non-Proliferation Treaty and resume `` good faith '' negotiations for disarmament .
This will also require that the 2002 Global Partnership , dedicated to securing and eliminating all weapons of mass destruction -- nuclear , chemical , and biological -- is renewed and expanded when it convenes next year in the US .
Much of the high tax burden required to finance them falls on companies in the form of payroll taxes -LRB- employers ' social security contributions -RRB- , which further deter companies from taking on more staff .
Instead of proposing reforms to the electorate and then implementing them on the strength of a clear democratic mandate , the few serious reforms in the past 20 years have been presented as being externally imposed -- mainly to comply with European Union requirements .
Breaking the impasse requires restoring political legitimacy by electing a president who , having promised reform , gains a mandate to deliver it .
Legitimacy and stability are inseparable in practice , because maintaining stability in the absence of legitimacy would ultimately require Tiananmen-style repression .
According to the World Bank , developing countries spend an average of 3-4 % of GDP on infrastructure every year , compared to an estimated 7 % of GDP required to meet existing infrastructure needs for maintaining rapid growth . This translates into an annual gap of at least $ 300 billion at current prices .
Obviously , more detailed calculations and analyses are required , along with discussions with governments , existing institutions , rating agencies , and other stakeholders .
This will require greater transparency in monetary and fiscal policy , timely publication of data , readiness to be assessed by the IMF , more open public administration , and rooting out corruption .
A longer-term view is required , because the US is facing a structural-adjustment challenge that will be accompanied by high unemployment .
The structural shift towards exports will be difficult and time-consuming mainly because producing the high-tech goods that the US should be exporting requires a skilled workforce , which has largely been lost and can not be re-created overnight .
During the bubble years , the situation was exactly the opposite : most of the workers released by a rapidly shrinking manufacturing sector could be employed easily in construction and social services , which require only low skills -LRB- likewise , real-estate services demand only rather general skills -RRB- .
Post-bubble economies thus face a fundamental mismatch between the skills available in the existing work force and the requirements of a modern export-oriented manufacturing sector .
The US must choose between job creation , which requires a more competitive exchange rate , and cheap financing of its external and fiscal deficits .
But it is a risky proposition : if investors exit nonetheless , the required funds might be so large that creditor countries ' taxpayers ' revolt .
Nevertheless , the crisis poses an almost existential challenge to the European Union -- and has required such huge sums -- because it directly implicates the key underlying principle of European governance : the nature of the state .
But the larger geo-strategic questions , such as the EU 's relations with Russia and its links to NATO , require the attention of a larger leadership team , including Eastern European countries .
France and Germany , along with the other EU states , must bear in mind that the Lisbon Treaty is , in effect , a European constitution , framed to lead the Union into the twenty-first century , and that its success requires broader leadership .
But it will require global monetary reform of a fundamental order to right the imbalances between surplus and deficit countries , between happy savers and those who lived beyond their means , and between rich and poor .
Displaced farmers and workers must be provided with the education and training required to enter new jobs , as well as the funds , health care , and other essential services that they need to tide them through the transition .
Governments agree to accept the rulings of the World Trade Organization because on balance they benefit from an international trading order even if a particular decision requires that they alter a practice that is their sovereign right to carry out .
Building a true democracy -LRB- as opposed to simply holding elections -RRB- is an enterprise that requires decades or even generations .
Japan , for its part , needs to continue to open and reform its economy , improve its military , and make its forces available for the sort of low-intensity but manpower-intensive missions , ranging from genocide prevention to nation-building to peacekeeping , that are increasingly required in the greater Middle East and Africa .
Doing so would require significant investment , which in turn would require international confidence in Iraq 's future stability .
This means extending diplomatic recognition , including opening and maintaining embassies . It also requires providing financial help , ranging from debt forgiveness to investment , loans , and other forms of aid .
This requires improved security , inflows of aid and investment , and the curtailment of land expropriations that deny the promise of statehood .
Israelis require and also deserve improved security .
More importantly , governments must find ways to integrate alienated young men and women into their societies , which requires greater political freedom and economic opportunity .
In a globalized world , global challenges largely require global responses , which are impossible if a country of China 's size and population and wealth does not participate .
Stopping the spread of nuclear weapons , promoting more efficient energy use , taking action on climate change , and maintaining an open global economy -- these and other tasks require Chinese participation , even cooperation , if globalization is not to overwhelm us all .
Convincing Russia and China to support a package of requirements , incentives , and penalties would be important .
Even he acknowledges that this will require him to delay fulfilling several other campaign promises .
Now others will find that the alternative to America going it alone or withdrawing from the global scene is real multilateralism , which requires their willingness and ability to commit resources to deal with pressing challenges .
What is required is a policy on the part of the global community that mixes military strength with a willingness to negotiate and interact , a policy of collective strength and collective flexibility .
In short , the US requires partners if the twenty-first century is to be an era in which the majority of people around the world enjoy relative peace and satisfactory standards of living .
It is up to the US to work with China and others to do this , and this requires America 's openness to others ' preferences and their having a larger role .
Successful regime change requires a long-term commitment of military force , of civilian experts trained to build a modern society , and of money and attention -- and even then there is no assurance that the results will justify the investment .
President Barack Obama has the authority to take some small steps on his own to normalize ties , but substantial change to US policy requires Congress to act -- and Congress wants to see fundamental change in Cuba before it does so .
But averting such a crisis requires that the White House and Congress , Democrats and Republicans , agree on a plan for moving the US budget toward balance .
This will require a foreign policy that focuses on the emerging powers of the twenty-first century , many of which are in Asia .
The outside world can and should continue to provide assistance to help Pakistan acquire the strength and skills required to tackle modern-day terrorists .
Democracy requires an informed citizenry able to question its government .
Likewise , head covering for Muslim women is considered a requirement .
The Agricultural Bank will also require new capital , although the government is not yet preparing it for privatization .
The transformation in China 's banking system , coupled with the recent decision to revalue China 's currency , will require major changes in the conduct of monetary policy .
Indeed , the scale of any increase in marijuana use will critically depend on how tightly regulated marijuana sales are -- how many licensed growers there are , the number of sales outlets , their locations and trading hours , eligibility requirements for use , content of THC -LRB- marijuana 's psychoactive ingredient -RRB- , and how much promotion and advertising is allowed .
The UN 's Resolution 1441 requires Iraqi disarmament in terms of actual weapons of mass destruction and the ability to make them .
But Blix dismissed this as `` not a serious problem , '' and did not require Iraq to produce the poisons to be used to arm the warheads .
Healthy politics requires that common men and women are not taken for granted .
The solution , say advocates of this theory , requires countries to improve regulation and supervision of their financial systems and float their currencies , and for the international community to pull the plug on financial assistance .
It is my profound conviction that Russia does not deserve that we behave towards it as we would towards a leper , an invalid or a child who requires special treatment and whose whims , no matter how dangerous , must be understood and tolerated .
Conflict resolution , if it is to be successful , requires channeling the energy generated by conflict toward constructive and nonviolent alternatives .
We are convinced that there are moments when exemplary civic engagement , such as Liu 's , requires an exemplary response .
Indeed , to cooperate in this way will require the emergence of a new global civil society , whose foundation can be built only with the type of international solidarity that Japan needs now .
Prince Muhammad has also established a rehabilitation program that seeks to de-program the jihadis from their radical beliefs through a course of study that teaches that Islam requires obedience to a Muslim ruler .
In our research , we exploit this requirement to specifically target the BRCA1 or BRCA2-defective cancer cells with inhibitors of PARP .
But it is this relationship that makes the Moon Illusion such a puzzle , because applying the SDIH requires that the moon appear farther away if it appears large , and close if it appears small .
A country that makes progress on human rights and commits to the change of behavior required to meet these international standards can also make a decisive turn toward a better future .
These are absolute necessities for democratic success , but they require longer-term development of institutional capacity .
We had anticipated this moment and agreed in advance that , while we would never ask to meet with Karadzic and Mladic , if Milosevic offered such a meeting , we would accept -- but only once , and only under strict guidelines that would require Milosevic to be responsible for their behavior .
In conflict situations , preventing displacement primarily requires political will .
States that are not involved in the conflict are also required to uphold the rights of the displaced , including the right to return to their homes wherever possible , and this must be addressed in peace agreements and enforced in peacekeeping mandates .
This requires , first of all , cozying up with China and the autocratic Gulf states -- the main lenders to the US Treasury -- as well working with Iran and Russia to limit the costs of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
A concert of powers is only as strong as its weakest pillar , and requires a great deal of self-discipline and restraint .
Almost immediately after assuming office , the new governments ordered an end to music in public transport , required public buses to stand still for the five daily prayers , and closed down video shops and cinema houses .
Fighting terror backed by radical Islam requires a sophisticated understanding of its political and economic roots .
Even more important was a decision , taken in the hope of choking off funds to extremist groups , to require all expatriate Pakistani earnings to be remitted through official banking channels .
As a result , he has become obsessed with micromanaging everything from troop movements and special events to postings and promotions , all of which require his personal stamp of approval .
So , if the world 's poor need educational messages about breastfeeding and nutrition , rich nations require a different kind of education .
One clear requirement is that tropical deforestation , which is responsible for 20 % of greenhouse gas emissions , be halted within the next decade or two .
What is required now is recognition that anthropogenic climate change will severely affect our children , grandchildren , the world 's ecosystems , and the world 's poorer communities , and that the severity of the impact can be substantially alleviated by taking action now .
China should be excused of consumer-related obligations for the time being , but assume commitments on industrial production based on the recognition that effectively reducing emissions in these sectors requires coordinated international action .
Of course there are basic requirements that all member states must accept .
But a single market does not require a single social or industrial policy , far less a common taxation policy .
But allied leaders must also act on the knowledge that NATO does not have the skills , resources , or experience to take full charge of meeting Afghanistan 's requirements for external civilian help .
This will require the EU to contribute money , manpower , and officials on the ground of the rank and stature of ISAF commanders , in an equal partnership with NATO .
That now requires supporting the EU 's deep involvement in Afghanistan as its key contribution to repairing and reforming the Atlantic Alliance .
Peace will require substantial commitment by the principal agents involved : peacekeeping troops , humanitarian assistance , re-building of infrastructure .
But when we had to modernize our tax system , we could not find the required expertise anywhere in our country .
It requires a lot of time , continuous effort , uncompromising integrity , appropriate funding and material support , and unwavering commitment .
Proposed scientific advances require careful validation and replication by independent scientists .
Meeting emissions targets in the transport sector would require , alongside reductions in car use , modest increases in walking and cycling .
A second important feature of the drafting process was the extent to which the National Assembly complied with the requirements of Iraq 's interim constitution , the Transitional Administrative Law -LRB- TAL -RRB- .
Currency appreciation , Japan argued then and China argues now , is unlikely to result in a significant current-account adjustment , which requires addressing not only China 's high savings rate , but also low savings in the US .
These traumas required responses very different from previous technological changes .
A solution required generally collaborative efforts -- of a sort that corresponded to an ancient vision of civic republicanism rather than the modern ideas of centralized power or isolated and autonomous individuals .
Initially , both cases went decisively against Microsoft , with a US ruling in 2000 that would have required the company 's break-up , although this was subsequently overturned on appeal .
The aftermath of the banking crisis requires thinking about not only the most appropriate form of banking legislation , but also the appropriate size of the state .
Monetary experts argued that an agreement on currency stabilization would be highly desirable , but that it required a prior agreement on the dismantling of trade barriers -- all the high tariffs and quotas that had been introduced in the course of the depression .
In the case of the banks that required state rescues , European competition rules are requiring divestment and downsizing .
If modern banks are too big and too dangerous because they are too vulnerable , the most obvious way to make them safer is to demand higher capital requirements .
Instead , he thought that radical unilateral action was required .
Only one German bank , the notoriously mismanaged Hypo Real Estate , which had already required massive state help , failed .
A more sophisticated approach is required .
The Franco-German initiative unveiled at Deauville in early November , which would require some possible measure of restructuring for debt issued after 2013 , tried to avoid the immediate shock of a haircut .
A long-term alternative requires some capacity to write down debt where it has reached excessive levels .
Moreover , any attempt to misrepresent requires further and more complex misrepresentations , which have serious consequences as subsequent decisions come to be based on erroneous assumptions .
Is an amendment to the EU treaty required ?
But that requires substantially greater centralization of political accountability and control than Europeans seem able to achieve today .
This approach has an important advantage : it would not require the redenomination of bank assets or liabilities .
Dependency on coffee or cocoa exports requires a build-up of precautionary reserves .
The cornerstone of control is prompt treatment using first-line drugs , which does n't require a sophisticated health system .
Unfortunately , Africa 's wars -- in Congo , Rwanda and Burundi , Liberia , Sierre Leone , and the Ivory Coast -- have not yet received the attention they require .
For example , freezers that require CFC 's can be freely exported from , say , Sweden , where they can no longer legally be refilled when required , to Egypt , where refilling is allowed .
But to squeeze cultural excellence into the group of characteristics defining `` the fittest '' is not so easy and requires some leap of faith .
If someone can do difficult things , not only carrying peacock tail feathers or a long dark lion mane , but also things that require much practice without contributing to physical fitness and survival , and yet stay alive , that individual must have especially good genes .
Reaching the top requires not only talent and luck , but also a lot of practices -- that is , time wasted from the point of view of survival .
It must be hard and require enormous effort to acquire the unique skills that mark the superstar and earn societies ' respect and admiration .
Naturally , self-awareness of this underlying wish to be sexually attractive is not required . The mechanism works all the same .
The protective suits that specially-trained people are legally required to wear in the European Union or the US when demolishing , rebuilding , or repairing any building containing asbestos underscore the risk of pulmonary fibrosis and lung cancer for Lebanese who inhale dust from bombed-out houses and offices .
China 's rulers know that in a system in which justice is absent , Liu 's efforts to speak to a higher moral calling requires only moral courage to be followed .
And Kanjorski probably is right that not much would be required . `` If just one regulator uses these extraordinary powers -LRB- to break up too-big-to-fail banks -RRB- just once , '' he says , `` it will send a powerful message , '' one that would `` significantly reform how all financial services firms behave forever more . ''
In either case , new austerity measures are needed , and Ireland will require substantial bridge financing .
Moreover , the benefits rise , because the restructuring clauses required for new debt , together with Germany 's highly visible efforts to avoid future government bailouts , raise the interest-rate spreads that weaker countries must pay today .
For example , Greece 's debt stock , including required bridge financing under the IMF program , should peak at around 150 % of GNP in 2014 ; much of this debt is external .
But a sovereign default would require a much larger bank bailout than in Greece , potentially leaving private debt almost worthless if official debt has seniority . Total haircuts do n't happen historically -- except in the wake of communist takeovers -- but it is hard to imagine that private creditors wo n't suffer huge losses in net present value .
-LRB- Indeed , her book with Ken Rogoff , This Time Is Different , should be required reading for US policymakers . -RRB-
In the period after 1998 , the United States provided almost the entire required deficit .
With the debt ceiling unchanged , this would require some legal sleight of hand .
This would require roughly another 14 % of GDP in spending cuts and revenue measures , ranking it among the largest fiscal adjustments ever attempted .
Kaufman understands that successful reform requires three ingredients : arguments that persuade , the ability to bring colleagues along , and a good deal of luck in the form of events that highlight problems at just the right time .
A major shift in the economy requires all three .
The effort requires significant investment , not least in infrastructure development in both the developed and developing world .
For example , in the US , energy efficiency measures alone can save over a trillion dollars , while driving job creation and growth in the short-term , aiding the economic recovery and providing the economic stimulus required to accelerate investment in low-carbon energy generation and use .
2 . A clear commitment to the global pricing of carbon that allows businesses to invest with confidence and at the scale required .
3 . A deal that supports , through a mixture of both public and private financing , the infrastructure required to shift to a low-carbon economy .
Alternatively , the number of working years required to qualify for a full retirement benefit can be increased .
Such policies also facilitated structural change , as older workers often lack the skills required in emerging economic sectors .
Nuclear power requires low-enriched uranium as fuel .
Raising farm productivity and income requires improved irrigation , wasteland reclamation , warehousing , marketing , transport development , and the free movement of produce within the country .
As cities continue to grow and spread across the world , reducing energy consumption and improving our quality of life require us to ensure that their inhabitants can travel relatively short distances to work
Economic Development Before the Law One of the most pervasive and apparently self-evident assumptions of development economics is that sustainable investment and growth requires the rule of law .
But this is still not enough : it is generally acknowledged that average growth rates of around 6-8 % are required if Africa is to make real headway in curtailing poverty .
A policy of expanding legitimate micro-lending schemes and prosecuting illegal loan sharks , not to mention the promotion of sustainable agricultural practices that require fewer expensive -LRB- and environmentally dangerous -RRB- inputs , would do far more to help India 's poorest farmers than this expensive and misguided measure .
Achieving these goals requires fulfilling several conditions .
Toward North Korea , on the other hand , continuity will prevail , with Abe re-emphasizing the principle that normalization of relations requires resolution of abduction cases -- some dating to the 1970 's -- involving Japanese citizens who were seized from coastal towns .
`` Preservation of the people '' requires nothing less than that our men take care of themselves so that they can take proper care of our children .
Substantial corrections will be required to the entire political agenda , which , multiplied by the astonishing ideology of building national capitalism in one country , is currently too reminiscent of the policies that led to the Soviet Union 's disintegration .
Of course , such a strategy will require highways , bridges , railways , and seaports . -LRB- There are practically no grain-export terminals in Russia 's eastern regions , for example . -RRB-
But this also requires helping those people who out of desperation have fallen prey to extremist forces .
Elections are meaningful only if they are perceived to be free and fair , which requires independent referees .
We demanded an independent judiciary , because we believed that democracy and prosperity are impossible without the rule of law , and that the rule of law requires a judiciary that can act as a constraint on the government .
Such symbiosis requires a healthy disregard for convention .
Impoverished populations desperately require lighting , fuel for cooking , affordable and accessible health care , clean water , elementary education , and financial services .
Moreover , large companies have been unable to serve these populations ' needs , because to do so would require them to reinvent their existing business models around new product , distribution , and pricing paradigms .
Surmounting these business challenges is an expensive and slow process , and new ventures require many years to become cash-positive .
The emergence of viable political parties requires a strong parliament .
At other times , like Stalin , he believes that Russia 's power requires a strong hand -- what he calls his `` dictatorship of law . ''
Unlike most other party leaders , he was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped him win support and then power later , but he also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist-Leninist gobbledygook that he was required to recite at public events .
But democracy required an election , and many now argue that the current mayor , Michael Bloomberg , has performed even better than Giuliani might have done in reviving the city .
Such demand requires a social group to promote it . ''
That requires listening as well as speaking .
Courage and conviction will be required of leaders to do what they know to be right .
PAHO and WHO estimate that an additional 350 doctors , 2,000 nurses , and 2,200 support staff will be required over the next three months .
Still others are required to educate and promote better hygiene in camps and communities .
The reason : we are there with what is required -- medical aid , sanitation , and clean water .
We can not reform this organization without the required resources .
Immediate problems require immediate responses .
Large increases in public and private expenditures will therefore be required in many regions of the world to counteract falling demand .
My own five-point plan to achieve this goal begins with a call for the NPT Parties to pursue negotiations in good faith -- as required by the treaty -- on nuclear disarmament , either through a new convention or through a series of mutually reinforcing instruments backed by a credible system of verification . Disarmament must be reliably verified .
God bestowed upon Turkey a geographical position that fundamentally requires for us to engage with East and West , North and South .
But this change can not be taken for granted and requires support from the EU and the US .
To Serbia 's credit , the Ministry made its policy decision knowing that the change would require belt-tightening elsewhere in its budget , but it took the action because it concluded that protecting human rights was more important than saving a few dinars .
To prepare for a career of care-giving , medical students and young doctors clearly require something besides scientific and technological training .
But it is wrong -- at least for now -- to think that a formal structure of alliances to contain China is needed in the way that one was required to contain the Soviet Union .
And , because the affected regions were already suffering from depopulation and rapid aging -- problems typical of much of today 's Japan -- recovery will require a new rural-development program that moves the country away from its Tokyo-centric economic model .
Some of these workers are directed by North Korea 's embassy in Teheran , which is primarily concerned with acting as a Party watchdog over fellow citizens stationed in Iran . North Korean diplomatic attaches are required to conduct weekly and monthly self-criticism sessions .
All of this will require leadership that cuts across institutional boundaries , which can be provided only by the UN and a strong-willed individual .
But turning the situation around will require changing the way the international community operates .
Genuine transatlantic cooperation will require that solutions be developed jointly , and that European leaders `` own '' the policy options .
Argentina requires a comprehensive program to demonstrate that , in addition to the ability to generate wealth that it has shown over the past eight years , it can sustain economic growth and not revert to the volatility of the past .
The Fed is not prepared to raise interest rates or tighten reserve requirements to restrain economic overheating in Shanghai .
But the precision experiments required to measure the strong force can be designed and built with known technology .
The unwillingness of frustrated minorities to accept consensus may well require the ECB president to take more control of the governing board than it has been used to in the past or , indeed , feel comfortable with in the future .
Many Europeans have decided that it is better to keep their robust social welfare programs and forgo a common foreign and defense policy , which would require massive changes in the European way of life .
But it will take some time before the new migrants gain decisive political influence , and the problems of Iran and Russia for Europe require immediate attention .
Third , our world requires serious political actions .
Guarantees of minority civil and political rights would be required , as well as assurances for the preservation of Serbian Orthodox religious sites such as the Pec Monastery .
Their biggest demands -- secure jobs , faster growth , low food prices -- are not necessarily compatible , and they may require policies that inflict pain .
Breaking the sequence of Israeli assassination followed by Palestinian suicide bombing requires a change of thinking and action .
Any ceasefire agreement requires both parties to refrain from attacking the other .
The newly established Israeli government refuses even to pay lip service to the internationally accepted requirements for peace .
Israeli officials ' claims that barring the movement of people and goods is required for security reasons do not withstand scrutiny .
The coming months will reveal whether we are , indeed , witnessing the dawn of the post-Oslo era in Palestinian politics , and whether a new leader , with new supporters , will be required to revive the Palestinian cause .
The US efforts , led by Special Envoy George Mitchell , have shown clearly that the current ruling coalition in Israel is incapable of doing the minimum required for peace .
Palestinians complied with all Israeli and international requirements for security , while Binyamin Netanyahu 's Israeli government , which gives lip-service to the two-state solution , has yet to elucidate where Israel 's borders will be .
Meanwhile , the Israeli government wants to continue building settlements in occupied areas , in total violation of international law and the minimum requirements for peace detailed in the `` roadmap '' sponsored by the Quartet -LRB- the US , UN , European Union , and Russia -RRB- .
Not only did Israel 's leaders reject the world community 's requests , but they had the chutzpah to claim that they had convinced the US to drop this requirement for the resumption of talks .
Pulling away from dictators without trying to take credit for or hijack the revolt was exactly what was required .
The political moralist wants to `` hammer out morality '' in keeping with the requirements of politics construed as a cynical game . It is a label that easily applies to all the types of dishonest politicians described above .
The cost is tiny : reaching 80 % of the world 's 140 million or so undernourished children would require a commitment of around $ 60 million annually , while the economic gains would eventually clear $ 1 billion a year .
NATO expansion into the Baltics will require resolve and political will by the Alliance 's members .
Dealing with elite interests requires ingenuity .
Securing popular legitimacy requires equal dexterity , which has played an important role in preventing North African leaders and family members from openly admitting their preparations for dynastic successions .
France imposed on its banks strong transparency and reporting requirements for banking activities in tax havens , in addition to the international standard for information exchange .
He has revived the use of ideological campaigns , akin to those used during the Cultural Revolution , such as a requirement that Party members study The Collected Works of Jiang Zemin .
Unlike the Iraq operation , the planned missile defense deployment will almost certainly require approval by the Polish parliament . This approval can not be taken for granted .
Because this arrangement requires the central bank to back the entire monetary base with foreign reserves , it can not act as lender of last resort to the domestic banking sector when crisis strikes .
In other words , currency boards require the high-quality institutions whose absence provides the rationale for establishing a currency board in the first place .
A state-led developmental model in Bolivia is doomed to fail , because it requires strong institutions , universal citizenship , and the rule of law .
With a popular base that demands change -- and that knows that change requires gaining access to state-owned wealth -- social attitudes have developed that are receptive to the promises made by the caudillos .
Saving lives requires that mothers and babies in the highest-mortality countries be reached at the time of greatest risk .
In America , the requirement is usually for three years of science study , and , today , most U.S. students take science in this order : biology , chemistry , physics .
These orders of magnitude require metaphors and repetition , but they serve as crucial concepts in our world , especially in cosmology and in evolutionary biology .
Tenth-grade chemistry makes use of ninth-grade physics , deepening and enriching the student 's grasp , but no basic chemical or biological principles are required for ninth-grade physics .
While barbers , hairdressers , taxi drivers , bar owners , and doctors are often licensed , permits are rarely required to operate a tanning parlor .
Those who disdain environmental concerns have been ousted at the polls in large numbers , companies invest huge amounts in environmental technologies , states are suing car producers for their climate-adverse policies , and the requirements of the Kyoto Protocol have long been surpassed by some states -- a lesson for German and European cities and municipalities .
Breaking the Gordian knot of climate negotiations requires offering technology and financial transfers in exchange for the ability to overrun a national budget .
A responsible global climate policy thus entails a fundamental change of international relations , and making the necessary institutional innovations in global governance requires courage .
Since young Europeans would rather work in a shop than a retirement home , persuading them otherwise would require a huge wage hike .
Reviving the European dream , however , requires not just the choice of an individual .
It also argued that labeling GM foods is required in accordance with consumers ' right to make informed choices about what they eat .
Many companies world-wide recognize that success requires satisfying the three elements of sustainable development : financial , environmental , and social .
Indeed , companies often have an interest in going beyond minimum legal requirements : peer respect and a good reputation as an employer are marketable assets .
The court ruled that total guardianship was a `` disproportionate '' response in Shtukaturov 's case , and its judgment recognized the importance of supplying tailor-made alternatives for people who require temporary or long-term care .
Ensuring high-quality output and local consumers ' loyalty requires keeping their workforces happy and maintaining a positive public image .
Drawing benefits from global companies does n't always require high-level government negotiations .
NATO has been trying for years -- without success -- to get its member states to spend the required 2 % of GDP on defense .
Last April , the leader of the UK 's opposition Conservative Party , David Cameron , explained why we should establish a real operational fund for NATO expeditionary missions , with every member state required to contribute .
Consultations are currently a bilateral matter , with no rules governing how they should be conducted -- and no requirement that any final agreement on arms-export decisions be reached .
More importantly , it does not require the arms-exporting member state to consult with any other member state that might have concerns .
Travel broadens the mind , they say , but for that to happen , more is required than merely frequent changes of location .
To acquire an insight into how people from other cultures perceive the world , what is required is knowledge of how they live and experience life .
After all , economic development and sustained growth are the result of continual industrial and technological change , a process that requires collaboration between the public and private sectors .
In developed countries , most industries are advanced , which suggests that upgrading requires innovation .
WASHINGTON , DC -- At a time when the global economy is suffering from a crisis of confidence , structural imbalances , and subdued growth prospects , looking ahead ten years to predict the course of development requires careful modeling and something beyond sagacity .
Such forecasting also requires an understanding of how advanced economies are coming to grips with that shift , and how the international monetary system will adjust as a result .
In both cases , reducing corruption will require not only government pep talks against bad ethics , but also institutional reforms , including further deregulation , stronger property rights , and more privately owned assets .
Although high growth requires large-scale capital formation , the relation between investment in real capital assets and human capital in China seems to be out of proportion .
Moreover , eliminating today 's vast wastage of natural resources , which underpins exceptionally high levels of pollution , will require a reformed regulatory framework , including higher user prices for energy , raw materials , and environmental resources .
Health officials around the world should maintain their vigilance and prepare for the possibility that renewed control efforts will be required if SARS resurges .
Continued surveillance and infection control measures will be required to ensure that the accomplishments of the last few months are not undone by a few undetected cases that touch off new SARS hot spots .
So , three decades after the Cultural Revolution ended , the national self-examination that China requires has not yet begun .
As a political model , Chavism is strongly based on nationalism , so that , Bush or no Bush , its legitimacy requires a growing anti-Americanism .
Any realistic agenda for change in Cuba inexorably requires opening up to the world , along with ensuring full freedom within the country .
Bilingual education is another suggestion that requires further research if we are to establish the benefits .
Chile requires all wage and salary earners to contribute 7 % of their pay either to the National Health Fund or to a private insurer .
Enrollment is voluntary and expanding gradually ; the poorest , who are fully subsidized , have preference and are required to participate in health promotion activities .
This takes into account the fact that many forest owners have no intention of cutting down trees , so wo n't require compensation .
This requires developing a payment culture , as well as providing a safety net for those citizens who can not afford to pay .
For many nations , that will require developing institutions capable of conducting adequate planning , monitoring , and evaluation .
These sorts of reforms bring massive returns relative to the investment required to finance them .
The high level of income inequality requires specific poverty reduction efforts .
This is a serious problem that requires a serious response .
Stopping temperatures from rising by more than 2  C would require draconian , instant emission reductions -- for the OECD the reductions would have to be between 40-50 % below their expected path in just 12 years .
But that would require lowering the limit to walking speed -- at an immense cost to society .
A sensible policy dialogue requires us to talk openly about our priorities .
Often , there is a strong sentiment that we should do anything required to ameliorate a situation .
The EU 's own estimate is about  60 billion annually , which is almost certainly a vast underestimate -LRB- its previous estimate was almost twice as much -RRB- , since it requires the EU to make the reductions in the smartest way possible .
Negotiating a follow-up treaty to the Kyoto Protocol , they argue , requires that we seek even deeper cuts in the pollution that causes global warming .
The grain required to fill the tank of an SUV with ethanol is enough to feed one African for a year .
Global warming will create significant problems , so carbon reductions offer significant benefits . Cutting carbon emissions , however , requires a reduction in the basic energy use that underpins modern society , so it will also mean significant costs .
Reaching a proper answer to these questions requires extensive economic modeling , with different variables calculated and regional differences analyzed .
Their research shows that confronting global warming effectively requires nothing short of a technological revolution .
In fact , there is also a colossal technological hurdle . Ending our reliance on fossil fuels requires a complete transformation of the world 's energy systems .
Other than nuclear power -- which is still much more expensive than fossil fuels -- all of the known possibilities require significant research and development .
What is required is not simply political will .
A prosperous future requires abundant sources of energy .
Providing Vitamin A and zinc to 80 % of the 140 million or so undernourished children in the world would require a commitment of just $ 60 million annually .
Achieving these goals will obviously require heavy lifting .
They suggest partially funding the required research and development with a `` slowly rising but initially low carbon tax '' that would avoid undermining economic growth .
Perhaps a maximally extended life expectancy is of higher value to you than living in a society where doctors do not leave curable patients to die if they can not pay for the required treatment out of their own pockets .
Preventing this requires political will , especially within the EU , which all too often seems to favor playing a neutral role .
Trade in humans and their bodies is not a new phenomenon , but today 's businesses are historically unique , because they require advanced biomedicine , as well as ideas and values that enhance the trade in organs .
But street-fighting requires even more training , cohesion and leadership than open-field combat .
It must distribute `` its '' money and not that of its members . The democratic argument requires a clear connection between the Union 's financial resources and the wealth that it generates , or with member states ' economic activities that have important externalities for other members .
Both required the Japanese government to display considerable agility in its rescue efforts .
Tailored solutions are required -- what works in one city might not work in others -- but , because problems arising from weak or absent coordination are widespread , emerging markets should consider governance models that vest accountability for urban health outcomes -- together with the authority to shape them -- in city governments .
After all , an investment-friendly business environment requires adults who are fit to work and children who are fit to learn .
But waging a serious war requires a serious reorganization of Russia 's power structures , which will be very painful .
While elections are relatively easy to stage , liberty is far more difficult to establish and sustain , for it requires institutions -- such as a legal system with impartial courts -- that Egypt lacks , and that take years to build .
Democracy requires democrats -- citizens convinced of the value of liberty and popular sovereignty and committed to establishing and preserving them .
Life under totalitarianism was an extreme situation that requires us to apply special , nuanced rules to all thecaptives of that ordeal .
It requires a large reserve of imagination , optimism , or plain stupidity to believe that one 's fellow human beings will ever live beyond history and ideology .
Saving our girls will require radically altering some of Indian society 's family arrangements , traditions , and attitudes . And there is no easy way to accomplish this .
Similarly , whereas the Koran requires four eyewitnesses as proof of adultery , mere suspicion of some unregulated , potentially sexual conduct by a woman warrants stoning under customary law .
The course was rigorous - only seven of 33 students finished it - as it required mastering the technical minutiae of collecting , crosschecking , standardizing , and reporting enormous masses of information .
Indeed , the president is no longer required to provide the usual five-year forecast of the country 's fiscal position .
Depositors deserve strong , effective protection for their funds -- and the banking system requires it in order to maintain confidence .
And , of course , the political sensitivity of Europe 's imbalances consists precisely in telling deficit countries that they must accept enduring hard times while surplus countries are required merely to save a little less .
Japan 's political system requires the same sort of structural reform that its economy has long needed .
But Japan 's long-floundering economy has eaten revenue from traditional activities that required muscle , such as gambling , prostitution , and loan-sharking .
While committed to the bilateral US-Japan alliance , Ozawa has said that Japan 's security requires the continued presence only of the US Seventh Fleet , not of US ground troops .
It actually requires much more time and effort to shed data than to keep it .
Pressing risk-related questions require deliberate action on an international scale .
educate people now on the costs and benefits of cooperation and integration , which requires partial surrender of national sovereignty to regional authorities .
An entirely new financial culture needs to be implemented to eliminate corruption , and this will require that Africans monitor other Africans .
Western Union charges fees as high as 25 % on transfers to these countries , compared to an average global benchmark of 5 % , and has required that Franc-Zone countries sign exclusivity agreements , thereby preventing foreign-exchange bureaux , post offices , and micro-finance institutions from carrying out money transfers .
Giving micro-finance institutions access to national and regional payments systems and electronic retail facilities will go a long way toward meeting the requirements of the retail and business sector in terms of banking facilities .
A common currency requires unified and centrally agreed monetary and fiscal policies . But this necessitates political integration , which , as the troubles of the euro this year have demonstrated , is a hard sell among nation-states .
This requires consistent macroeconomic policies focused on economic integration , food self-sufficiency , low inflation , and reduced debt .
It also requires political stability , eradication of corruption , enhanced rule of law , improvement of basic levels of education , and greater use of mobile telephones and the Internet .
What it does not require is a currency union .
Well-functioning credit markets require that lenders face the consequences of irresponsible or politically motivated lending .
I appreciate that close cooperation and partnership with member states are required , and I am ready to work with them in whatever way I can to help them to transpose and apply EU law correctly .
This will require thorough independent due diligence on securitizations , proper cash-flow sensitivity analysis , and less reliance on credit rating agencies paid by issuers .
Originators or managers of these securitizations will be required to retain a meaningful stake in each tranche of the issue .
Even more irresponsible are attempts to undermine a requirement for adequate due diligence on securitization positions prior to investing -- with some amendments containing wording that would make it virtually impossible for supervisors to monitor compliance .
We need to ensure transparency and adequate risk management , measures on which are part of my proposal on capital requirements .
The current European and global frameworks for accounting standards and capital requirements , for example , have exacerbated turmoil in the markets .
That is why I recently proposed a measure to provide firms with more flexibility on mark-to-market requirements and to facilitate asset transfer from the trading book to the banking book .
A system that requires banks to accumulate more substantial buffers in good times so that they can let them run down in bad times makes sense both from a micro viewpoint and from a macro viewpoint .
This issue aside , I have never been persuaded that capital requirements on trading books should be materially lower than for those on banking books .
Much tougher capital requirements for trading-book exposures are therefore needed and will be brought forward as soon as possible .
The fact that equity-to-asset ratios are currently averaging out at about 3 % tells you everything that you need to know about the inadequacy of the current pro-cyclical capital requirement framework .
Again , this must be a feature of further revisions to the capital requirement framework for banks .
Such a lack of recovery then requires medication , behavioral interventions , or both .
A rule that requires a rotation of votes among Council members , or that groups them into voting blocs , could replace the current one-man-one-vote scheme .
Because people live longer and procreate less , raising and caring for children requires less of a parent 's life than it used to .
At the start of this year , Norway enacted legislation that requires that both sexes be represented by at least 40 % on all corporate boards .
But women , too , must adjust . The reality is that top jobs require more than two workdays a week , and they do not coincide with school hours .
Assuming the responsibilities that have long belonged to men requires that women let go of the tasks that have prevented them from advancing beyond low-ranking positions .
A certain amount of labor-market rigidity may make economic sense for jobs that require firm-specific skills and training , alongside greater flexibility for jobs that require fewer skills .
This was particularly audacious , for it required us to abandon the supreme Hippocratic principle according to which it is unprofessional to injure a healthy person .
These issues require attention now , and an integral part of the EU 's search for new global strategies should be to invite , rather than avoid , criticism of its activities .
Verve and fanfare may be alien to Brussels , but what is urgently required is a sense of political showmanship that restores confidence in the European project as well as the economy .
The contribution of the Helsinki process in Europe was its recognition that true peace required a new relationship between rulers and ruled as well as between states .
Winning the war on terrorism will require a combination of offense and defense .
But paradoxically , it may also contain an element of forgetfulness , because it tends to conceal the fact that liberation required a military defeat .
The new `` Competitiveness Pact , '' proposed at the EU summit by France and Germany , did not make the same pretensions to global grandeur , but was instead sold as a step required to ensure the survival of the euro .
But even where the European Commission had the legislative tools and political mandate to impose sanctions -- for example , to punish non-compliance with the Stability and Growth Pact -- member states managed to avoid punishment by `` reforming '' the requirements .
One thing is certain : it will require a lot more than a warmed-over Lisbon Agenda , with easy targets and toothless enforcement , to restore confidence in the euro and safeguard the monetary union .
Since 1997 , the United States Congress has required the Department of Defense to undertake a major defense review every four years .
This requires a different type of force , and one capable of running a marathon rather than a sprint , sustaining major deployments for extended periods .
While true , it is not clear that a willingness to tolerate the freedom of others , which democracy requires , is equally widespread .
NEW YORK -- The world 's economies are becoming more interdependent than ever , but economic nationalism , protectionism , and beggar-thy-neighbor attitudes are threatening the bonds of trust and cooperation that a truly globalized economy requires .
This requires encouraging more effective investments in education and research and development , increasing intellectual property protections , and promoting new international collaborative efforts to help address common challenges in energy , environmental protection , health care , and other areas .
This can delay for years the expenditures required to protect people 's health and the environment .
Such a Poland required a moral revolution in which crimes would be punished , virtue rewarded , and injustice redeemed .
Free movement of skilled labor could be accompanied by binding international requirements that migrants from poor countries spend , say , one year in five working in their countries of origin .
This shift is ominous , because it frees regulatory bodies to require any amount and kind of testing that they wish .
Similarly , a task force of the 165-member Codex Alimentarius Commission , the joint food standards program of the UN 's World Health Organization and its Food and Agriculture Organization , has singled out only food products made with GM for various Draconian and even bizarre regulatory procedures and requirements .
In July , the full Codex membership approved various procedures and requirements that are more appropriate to potentially dangerous prescription drugs or pesticides than to GM tomatoes , potatoes , and strawberries .
Overly burdensome Codex standards for GM foods are ominous not only because of their direct effects on research and development , but also because members of the World Trade Organization will , in principle , be required to follow them .
The diagnosis and treatment of most types of cancer in developing countries would require a huge and daunting investment in infrastructure .
But the massive undertaking required to `` improve health practices in the poorest countries of the world '' plays better on the editorial page than on the ground .
A flu pandemic will require triage on many levels , including not only decisions about which patients are likely to benefit from scarce commodities such as drugs , vaccines , and ventilators , but also broader public policy choices about how best -- among , literally , a world of possibilities -- to expend resources .
There is absolutely nothing about Golden Rice that should require endless case-by-case reviews and bureaucratic dithering .
By contrast , plants constructed with less precise techniques such as hybridization or mutagenesis generally are subject to no government scrutiny or requirements -LRB- or opposition from activists -RRB- at all .
Moderating domestic demand requires , first and foremost , fiscal tightening , because further increases in interest rates , which are already relatively high , would only fuel further capital inflows and put even more upward pressure on the real , which is already over-valued .
Addressing them successfully would allow the country to generate the savings needed to meet its huge looming public-investment requirements : expansion of productive infrastructure -LRB- roads , ports , and airports -RRB- in order to remove severe bottlenecks to faster non-inflationary growth ; unprecedentedly large planned investment in oil exploration and electricity generation ; and forthcoming international sporting events -LRB- the World Cup and the Olympic Games -RRB- that Brazil will host in the next few years .
In addition , a range of civil-service reforms are needed to improve flexibility and increase productivity , while health and education programs require greater cost effectiveness .
To be sure , foreign corporations can do good things : bring in fresh ideas , techniques , and processes , as well as capital and the scale required in some contemporary forms of manufacturing .
Ghana certainly needs to develop economically , because material wealth is required to improve health , provide education , and sustain democracy .
Sufficient numbers of teachers , school buildings , and textbooks are all essential , but accelerating learning requires much more .
In the opinion of Royal 's many opponents among Socialist leaders and militants , the dominance of the media in the political process is leading to mediocrity : the qualities required to be elected are becoming nearly incompatible with those needed to govern .
In Europe , transcending nationalism required not only two devastating world wars in the first half of the twentieth century , but also the prevalence of democratic regimes .
An anybody-but-Sarkozy reflex may exist in some circles of French society , but , in order to prevail , a credible alternative is required .
Intelligence , diplomacy , security forces , and educating people to the requirements of life lived under the shadow of an invisible menace must all be brought to bear .
In other words , we are faced with the challenge of complexity , which requires us to ensure that a small minority is not joined by greater forces .
Here , again , strengthening Europe requires strengthening the Alliance .
If America can move from a culture of fear to one of hope -- and again incarnate hope for the world -- it will require a leader who embodies the American dream : modern and armed with a humanistic religious message , in contrast to the anxious irrationalism of the Christian conservative movement that fueled Bush 's political base .
The problem is that such a choice requires governments ' absolute determination to stand by their words .
You can ask for greater sacrifices and require greater patience from people whose trust and full support you have managed to gain .
Open societies , especially if they want to compete with non-democratic countries , must be more muscular : openness requires strength .
Today 's new challenges require common solutions in the form of enhanced co-operation at European and global levels .
Rapid response is required of governments , United Nations agencies , regulatory authorities , and the pharmaceutical industry for coordination , surveillance , and vaccine production .
Last year , however , as Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan pushed forward on strengthening Turkey 's Middle Eastern ties , visa requirements between the two countries were eased , with cross-border car traffic increasing 22 % in five months .
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdo?an , as part of his recent drive to become the de facto leader of the Sunni world , and as part of his `` zero problems with neighbors '' policy , has lifted visa requirements for Lebanese traveling to Turkey .
Council decisions that now require unanimity would be taken by majority vote .
Numerous provincial and municipal TV stations are also required to carry some CCTV programming .
And yet China 's reliance on economic policies that require the heavy hand of the state to achieve officially decreed targets had been fading .
Financial re-regulation should and will emphasize capital , reserve , and margin requirements ; limiting systemic risk buildup by constraining leverage ; eliminating fragmented and incomplete regulatory coverage and regulatory arbitrage -LRB- a huge challenge internationally -RRB- ; and a focus on transparency .
In the long run , success will require major technological advances and their broad adoption .
Risk spreads have declined from their mid-crisis highs , but credit in many sectors remains tight or barely available , while the financial sector is set to become more conservative -- and is likely to be re-regulated with higher capital , reserve , and margin requirements .
But the collective action problem is no less daunting , and it requires urgent attention if the world 's growth aspirations are to be achieved .
The central lesson for investors seems to me to be that not all components of risk are static , but rather evolve in ways that are not yet fully understood -- and that government regulation can not fully address . For that reason , the ability of markets to self-correct should play a role as well , which requires that investment strategies attempt to take the possibility of systemic risk into consideration .
This means that addressing systemic risk requires a longer timeframe than that associated with the non-systemic , stationary risks to which investors devote most attention .
Clearly , judgment is required .
But taking these traditions seriously would require much larger transformations of capitalism than even avowed Christian Democrats are prepared to contemplate , including a much wider distribution of ownership and mechanisms for involving workers in management .
They are akin to language requirements -- except that the language here is a civic , not a national one , which in the best case allows new citizens to voice their concerns with perfect political grammar .
For these and many other reasons , rebuilding Afghanistan 's economy will require not only economic reconstruction but an effort to reinvent the country 's political and cultural institutions .
This requires completing the formation of a free-trade area , with 85 % of SADC trade to be liberalized in 2008 , and 100 % in 2012 .
Several currencies have attained some measure of regional convertibility , which should encourage monetary harmonization and promote intraregional trade , as countries ' trade flows shift from partners that require payment in foreign currency .
For southern Africa -- indeed , for the continent as a whole -- global competitiveness requires diversification to higher value-added and manufactured exports .
A credible investigation requires full backing from the authorities in Albania and from the newly established EU mission in Kosovo .
It should articulate more clearly Europe 's future military roles and missions , determine the military capabilities required , identify shortfalls , and develop projects and initiatives to address the most critical gaps .
Greater military integration in Europe will require sustained leadership by heads of government , military officials , and NATO and EU leaders .
Even if all of the world 's nuclear-weapon states embrace the vision of a world free of the threat of nuclear conflict , nuclear weapons will remain with us for two decades at least , and even that would require the most favorable conditions for disarmament .
Achieving this ambitious agenda by 2025 would usher in the last phase in the quest for a nuclear-free world , and requires , first and foremost , political conditions that reliably rule out regional or global wars of aggression .
Meaningful public engagement with the court requires an underlying environment that fosters -- not punishes -- the free expression of ideas .
Doing so requires putting the right person in charge -- someone like Paul Hoffman , the American industrialist who managed the Marshall Plan more than half a century ago and , subsequently , headed the UN Development Program .
In fact , Bush pursued his policy despite a 1978 law -- adopted in response to the Nixon-era abuses -- that specifically requires judicial approval , and in contradiction to his public assurance that no such eavesdropping takes place without a court order .
Persisting on the path of international justice will continue to require substantial resources .
The controversy illustrates the care that is required in publishing human-rights reports .
In certain cases , the evidence requires a judgment on such a question .
Not one detainee has been accorded prisoner-of-war status ; none has been granted a hearing as required by the Geneva Conventions in cases of doubt .
The Conventions require that , where there is any doubt , a hearing must be held before an impartial tribunal to determine whether a prisoner seized during an armed conflict is entitled to prisoner-of-war status .
Moreover , even if they are found to be unlawful combatants , the First Additional Protocol of 1977 requires that they be afforded certain due process protections , which will not be available to those brought before the proposed military commissions .
Under the AIPPA , reporters are required to file their home addresses with the government ; presumably this is what the word `` privacy '' in the law 's title means .
This requires better relations with all of the world 's rising powers .
But the election law does not require that every party take part in such events , so United Russia merely shrugged off the criticism .
So no changes are required to the laws or the Constitution for him to remain a key political player .
Of course , stability requires agreement between the two key actors ; and there are sure to be plenty of opponents and allies trying to stir up trouble between them .
Clearly , effective strategies to tackle the NCD burden require a critical examination of what people are eating and their levels of physical activity .
One of the strategy 's key conclusions is that reducing the burden of NCD 's requires a multi-sectoral approach .
But we face a global problem , with many international stakeholders , and this requires an urgent and worldwide response .
The trick will be to induce the brain to produce and deliver to the correct destination any kind of neuron that might be needed , so that regardless of cell class , new cells of the required kind can replace others of the same type that have died .
Ethics commissions want to establish limits on research , even if these require frequent re-negotiation .
This requires a smoothly working and much more efficient interface between the agencies and the European Commission , which retains overall control over them , as well as a thorough revision of the financial regulation for the entire operation and its oft-criticized bureaucratic red tape .
At the same time , emissions can not be reduced at the extent required without the central contribution of the developing world .
To avoid the severe risks that would result from a rise in global average temperature of more than 2 ?C , we must get atmospheric concentrations below 450 ppm . This will require a cut in annual global emissions from about 50 gigatonnes of CO2-equivalent today to below 35 gigatonnes in 2030 , and less than 20 gigatonnes by 2050 .
This requires a Europe that knows its own mind , so that it can approach the US -- and the rest of the world -- with a clearer eye and a harder head .
If there is to be a genuine review of the accusations against these detainees , how can it be known in advance that the third category will be required ?
To be sure , I have been exposed to flimsy sources , and newspapers of the future should help readers learn what a good source is , and what good citizen journalism requires .
To kill so many people in the 20th century , a Hitler or Stalin required the apparatus of a totalitarian government .
To achieve this will require policies that open up economies , reduce bureaucratic controls , speed economic growth , improve educational systems , and encourage the types of gradual political changes now seen in small countries like Bahrain , Oman , Jordan , Kuwait , and Morocco .
But getting there requires American policies that are consistent with the comprehensive approach that democratic transformation requires .
Either proposal would entail amending the UN Charter , which requires marshaling the support of a two-thirds majority of the 191 member states , including the five veto-wielding members of the current Security Council .
But focusing on enlargement of the Security Council risks diverting attention from the rest of the Panel 's analyses and 101 recommendations for reform , many of which do not require amending the Charter .
Its members agreed that there could be `` nightmare scenarios '' that combine the two and might require the preventive use of force .
Bush not only chose to visit Brussels , the capital of the European Union , on his February trip to Europe , but stated that what `` we seek to achieve in the world requires that America and Europe remain close partners . ''
But even if America has lost some of its attractive `` soft power , '' Europe 's post-industrial publics are not willing to pay the price -- a doubling or tripling of defense spending as a share of GDP -- to invest in the military power that would be required to balance its hard power .
It also requires tolerance of minorities and respect for individual rights , as well as the development of effective institutions for resolving political conflicts in divided societies .
While it is true that Germany and Japan became democratic after American occupation , it required their total defeat in a devastating war , and a seven-year occupation .
Moreover , rising gasoline prices have called attention to the shortcomings of the Bush administration 's energy policy , which includes recently passed legislation that contains inadequate requirements for energy conservation . The press , meanwhile , has reported on speculation about the relationship between warmer ocean waters and the frequency of severe hurricanes , thus highlighting the low priority that the administration has given to environmental problems in general and global climate change in particular .
Working to raise the thresholds that terrorists must overcome requires a systemic approach , since plugging one hole can simply divert terrorists to others .
This followed a UN Security Council resolution that condemned North Korea 's missile launches of July 5 , demanded that it return to the negotiating table , and required UN members to prevent the import and export of any material or money related to North Korea 's missile or unconventional weapons programs .
Success will also require more funds for reconstruction , development , and alternatives to opium poppy cultivation .
Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz testified to Congress that Shinseki 's estimate of the number of troops required was `` wildly off the mark . ''
Bush administration officials argue that the new plan is `` not an open-ended commitment : we are putting real , specific requirements and expectations on the Iraqi government . ''
Democracy is more than voting , for it requires large investments in education , institutions , and promotion of non-governmental organizations .
That will require combining the soft power of attraction with the hard power of military might to produce a `` smart power '' strategy for providing global public goods .
They are inherently multilateral and require cooperation for their solution .
All of them require multilateral cooperation .
In Taiwan itself , there is a growing sense of national identity , but a sharp division between pragmatists of the `` pan-blue alliance , '' who realize that geography will require them to find a compromise with the mainland , and the ruling `` pan-green alliance , '' which aspires in varying degrees to achieve independence .
As for other parts of the world , a recent Pew poll found that many Europeans would like Europe to play a larger role , but to balance American military power would require a doubling or tripling of defense spending , and few Europeans are interested in such an increase .
Nevertheless , a smart strategy for Europe will require greater investments in hard power .
These issues require cooperation in the provision of global public goods and the soft power of attracting support .
Military success against terrorists and insurgents requires soldiers to win hearts and minds , not just break bodies .
Leaders need enough managerial skill to assure that systems are in place to provide the information required for good decisions as well as effective implementation .
The organizational skills required for leaders as managers should not be confused with the efficiency or tidiness of a well-run organization .
Responding to such threats requires cooperation , soft power , and non-military instruments , and this is an area in which Japan is a much more equal and important ally .
Military leadership today requires political and managerial skills .
Modern information societies require us to go beyond the `` big man '' approach to leadership .
A successful strategy against Al Qaeda will require close intelligence cooperation with other countries and policies that attract the support of mainstream Muslim opinion .
But successful diplomacy will require repairing relations with Russia .
Governments can hope to deter cyber attacks just as they deter nuclear or other armed attacks . But deterrence requires a credible threat of response against an attacker .
But different networks provide new forms of power , and require different styles of leadership .
In other words , the Internet age requires new styles of leadership in which attractive soft power must supplement the traditional hard power of command .
A successful democracy requires leadership to be widespread throughout government and civil society .
`` Do '' refers to action and requires both training and fieldwork .
To make this formula work , however , requires a good deal of soft power .
Public diplomacy is an important tool in the arsenal of smart power , but smart public diplomacy requires an understanding of credibility , self-criticism , and the role of civil society in generating soft power .
Judging whether economic interdependence produces power requires looking at the balance of asymmetries , not just at one side of the equation .
This would require politically difficult shifts in consumption and investment , with America increasing its savings and China increasing domestic consumption .
The state of Arizona recently enacted legislation that encourages local police to check the immigration status of people who were stopped for other reasons -- and requires immigrants to produce proof of their legal status on demand .
They still require the leadership of great powers .
Military power , which some call the ultimate form of power in world politics , requires a thriving economy .
Judging whether economic interdependence produces power requires looking at the balance of asymmetries .
Their main argument was that the shortcomings of EU-level democratic practices required the German Bundestag to retain a substantial number of policy competences .
The Irish government has stated emphatically that any amendments to the Lisbon Treaty connected to eurozone reforms will not require a referendum .
If the Irish Supreme Court were to decide that the ESM requires popular consent , the EU would be faced with the prospect of yet another Irish referendum on Europe .
Some resorted to capital-account regulations on inflows , such as taxes on the foreign purchases of bonds , equities , and derivatives , reserve requirements on short-term inflows , and so forth .
This would require , for instance , stimulating growth in Europe , Asia , and the major oil exporters in order to offset the contractionary effect on the world economy of adjustment in the US , which should include more restrictive fiscal policies , less private consumption , and higher domestic savings to reduce its external deficit .
This is not just a matter of revaluing the Chinese currency , as argued by some US policymakers , but requires gradual adjustment of most major currencies against the dollar in conjunction with concerted fiscal and monetary policy adjustments in the rest of the world .
This requires maintaining rapid growth while undertaking a major but necessarily gradual domestic restructuring , for which a smooth appreciation is much better suited .
But this requires major reforms in the global financial system to reduce the vulnerabilities that such deficits generated in the past , and that were reflected in major financial crises in the developing world .
The G-20 , however , has largely focused on re-regulating domestic finance , whereas cross-border finance has been left entirely off its agenda , as if it required no regulation -- and indeed as if it were not part of global finance .
Actually , this would imply a return to the IMF 's founding principle : it is in the best interest of all members to allow countries to pursue their own full-employment macroeconomic policies , even if this requires regulating capital flows .
A reserve requirement on cross-border flows is one of them .
Mutual and other private-sector funds require minimum terms for investments , and such mandatory lock-up periods should be applied to capital inflows as well .
High capital and provision requirements for certain transactions , or prohibition of such transactions , should also be introduced for prudential reasons .
At the source , capital requirements for currency mismatches in portfolios , together with margin requirements on foreign-exchange derivatives , make sense .
Reform will , of course , require extensive discussion and deliberation .
One of them is a reserve requirement on cross-border flows -- successfully implemented in Chile , Colombia , and elsewhere -- or , even better , on cross-border liabilities .
Alternatively , if those economic actors borrow from domestic financial institutions , regulations could resemble recent measures adopted in Brazil and South Korea , which include high capital and provision requirements for the associated liabilities .
Moreover -LRB- and again counter to the guidelines -RRB- , CFMs , almost by definition , require some discrimination between residents and non-residents .
In fact , implementing the IMF 's guidelines may require eliminating provisions in several free-trade agreements -LRB- particularly those signed by the US -RRB- that restrict the use of capital-account regulations .
Hence , this strategy will require some cross-border shipment of e-waste .
Ultimately , effective strategies for managing e-waste require the development of local infrastructures , aggressive coordination of community participation , and international regulations that encourage sustainable manufacturing practices without stifling innovation .
Indeed , only seven years ago , the word federation was banned from the Chinese language ; companies like Federal Transport or Federation Merchants were required to change their names .
Jonathan not only won a popular majority in the presidential contest , beating Muhammadu Buhari of the CPC , who enjoyed broad support in the north ; he also fulfilled the additional constitutional requirement of gaining one-quarter of the votes in two-thirds of the 36 states .
Faced with meeting the constitutional requirement of getting votes from each state in the Federation , the candidates and their handlers have gone out of their way to avoid taking positions that ruffle feathers .
That will require repairing and improving damaged infrastructure , generating economic prosperity , running efficient social services , and taming the unrest in the delta region .
After all the diplomacy and effort that these epoch-making events required , European policymakers should be able to tackle reform of the IMF , the World Bank , the G-7 , and the G-8 . Yet all of these institutions still reflect the post-World War II status quo , which serves little purpose in today 's world .
If this is n't daunting enough , consider this : if we delay taking action by even a few years , we probably wo n't hit the required targets , even with a temporary decline in carbon emissions associated with reduced economic activity in the near term .
Making all this happen requires moving toward a new model for ensuring that we are more productive globally with core resources that we have long taken for granted .
But democratic transformation in Hungary required an opposition strategy throughout the 1980 's : revolution would n't work , as the Soviet invasion in 1956 showed .
By contrast , euroization so far has required a fair degree of prior fiscal consolidation , a credible and independent monetary policy , reasonably competitive financial institutions , and flexible labor markets .
Finally , dealing with the Middle East , not just with Iran , requires a fresh , open-minded , and comprehensive approach .
Poverty reduction requires both economic and social policies that reach people .
In the 1980 's , adjustment programs required countries to cut back on their expenditures , including outlays on education , health , water , agriculture , and other sectors that make a difference to poor households .
It requires that aid to poor countries be sustained ; that governments focus on expansionary macroeconomic policies that support employment and broad-based economic activities ; that new schemes be introduced to extend health services and social protection for the poor ; and that investments in education , water supply , sanitation , agriculture , and food security receive the support they need .
But , even as a host of other issues come into play , strengthening this most important of bi-lateral relationships requires a new , underlying common interest .
In fact , real peace in the Caucasus requires two key strategic transformations .
Beyond the emotional impact of President Gul 's visit to Yerevan , real improvement in Turkish-Armenian relations requires opening the two countries ' closed border -- the last in Europe .
But this has always been unlikely in the absence of a comprehensive settlement that addresses Armenians ' greatest fear -- security -- and fulfils their basic political requirement , namely a definition of Nagorno-Karabakh 's status .
The two sides must step back , look at the situation dispassionately , acknowledge the deficiencies in the protocols , address the other side 's minimum requirements , and bear in mind that a single document will not heal all wounds or wipe out all fears .
Resolving the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict peacefully requires two parallel steps : a guarantee of non-resumption of military hostilities , and a clear , mutually binding blueprint for reaching a final settlement .
In fact , unconscious efficiencies are the most desirable ones , because they require neither enforcement nor a personal commitment to cutting back .
Moving from walking , bicycling , and public transit to driving is relatively simple , because it requires only wealth , a desire for independence and status , and an inability or unwillingness to look very far into the future .
He or she must talk directly to the Arab League , whose proposed peace plan will require tough Israeli negotiation , but is a reasonable start to preventing future wars , including just wars .
The ever-rising current-account deficit -LRB- 6.8 % of GDP in 2010 -RRB- will require a second round of reforms .
Several scenarios have been assessed by the IPCC , and one that would limit future temperature increase to between 2.0-2 .4 ?C would require that emissions peak no later than 2015 , and decline thereafter .
That requires expanding markets in developing countries , which means tackling income inequality and getting income into the right hands -- an enormous organizational challenge that is off the radar because economists focus exclusively on savings and supply-side issues .
This sobering picture calls for new licensing regulations limiting oil-market participation , limits on permissible trading positions , and high margin requirements where feasible .
True , China has made the kind of economic advances in three decades that required 100 years in Western countries .
This requires that a more rational strategy be mapped out in the planning of major industrial projects and energy-hungry enterprises .
Changing entrenched attitudes could not happen overnight : it required a step-by-step process of confidence-building measures , from the grassroots level to the heights of political power .
The nature of capitalist growth requires us to take a more holistic view and work out how we can achieve sustainable development .
Security challenges in neighboring regions also require a joint response .
Getting to the future , it seems , does not require the help of futurists .
But , according to the vote counts released by the government after a suspicious month-long delay , the MDC 's margin of victory -- 48 % to 43 % -- fell short of the 50 % required to avoid a run-off election .
In any democratic system of checks and balances , leaders usually require coalitions in order to get what they want done .
Personally , I do not think that those whose philosophy deplores the whole idea of government , except when it is required to bail out businesses or banks , and who purport to offer a better future by stitching together the shreds and tatters of policies that helped produce today 's economic disaster , will have much respect or support from voters .
To formulate such a policy requires us to frame a single energy policy .
We do not require a policy on every problem and every place .
Ending the insurrection will also require better government , whatever the low expectations of business leaders .
But , whatever the outcome , a new government will face a daunting challenge -- challenges that will be even more daunting in the case of a `` hung parliament , '' which will require either a coalition government or minority government to be formed after the vote .
It is not just that tough measures will be required to rein in public spending for years to come .
It will require leadership skills of a high order to persuade voters that in order to prevent national decline we must curb our appetite for more and more public spending .
Seriously ill patients require permission to be treated in West Bank hospitals , and some are reportedly pressed to collaborate with Israel 's security services in return for being allowed out .
We require Helmut Kohl 's understanding of the need to identify the big decisions in politics , and to get those decisions right .
But he must also provide some real evidence that China is opening its markets as domestic consumption grows , and that it recognizes that a sustainable global recovery requires adjustments in China as well as America to redress international imbalances .
Most importantly , American and European leadership is required to avoid a lurch into protectionism and the consequent killing off of the Doha trade round .
Even Senator Barack Obama , who has demonstrated a clear commitment to building a more open-minded , less unilateral relationship with the rest of the world , has said things about Palestine and Israel that would appear to rule out the sort of initiatives required for a peace agreement .
A serious effort to contain them and stamp them out requires an effective campaign in Helmand Province , North and South Waziristan , and the troubled areas between the poppy fields of Afghanistan and the madrasas of Pakistan .
It would at least be a welcome challenge to be required to put our efforts where our mouths have been .
Likewise , for both our countries , greater energy efficiency and security requires reliance upon market price signals , technology , innovation , and diversified energy sources .
This , in turn , requires a proper procedure , based on transparent competition , for the initial sale of prospecting rights , as well as a well-designed tax system to collect revenues from subsequent corporate profits .
The many decisions required to ensure success must be gotten right not just once but repeatedly , though , without such transparency , the risks of corruption and misallocation obviously are much higher .
Between them , European and American rules can require many resource-extraction companies to be transparent , but there remain many companies that come under other jurisdictions .
Within the OECD , the main financial center for smaller resource-extraction companies is Toronto , yet the Canadian parliament recently failed narrowly to pass an equivalent requirement for these companies .
Globally , the second largest such company is Vale , based in Brazil , and the Chinese are now the single largest presence in Africa , although China already has some revenue transparency legislation on its books , given the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong financial market .
But fiscal consolidation requires strong economic performance , which depends on foreign investment .
The most important measures required cutting budget deficits , often at the cost of lowering public expenditures .
Even assuming China 's willingness to help Europe 's troubled economies , it would be able to contribute only a modest portion of the huge amount of financing required to restore confidence in European sovereign debt .
These trends imply an increased probability that the market is underestimating risk , so systemic risk regulators should raise minimum capital requirements as soon as they spot them .
Counter-cyclical capital requirements fit with this idea , and a range of indicators could be used to calibrate the increase in capital requirements , coupled perhaps with some discretion .
The Quartet has been dormant since 2000 , because any peace process requires negotiations between the parties in conflict .
What does Israel 's security mean and require ?
Hedge funds , venture capital firms that actually venture into new things , and recreated merchant banks are relatively well suited to make financial decisions that require judgment , the ability to engage the unknown , and to do so over a horizon not dictated by quarterly earnings .
But it makes the case for novel measures , including `` guidance ranges '' for asset prices and targeted variation of margin and capital requirements , to help dampen such excessive price movements .
To reach broad agreement on those changes requires facing some basic questions so far ignored .
This requires jobs to be rewarding in more than pecuniary ways - enlisting the minds of employees , engaging them in problem solving , leading them to discover some of their talents and expanding their abilities .
What are the requirements for dynamism ?
Thus , post-war transitions require that policies that encourage dynamism and inclusion go hand in hand .
Leaving aside the cost in terms of human lives , the economic costs of maintaining peace are but a fraction of what would be required for humanitarian assistance , military intervention , and peacekeeping operations should the country relapse into conflict .
In many cases , economic reconstruction has failed partly because donors required that their own nationals or companies be used .
This can and must change , but it requires a grassroots movement that uses blogs , online magazines and newspapers , book clubs and meet-up clubs , and anything else that might work to promote educational opportunities to develop critical-thinking skills .
While this belief unfortunately does have some validity , it requires one very important caveat : Russia is part of that ship . Russia can make advances to Hamas , Hezbollah , and Iran , and it can remind the Arab world that the Soviet Union helped it develop and offered it protection in the United Nations Security Council .
According to IMF calculations , to reach a 60 % debt ratio in 2030 would require a budgetary adjustment of almost nine percentage points of GDP on average between 2010 and 2020 .
A simple way to reduce the frequency of crises is to require banks to rely more on equity and less on debt so that they can incur more losses without going bankrupt -- a measure that is currently being considered at the global level .
Asymmetry of this magnitude requires a significant adjustment of relative prices .
In these fields , dispassion requires that the medical scientist ignore his or her own vulnerability of mind and body .
Within the ACD framework , Thaksin launched the $ 1 billion `` Asia Bond '' last year in an effort to match Asia 's financial capital with its financing requirements .
Any peaceful outcome to this conflict will require far-sighted concessions and compromises .
The coup-era constitution will then require a revamp .
So virulent is the dispute that even a short-term settlement will require third-party mediation .
Second , to the extent that effective precautions require governmental action , the fact that government is a centralized system of control makes it difficult for officials to respond to the full spectrum of possible risks against which cost-justified measures might be taken .
The firms earn cap-and-trade carbon credits to fulfill their Kyoto requirements .
Since that meeting in 2000 , the commitments made by most nations have fallen short of what is required , and 2015 is now only six years away .
This stance carries a high cost : the empathy of the Muslim masses that is required to defeat those who debase Islam in their name .
Central banks increasingly realize that no matter how much legal independence they have , their credibility with investors requires transparent monetary policy and effective communication with politicians and the wider public .
In the long-term , financial stability , no less than price stability , requires independent and accountable regulators and supervisors .
But paying decent salaries for honest government bureaucrats and judges requires tax revenue .
To prevent this will require sustained support from the US and the international community .
The court , for example , required Musharraf to present alleged terror suspects -- some of whome were likely `` rendered '' to Pakistan by the CIA -- detained for years without government acknowledgment .
Even that much warming would require a massive effort to adapt to weather extremes and rising sea levels , which needs to start now .
Yet , to see the crisis coming would have required someone who knew about each of these areas -- just as it takes a good general practitioner to recognize an exotic disease .
Indeed , in order to make such investments , democracies require either brave leadership or an electorate that understands the costs of postponing hard choices .
Perhaps the most important is that technological progress in the US requires the labor force to have ever greater skills .
Politicians feel their constituents ' pain , but it is hard to improve the quality of education , for improvement requires real and effective policy change in an area where too many vested interests favor the status quo .
Moreover , any change will require years to take effect , and therefore will not address the electorate 's current anxiety .
Unfortunately , all of this requires substantial international political consensus , cooperation , and goodwill -- all of which are in short supply today .
They require deep , fundamental changes .
Success in this balancing act requires leadership , transparent policies , and good communication .
The reason is simple : metal usage has been substituted by many alternatives , but most still require petroleum products as inputs , and decades-long efforts to develop sufficient alternative energy sources have yielded little success .
This requires a lifestyle change -- one that governments should begin encouraging employers and workers to embrace .
The region 's continued economic growth and progress require that we Asians contain our rivalries and avoid the arms buildups that , unfortunately , now seem to be underway .
But , while emerging economies are proving to be drivers of global demand , the right mix of government initiatives and policies is still required to ensure that they continue to provide the impetus for faster world economic recovery in the short term and be the engines of sustainable growth in the medium and long term .
A return to high growth rates globally will require a broader revival of demand .
While the public sector will continue to play an important role , given the massive investment required , substantial private investment -- including foreign investment -- would be needed to address India 's huge `` infrastructure deficit '' and the financing gap that accompanies it .
Private funds can not operate without these two giant markets , and would have to comply with their requirements .
What will this require ?
One priority is to ensure that large , new infusions of aid do not produce unintended economic outcomes , such as rapid currency appreciation or inflation , which would make recipient countries ' exports less competitive . Another priority is to ensure that low-income countries that are striving to meet the MDG 's , and which have large financing requirements , avoid a new spiral of indebtedness .
Under the IMF Articles of Agreement , members are required to collaborate to promote a stable system of exchange rates and to avoid manipulation with a view to gaining an unfair trade advantage .
Not even an organized network would be required ; just a fanatic with the mindset of those who now design computer viruses .
But to save a financial system from collapse requires preventing all banks from failing at the same time .
First , it does not require government regulators to decide how much individual assets are worth , because private markets value toxic assets .
Indeed , including aggression would have required me to investigate and potentially prosecute the decision to go to war -- inherently a profoundly political decision .
Moreover , as a young institution , the Court still has much work to do in effectively investigating and prosecuting the crimes over which it already exercises jurisdiction . Cooperation from member states and the relationship between peace and justice are just two vital issues that require sustained attention at Kampala and beyond .
While the Obama administration is obviously aware of what is happening south of the Rio Grande , the threat simply does not command the attention that its gravity requires .
Major efforts to shift from saving toward spending are also required .
Reversion to that earlier share is likely as American consumers make the transition from the insanity of the boom to the sanity required of the bust .
Changing this will require massive investment in courts , judicial officials , police , prison systems , social ministries , and parliaments , as well as in national human rights institutions and other official monitoring bodies .
This change in motivation requires changes in how the Union thinks about itself , changes that go beyond the ideas now circulating at the convention drawing up an EU constitution .
The era of floating exchange rates that followed the end of the gold standard required the development of products that could protect international trade from price volatility .
Balancing cuts in public spending in order not to endanger growth and employment requires a stable and smart government -- and time . The UK and Germany are , with their excessive restrictions , are preparing the ground for recessions at home .
To be effective , a formal legal regime protecting investors ' rights requires a non-corrupt , independent judiciary with enforcement power .
True , sustained economic convergence eventually requires high-quality institutions .
Managing the exchange rate becomes much more difficult when capital is free to come and go as it pleases . But it is not impossible -- as long as policymakers understand the critical role played by the exchange rate and the need to subordinate capital flows to the requirements of competitiveness .
The Value of Being Undervalued The paramount policy dilemma that emerging markets face nowadays is this : on the one hand , sustained economic growth requires a competitive -LRB- read `` undervalued '' -RRB- currency . On the other hand , any good news is immediately followed by currency appreciation , making the task of remaining competitive that much harder .
Maintaining a competitive currency requires a rise in domestic saving relative to investment , or a reduction in national expenditure relative to income .
Moreover , generating economic growth requires hitting the right targets , not doing everything at once .
These problems all require different methods for unlocking growth .
The real lesson is that taking full advantage of globalization requires developing domestic capabilities along with international links .
Equity markets were subjected to disclosure and transparency requirements .
True prudence requires that regulators avail themselves of a broader set of policy instruments , including quantitative ceilings , transaction taxes , restrictions on securitization , prohibitions , or other direct inhibitions on financial transactions -- all of which are anathema to most financial market participants .
This requires moving away from the broad governance agenda and focusing on reforms of specific institutions in order to target binding constraints on growth .
Designing appropriate institutional arrangements also requires both local knowledge and creativity .
A comforting thought -- if you still want to believe in financial sanity -- is that this was a case of a `` perfect storm , '' a rare failure that required a large number of stars to be in alignment simultaneously .
The scale of the lending that is required will likely run into hundreds of billions of US dollars , and exceed anything that the IMF has done to date .
Policy space is also required to ensure that important social and political ends -- such as food security -- are compatible with international trade rules .
They require other social institutions to support them .
At the political level , capitalism requires compensation and transfer mechanisms to render its outcomes acceptable .
The history of capitalism has been a process of learning and re-learning these lessons . Adam Smith 's idealized market society required little more than a `` night-watchman state . ''
The postwar mixed economy was built for and operated at the level of nation-states , and required keeping the international economy at bay .
Countries were required to undertake only limited trade liberalization , with plenty of exceptions for socially sensitive sectors -LRB- agriculture , textiles , services -RRB- .
Sometimes , this will require extending institutions outward from nation states and strengthening global governance .
Advanced training in economics requires learning about market failures in detail , and about the myriad ways in which governments can help markets work better .
But when he and others advocate it to the exclusion of alternatives , they end up communicating a vastly exaggerated degree of confidence about what course of action is required .
Countering this will require proactive efforts by the IMF 's top leadership in recruitment , staffing , and promotion .
The Fund will require internal reforms to earn that trust fully .
Global macroeconomic stability requires that we avoid such large current-account imbalances in the future .
But a return to high growth in developing countries requires that they resume their push into tradable goods and services .
So , are the requirements of global macroeconomic stability and of growth for developing countries at odds with each other ?
One way to prevent traffic accidents is to require everyone to drive a similar car , travel at the same speed , and head in the same direction .
A meaningful effort to influence the currency 's level requires determination to adjust financial taxes and complementary policies until they show their effects .
It could promote its industries through high tariffs , explicit subsidies , domestic content requirements on foreign firms , investment incentives , and many other forms of industrial policy .
There is , of course , a third path , but it would require re-writing the WTO 's rules .
They are the only way to reconcile China 's continued need for industrialization with the world economy 's requirement of lower current-account imbalances .
But the practical reality is that it can not deliver the tough regulations , closely tailored to domestic economic and political requirements , which financial markets badly need in the aftermath of the worst financial upheaval the world economy has experienced since the Great Depression .
The last big idea the Basel committee had was that large banks should calibrate their capital requirement based on their own internal risk models .
If the US wants to place size limits and tighter capital requirements on banks , it should be free to do so .
Naturally , regulatory diversity would require cross-border financial controls to ensure that banks do not evade national regulations by operating from foreign jurisdictions .
Even if true , evading the controls requires incurring additional costs to move funds in and out of a country -- which is precisely what the controls aim to achieve .
Emerging markets have resorted to a variety of instruments to limit private-sector borrowing abroad : taxes , unremunerated reserve requirements , quantitative restrictions , and verbal persuasion .
Similarly , Chilean-style unremunerated reserve requirements may be easier to evade in countries with extensive trading in sophisticated derivatives .
Local-content requirements have spawned productive supplier industries in automotive and electronics products .
The shift toward embracing industrial policy is therefore a welcome acknowledgement of what sensible analysts of economic growth have always known : developing new industries often requires a nudge from government .
This requires a government that is `` embedded '' in the private sector , but not in bed with it .
Given its risks and the gap between its social and private benefits , innovation requires rents -- returns above what competitive markets provide .
What determines success in industrial policy is not the ability to pick winners , but the capacity to let the losers go -- a much less demanding requirement .
The reasoning seems to be that growth requires market confidence , which in turn requires fiscal retrenchment .
All of these are highly uncertain , and require many assumptions to reach some form of judgment about creditworthiness .
Sustained growth requires a growth strategy , and most developing countries do not yet have one that would put them irrevocably on the path of economic convergence .
No , the real problem is that Europe has not created the union-wide institutions that an integrated financial market requires .
The European Union has taught us valuable lessons over the last few decades : first , that financial integration requires eliminating volatility among national currencies ; next , that eradicating exchange-rate risk requires doing away with national currencies altogether ; and now , that monetary union is impossible , among democracies , without political union .
Legal requirements that significantly increase the costs of hiring and firing labor discourage employment creation in new industries .
But igniting and sustaining rapid growth requires something more : production-oriented policies that stimulate ongoing structural change and foster employment in new economic activities .
Sustained growth requires devising incentives to encourage private-sector investment in new industries -- and doing so with minimal corruption and adequate competence .
Stated nakedly , this view holds that growth requires two things : foreign technology and good institutions .
Institutional arrangements also have large elements of specificity . Discovering which institutions are suitable to local conditions requires experimentation .
Those adaptations require a pro-active role for the state and civil society , and collaborative strategies that foster entrepreneurship and institution building .
Democracies are notoriously bad at producing credible bargains that require political commitments over the medium term .
But , once again , this requires a credible commitment to an exchange that requires a promise of action later in return for something now .
Europe , for its part , requires a determined step toward fiscal unification if the eurozone is to survive .
Free trade and the gold standard had required downplaying domestic priorities such as social reform , nation-building , and cultural reassertion . Economic crisis and the failure of international cooperation undermined not only globalization , but also the elites that upheld the existing order .
New rules to require end-users -LRB- such as oil companies using derivatives to guard against unexpected oil-price changes -RRB- and others to put up good collateral are being developed .
IMF loans thus relieve austerity : they help governments limit the amount of budgetary belt-tightening required in a crisis .
Services like education , banking , accounting , and insurance account for an ever larger share of global output -LRB- now roughly two-thirds -RRB- , and further expansion requires significant changes in existing agreements .
The US economy may have lost a fair chunk of its mojo , but it will require a lot more bad luck and policy blunders to get to a second worldwide Great Depression .
Banks know that they face higher capital requirements , which will force them to scale back lending relative to their resources -RRB- .
Ironically , as computer-aided cheating increasingly pervades chess tournaments -LRB- with accusations reaching the highest levels -RRB- , the main detection device requires using another computer .
For now , however , European policymakers seem to prefer to keep escalating the size of bridge loans to the periphery , not wanting to acknowledge that private markets will ultimately require a more durable and sustainable solution .
Many countries require sweeping reforms to make their tax systems more efficient and their entitlement programs -- including their pension schemes -- more realistic .
In other words , Europe 's carrots are not enough ; a successful outcome requires American carrots , too .
This , however , requires a change of attitudes both in America and in Europe .
The former Polish president , Aleksander Kwasniewski , had , it seemed , provided a perverse lesson in virtue when , having been caught lying about his educational credentials , protested that he did not remember whether he had actually defended his master 's thesis as required to receive his degree .
In Poland , where for many years such practices have been considered criminal , a proposed law would require full financial transparency for politicians and high state functionaries .
Although the criterion requires only that countries remain within the ERM 's normal fluctuation band - 15 % on either side of a central parity - the Commission says that it will base recommendations concerning candidate countries ' admission on whether their exchange rates remain within a 2.25 % band .
Finally , the interest rate criterion requires that rates on 10-year government bonds not be more than two percentage points above the rates in the three countries performing best in terms of inflation .
For the inflation and interest rate criteria , one possibility is to require the same margins as now , but over the average for the entire eurozone .
As at present , there would be a central rate with a fluctuation band of 15 % on either side to guide market expectations . However , intervention would not be required at these margins .
But equality requires that any new accession criterion must be based on the fiscal rules that actually operate within the eurozone .
Reassuring alliance governments does not require only that `` any constructive engagement would have to be based on military reassurances within NATO , '' as prominent experts like Wolfgang Ischinger and Ulrich Weisser have said .
But such a strategy requires that Russia clearly demonstrate its political will to cooperate with NATO .
The tasks confronting NATO require redefining the essence of transatlantic relations in order to answer some fundamental questions .
Restoring sustained growth requires real currency depreciation . There are only three ways that this can occur .
All successful rescues of countries in financial distress -- Mexico , Korea , Thailand , Brazil , Turkey -- require two conditions : the country 's credible willingness to impose the fiscal austerity and structural reforms needed to restore sustainability and growth ; and massive amounts of front-loaded official support to avoid a self-fulfilling rollover crisis of maturing public and\/or private short-term debts .
Major policy , regulatory , and supervisory reforms will be required to clean up the current mess and create a sounder global financial system .
Thus , a second set of policies and institutional reforms requires that all unsecured creditors of banks and other financial institutions need to be `` treated '' -- that is , they must accept losses -LRB- or `` haircuts '' -RRB- on their claims .
If orderly treatment of unsecured senior creditors requires a new cross-border regime to close down insolvent European banks , such a regime should be implemented without delay .
Greece will require another official bailout -- or a bail-in of private creditors , an option that is fueling heated disagreement among European policymakers .
All of these economies were already growing anemically and below trend , as the ongoing process of deleveraging required a slowdown of public and private spending in order to increase saving rates and reduce debts .
The right balance today requires creating jobs partly through additional fiscal stimulus aimed at productive infrastructure investment .
More monetary and credit easing is also required for the US Federal Reserve , the Bank of Japan , the Bank of England , and the Swiss National Bank .
To avoid an additional credit crunch as banks deleverage , banks should be given some short-term forbearance on capital and liquidity requirements .
The push towards a modern welfare state accelerated after the Great Depression , when the state took on the responsibility for macroeconomic stabilization -- a role that required the maintenance of a large middle class by widening the provision of public goods through progressive taxation of incomes and wealth and fostering economic opportunity for all .
To stabilize market-oriented economies requires a return to the right balance between markets and provision of public goods .
Even structural reform reduces output in the short run , because it requires firing workers , shutting down money-losing firms , and gradually reallocating labor and capital to emerging new industries .
This would require accepting massive losses on public and private debt , as well as enormous transfer payments that boost the periphery 's income while its output stagnates .
What Koran verse required those travellers to be roasted alive ?
So , for example , government pressure on multinational banks to lend domestically , or to withdraw liquidity from foreign branches , is protectionism , as are capital injections into multinational companies with the explicit requirement that domestic jobs be preserved .
This requires the immediate establishment of a judicial body , whose legitimacy would be based on the same multilateral process that was sought prior to the war .
As the World Court pointed out , its judgment last week did not refute that crucial point : `` The Court is not required by the question it has been asked to take a position ... on whether international law generally confers an entitlement on entities within a State to break away from this -LRB- State -RRB- . ''
The Court was not asked , and thus did not rule on , whether international law requires that the final status of Kosovo protect the group and individual rights of minorities , whether Kosovar Serbs or Roma .
Likewise , the Court was not asked and did not rule on whether Serbia or , indeed , any other state in the world community is required to recognize Kosovo as an independent state .
The Court has required that amnesties granted to political and military leaders in Argentina and other countries in the region as part of a transition to democracy be set aside .
Years later , what 's at stake is not just punishment , but also political truth , which requires setting limits on official rationales for repression .
Civilians may not be targeted ; the principle of proportionality requires the avoidance of excessive force in pursuing a legitimate military objective ; and prisoners must be treated humanely .
We know that it is not possible to attain global peace unless we establish sustainable peace in the Middle East , which requires resolving the Palestinian question .
But , with no single all-powerful leader , it will be hard for any successor to force through the difficult decisions required by such an orientation .
Securing Afghanistan and its region will require an international presence for many years .
Only a regional and global agreement to place Afghanistan 's stability above other objectives can make long-term stability possible by enabling Afghanistan to survive with security forces that it can afford . Such agreement , however , will require political and diplomatic initiatives both inside and outside of the country .
This objective requires more than `` pressuring '' Pakistan .
A successful initiative will require exploratory talks and an evolving road map .
Indeed , economic theory suggests that the interest-rate differential should be offset on average by depreciation of the currency with the higher interest rate , the differential thus reflecting the compensation required by investors to hold money in relatively risky currencies .
That requires instituting 24-hour press operations centers and elevating Internet operations and other channels to the status of traditional twentieth-century press relations .
It will require less reliance on the traditional print media , just as the publics of the US and the world are relying less on newspapers .
Some officials even require journalists to sign contracts mandating favorable coverage of government activities .
The second response to climate change , called `` adaptation , '' requires that we ready ourselves for the climate change now underway and the increased climate change to come in future years .
Such assessments require establishing and maintaining a system of high-level and high-quality scientific advising .
All societies require an effective government that can provide vital and irreplaceable public services and infrastructure .
To understand why requires taking a long-term view of geopolitics , particularly the gradual decline of US and European global domination .
But realism in international economic affairs requires accepting that official development assistance can help achieve the broad political objectives of stability and democracy only in the long run .
This will require massive investments in new technologies and resources , not a `` fight to the finish '' over Middle East oil .
This type of aid does not require long studies , but quick action .
All of that investment requires plans and years of implementation . Aid can not be a guessing game .
Mastering the subject requires expertise in many scientific fields , including climatology , oceanography , atmospheric chemistry , ecology , engineering , politics , and economics .
Years are required for each major IPCC report , including the `` Fourth Assessment Report , '' which was completed this year .
The weak and only partly implemented Kyoto Protocol expires in 2012 , and the world requires a much stronger framework , one that sets a strong target for stabilizing greenhouse gases by 2050 by including agreements on ending tropical deforestation , developing high-mileage automobiles , and shifting to low CO2-emitting power plants .
Governments have signed treaties to limit the damage , but they are not acting on those promises with the urgency required , in part because they do not understand the underlying scientific challenges .
Doing so requires balancing many concerns .
As a result , many more votes were recorded by the ECK for the presidential race than for the parliamentary race , even though voters were clearly instructed -- indeed required -- to cast a vote in both races .
Yet the technologies are not yet ready , and we ca n't simply wait for the market to deliver them , because they require complex changes in public policy to ensure that they are safe , reliable , and acceptable to the broad public .
All of this will require a new global approach to problem solving .
History has shown that government action is required to help the poorest farmers escape the low-yield poverty trap .
Global solutions to poverty , food production , and development of new clean energy technology will require annual investments of roughly $ 350 billion , or 1 % of GNP of the rich world .
The challenges faced by a major power like the US require rigorous analysis of information according to the best scientific principles .
Can the United States still afford a suburban lifestyle , with sprawling homes in far-flung communities that require long-distance automobile commutes ?
All of these technologies will require public funding alongside private investment .
Such loans , of course , would require a major global initiative , at a time when even blue-chip companies can not borrow overnight , much less for 25 years !
Recovery will require major shifts in trade imbalances , technologies , and public budgets .
Each should understand the basic directions of change that will be required at the national level and globally , and all nations must share in the deployment of new sustainable technologies and in the co-financing of global responsibilities , such as increased investments in African infrastructure .
The Spanish Government rightly proposed that true solutions to poverty require simultaneous investments in health , education , agriculture , and infrastructure , and then the Spanish put up the funds to help make that integrated vision a practical reality .
A Breakthrough Against Hunger NEW YORK -- Today 's world hunger crisis is unprecedentedly severe and requires urgent measures .
This is not easy to do . Most infrastructure investment requires public-sector leadership to forge partnerships with the private sector .
Lasting solutions will require partnerships between government , business , and civil society , which can be hard to negotiate and manage , since these different sectors of society often have little or no experience in dealing with each other and may mistrust each other considerably .
Yet lasting solutions to water challenges require a broad range of expert knowledge about climate , ecology , farming , population , engineering , economics , community politics , and local cultures .
Addressing the problem of climate change requires reducing emissions of carbon dioxide from fossil fuels , which in turn involves choices in technology , some of which already exists and much of which needs to be developed .
Achieving a new generation of electric vehicles will require a decade of public and private partnership to achieve basic technological development -LRB- such as improved batteries -RRB- , a more robust electric grid , new infrastructure for re-charging the automobiles , and much more .
Where the benefits are unlikely to accrue to private investors , who should pay for the early demonstration models , which will require billions of dollars ?
Yet all of this requires a national plan , not simply a numerical target for emissions reduction .
All of these sectors will require new ways of competing and cooperating with the others .
To ratify a treaty requires the support of 67 of the Senate 's 100 members , a nearly impossible hurdle .
Under the US Constitution , domestic legislation -LRB- as opposed to international treaties -RRB- requires a simple majority in both the House of Representatives and the Senate to be sent to the president for signature .
A breakthrough will require a major change in direction .
Each sector requires a five-year recovery strategy with a clear budget and clear lines of partnership and responsibility linking the Haitian government , non-governmental organizations , and institutional donors , especially governments and international agencies .
There should be one major multi-donor bank account to finance the heavy outlays required for Haiti 's recovery .
Third , the world 's leaders should recognize that commitments to fight poverty , hunger , disease , and climate change are life-and-death issues that require professional management for serious implementation .
To do so would require calling for higher taxes , and that -- as George H. W. Bush learned in 1992 -- is no way to get re-elected .
That requires equipping workers with a good education , strong on-the-job training , and supportive infrastructure .
I noted to him that the region urgently requires a development strategy , not a military approach .
To be sure , we should support economic growth and development , but only in a broader context : one that promotes environmental sustainability and the values of compassion and honesty that are required for social trust .
What globalization requires , therefore , are smart government policies .
Any viable solution requires that the following conditions be satisfied :
But a high-tech economy also requires strong universities , with high enrolment , and large-scale government support for scientific research .
This is a worthy and urgent goal , but its realization will require significant changes in rich-country policies , particularly in the United States itself .
For these countries , which tend to be among the world 's richest , continued competitiveness requires an excellent system of technological innovation .
Of course globalization requires international governance and rules .
Rather than rich countries giving more lectures about poor governance , real solutions will require that rich countries give sufficient financial assistance to overcome the deeper barriers .
Controlling disease requires a health system that can deliver life-saving medications and basic preventive services such as bed-nets to fight malaria and vitamins to fight nutritional deficiencies .
Successful globalization requires that we think more like doctors and less like preachers .
Compromise is therefore difficult even among moderates : it requires a belief that moderation on one side will be met by moderation on the other .
But enforcement of this compromise against extremists will require putting credible and well-armed international peacekeepers in place to hold the parties to the deal .
He declared in London recently that `` the credibility of the UN depends on a willingness to keep its word and to act when action is required . ''
These challenges - petroleum scarcity , growing instability in the Middle East , and climate change - require clear thinking .
At the heart of the budget is the realization that reducing poverty requires both rapid economic growth and targeted investments aimed at the poorest of the poor .
Instead of hearing more lectures from the IMF about cutting budgets , poor countries need larger budgets to pay for the required investments - roads , power supplies , ports , schools , and health clinics - to jump-start economic growth .
Yet they require global partnership between the rich and poor countries of the world .
The effort to reduce greenhouse gases will require decades of action , but , given the long lead times in overhauling the world 's energy systems , we must start now .
In order to thrive , and to foster the private-sector investment needed for long-term growth , an economy requires functioning health and education systems , investments in soil nutrients and water management , and basic infrastructure such as electricity and motorized transport .
Only after being re-elected did they begin to explain that large budget deficits , caused mainly by lower tax revenues , would require sharp cuts in social security , health care spending , and other areas .
This will require a shift to renewable energy sources such as solar power , and perhaps nuclear power , as well as new technologies to capture carbon dioxide at power plants and then to dispose of the carbon dioxide in safe underground deposits .
It will require similar audacity if it is to turn its moribund economy around .
It requires more schools and fewer guns ; more universities and fewer aircraft carriers .
Strong US leadership is required to push the WTO in this direction while avoiding an EU-style future -LRB- regulatory overload -RRB- or a UN-style future -LRB- an irrelevant talking shop -RRB- .
But collective energy security requires increasing the EU 's ability to face -- and face down -- external energy challenges .
One task facing Europe now is to make that Russian bear hug less exclusive , which will require a coordinated and sustained effort between the EU 's member states and their neighbors on the question of external energy security .
While `` fairness '' may well be in the eyes of the beholder , in some cases , the host country may not have had the expertise required to negotiate the best possible deal -- a frequent situation when MNEs negotiate with the least developed countries -LRB- the world 's 50 poorest countries , most of them in sub-Saharan Africa -RRB- .
The ICAF would function like an escrow account into which the firm pays the funds required for the host country to hire a negotiating team .
The escrow account manager then invites the country to select a team , suggesting what skills are required and perhaps even providing a roster of experts .
For outward FDI , protectionism involves measures that require domestic companies to repatriate assets or operations to the home country , or that discourage certain types of new investments abroad .
These two traits , although they seem to conflict , and are certainly different from the values of American and British conservatives , nonetheless form a sound basis for a realistic pragmatism and the shunning of ideological politics - which is precisely the politics that Germany now requires .
And , when the right type of forces and capabilities do exist , operations led by the United Nations , the European Union , or ad hoc coalitions , as well as national requirements , place additional demands on these assets .
That , in turn , requires a society and a leadership that seeks to be exemplary in all ways that make human beings more human , including respect for truthfulness , openness , tolerance , and people 's right to disagree with their government .
Their success inevitably requires directly confronting their evident moral failures .
Though this environment may not be fundamentally at risk , the current trend towards increasing capital requirements for international banks -- reflected , for example , in calls for the establishment of independent subsidiaries with autonomous capital and liquidity pools -- is clearly worrisome .
In addition , reliable risk prediction models are required to learn more about the combined effect of certain patterns of susceptibility factors on overall lifetime risk and response to therapy , including their role as objects of targeted therapies .
Minimalist solutions respond to neither the expectations of the citizens nor the requirements of a rapidly changing world .
Convergence is on the way , but minimizing its global costs requires redesigning the Bretton Woods institutions to meet the challenges faced by emerging countries .
Smart trade requires two key provisions : core labor rights , backed up by tough enforcement , and a development fund targeting infrastructure and education to boost competitiveness .
China deserves better ; it requires better in order to reclaim the glory that was China .
Moreover , nationalizing banks would have required dismissing Wall Street captains and their boards for grossly mismanaging their firms .
The ESDP does not necessarily require Security Council authorization as a condition for its missions , and it retains an independent role in executing them .
Creating these retail products will require time , experimentation , and some real innovation .
This is why private crop insurers are in short supply , and why crop insurance often requires expensive government subsidies .
At the same time , the application of risk-management technology , insurance , and finance requires little of stretched foreign-aid budgets : a relatively small number of office workers , cell phones , and computers .
Inflation futures appear to be gaining hold in part because the new contract is traded on an efficient electronic market -LRB- the Globex system -RRB- that allows futures contracts to get going without the initial splash that is required by open-outcry pit-based futures markets .
Adhering to the gold standard during the Great Depression implied a deflationary monetary-policy bias , since it required keeping interest rates relatively high to encourage investors to hold deposits in banks rather than demanding the gold that backed them .
Both were random hits generated by sudden shifts in investor confidence ; both represented big setbacks that required years to recover from fully .
All that is required is that growth in housing supply eventually outstrips investors ' faith in capitalism to sustain faster growth in demand .
Governments and insurance companies implement better safety requirements in response to construction accidents .
For example , we need stronger consumer protection for retail financial products , stricter disclosure requirements for new securities , and better-designed vehicles for hedging risks .
The public response to the book 's description of unsanitary conditions in the industry was so strong that the United States Congress enacted the Pure Food and Drug Act -- the first law to require labeling of contents on food packages -- the very same year .
Indeed , the scandal set in motion a sequence of laws in countries around the world that today require food labeling to go beyond mere lists of ingredients to include information about the vitamins , minerals , and calories that products contain .
For today we need laws that will require purveyors of financial products to provide the essential information that consumers need .
Of course , existing regulations require that a significant amount of information be disclosed in prospectuses for financial products .
This requirement is analogous to that of nutrition labeling , which does not allow listing of nutritional quantities that are not significant in the usual serving size .
Including such statements in the disclosure is analogous to the requirement that food labels contain a full list of nutritional factors per serving , rather than merely a featured list that the producer might try to add in order to promote the product .
The only reason that such labeling has not yet been required is the same reason that nutritional labels were not required long ago on foods .
A successful economy , Bush argued , requires that people learn to take responsibility for their actions , and policies aimed at boosting home ownership would inculcate this virtue on a broader scale .
We know enough about risk perception to recognize that helping people cope with the risks of modern life requires addressing their hearts as well as their heads .
Whereas agreements require hard work on both sides , the Americans are having a difficult time negotiating their country 's domestic political obstacles in time to engage effectively with China .
But substantive agreements on climate change , the financial crisis , or North Korea would require both countries to take actions that could be domestically costly .
Overnight , Warangal was converted to a cotton-growing district based on non-renewable hybrids that require irrigation and are prone to pest attacks .
Dealing effectively with political instability in Africa requires two things : the political will of key states to underwrite the democratic process , and strong regional institutions to provide a legal framework reflecting the principles underpinning states ' behavior .
Yet the mantle of a regional power sometimes requires using that leverage for the greater good of the region .
Some research suggested that fees might be useful in decentralizing education -- a laudable goal -- and in helping poor countries to `` live within their means '' -LRB- a nasty requirement in an age of global prosperity -RRB- .
Building democratic structures requires time , discipline , pain , and patience .
Above all , we understand that sustained reform requires assuming responsibility by mobilizing the energy of one 's own people , not relying on well-intentioned but often ill-focused outside help .
Energy security , climate change , the rise of China , and the revival of Russia are among the many issues that require effective responses .
The lack of a direct relationship with Europe 's people deprives these bodies of the pressure required to bring about rapid action and responsive policies .
Bolstering democracy , however , requires emphasizing the political dimension and public debate that is free and open to all .
More generally , however the problem of the Irish referendum result is addressed , the EU will gradually acquire its definitive shape on the basis of the ongoing problems that it must address , because as the dimensions of these problems grow , their management will require solid and durable forms of cooperation .
The outcome could be a genetic `` arms race '' that leads to taller and taller children , with significant environmental costs in the additional consumption required to fuel larger human beings .
But avoiding this outcome will not be easy , for it will require that selection for genetic enhancement is either available to no one or accessible to everyone .
The first option would require coercion , and -- since countries will not accept that others should gain a competitive edge -- an international agreement to forego the benefits that genetic enhancement can bring .
The second option , universal access , would require an unprecedented level of social assistance for the poor , and extraordinarily difficult decisions about what to subsidize .
As the administrator of the US Agency for International Development , Tobias implemented the Bush administration 's policy that requires organizations working against HIV\/AIDS to condemn prostitution if they are to be eligible for US assistance .
The legislation , which still has to pass through the House of Representatives , would require health insurance plans provided by employers to cover treatment for mental illness at a level similar to coverage for general health care . -LRB- Unfortunately , the legislation will do nothing for the 47 million Americans who have no health insurance at all . -RRB-
It may not even know which of its projects fail , because evaluating them , and learning from mistakes , requires staff -- and that adds to administrative costs .
However , it soon became apparent that the task required more than part-time attention , and the following year , after raising $ 300,000 from their colleagues , Karnofsky and Hassenfeld left their jobs and began working full-time for GiveWell and its associated grant-making body , The Clear Fund .
Canada 's taxpayers are not required to support the religious beliefs held by their fellow-citizens .
If you earn less than $ 100,000 , you do n't have to give away anything at all , and if you earn , say , $ 110,000 , you would be required to give away only $ 1,000 -- less than 1 % of your income .
Bush 's excessively literal interpretation of the requirements of honesty conceals a deeper dishonesty whose consequences have been far more morally serious .
Hollis and Pogge estimate that about $ 6 billion a year would be required to enable the Fund to provide a sufficient incentive for drug companies to register products that target the diseases of the poor .
Taking the several inconvenient and sometimes unpleasant steps required to have a child together by means of IVF can be , and often is , the result of a much more deliberate and reciprocally loving act than sexual intercourse .
If we succeed , the behavior we judge to be better will become habitual -- and thus no longer require a conscious act of will to keep acting in that way .
Well-known University of Pennsylvania bioethicist Art Caplan says that the achievement ranks as a discovery of historic significance , because it `` would seem to extinguish the argument that life requires a special force or power to exist . ''
The financial-reform law passed by the United States Congress last month requires improved transparency from banks and other financial-services firms .
Moreover , thanks to the hard work of Oxfam America and the Publish What You Pay coalition , the law also requires oil and mining companies -- both US and foreign -- that want to raise capital in the US to disclose their payments to the governments of countries in which they operate .
Regulations for slaughter generally require that animals be rendered instantly unconscious before they are killed , or death should be brought about instantaneously , or , in the case of ritual slaughter , as close to instantaneously as the religious doctrine allows .
There is no humane slaughter requirement for wild fish caught and killed at sea , nor , in most places , for farmed fish .
To make sustainable progress in reducing extreme poverty will require improvements in both the quantity and quality of aid .
More significantly , in a speech in Mumbai earlier this year , he laid out requirements for legitimizing Marange diamonds that included some assurance that `` the revenues from the diamond sales are distributed legally and in a way that reasonably and fairly benefits the people of Zimbabwe . ''
For the past two years , almost all gambling in Norway has required the use of an electronic card .
Whether these precautionary principles are satisfied in Libya requires expert judgment of the specifics of the situation .
But these are questions that the international community needs to ask , and that the Security Council should have been discussing , so that the principle of the responsibility to protect -- and its possible implications for military action -- become part of our understanding of the requirements of international law and global ethics .
If the evidence can not be provided , stunning before slaughter will be required in the Netherlands .
Trying to reduce them to a single number will require some difficult value judgments .
Two out of five US Fortune 500 companies outsource their software requirements to India .
Above all , Israel must wonder if the peace treaty with Egypt will hold , and , if not , how to carry out the massive restructuring of its defense posture that will be required .
This requires the US to be seen as siding with the public 's demand for change , yet to avoid being identified with political immobility .
But , given increasing capacity utilization in the export industries , as well as higher investment requirements owing to the normal capital replacement cycle , domestic investment demand is now also rising .
They will have to brace themselves for an extensive period of diminished expectations that will last much longer than the next economic boom , and that will require substantial structural changes in the US economy .
In the next few decades , the biggest challenge for the world will be peace , because the changing economic power structure will require corresponding political changes , which the US , as the incumbent superpower , will not easily accept .
Markets encourage the required debt discipline in a timelier manner by charging higher interest rates on government debt .
Indeed , this year , two countries , Greece and Ireland , were bailed out by the rest of the EU , even though Article 125 of the consolidated EU treaty stipulates that no member state is to stand in for the debt of another , a guarantee that Germany required as a pre-condition for giving up its beloved Deutschmark .
Without the additional money that GIPS central banks created in excess of their countries ' requirements for internal circulation , trade deficits could not have been sustained , and the GIPS ' commercial banks would have been unable to prop up asset prices -LRB- which all too often were those of government bonds -RRB- .
Some central banks , such as the Bank of England in its unsuccessful fight against George Soros in 1992 , got burned ; when it became clear how much money was required to buck the market , the policy was abandoned .
The sums required for this could ultimately run into trillions , according to an estimate by Citibank .
The directive contains safeguards to limit potential abuse of welfare-state benefits during the first five years , including proof of health insurance coverage and a requirement that sufficient `` resources '' be shown when a residence permit of up to five years is requested .
In theory , the resource requirement must be tailored to the individual circumstances of the immigrant .
In practice , however , financial means in the form of assets or regular income are uniformly required from all immigrants , regardless of their individual characteristics .
But Afghan Defense Minister Abdul Rahim Wardak subsequently said that resolution of the conflict required a `` political settlement '' with the Taliban .
The prudential supervision regime initiated by the Bank of Spain in response to the Spanish banking crises of the 1980 's and 1990 's shows what a sensible middle way might look like . Spanish banks are required to increase their deposits in proportion to their lending and set aside capital against assets in their off-balance sheets .
It requires political theory , not econometrics .
According to the statute that established the ICC , the prosecutor is required to ensure that any prosecution is in the interests of the victims as well as of justice .
Instead , the reform proposals have opted for a mixture of higher capital requirements for leading banks and pre-funding of deposit insurance by a special levy on banks .
There seems to be little appetite for proposals to vary capital adequacy requirements counter-cyclically .
Similarly , banks would have incentives to `` game '' capital-adequacy requirements by manipulating how capital and assets are defined .
LONDON -- From next year , on swearing allegiance to the Queen , all members of Britain 's House of Lords -- and I am one of them -- will be required to sign a written commitment to honesty and integrity .
A free society requires a high degree of trust to reduce the burden of monitoring and control , and trust requires internalized standards of honor , truthfulness , and fairness .
A new portfolio of regulations would increase banks ' capital requirements , limit the debt that they could take on , and establish a Consumer Financial Protection Agency to protect nave borrowers against predatory lending .
The full competition and information requirements ensure that all contracts are uncoerced -LRB- there is no monopoly power -RRB- and all expectations are fulfilled , i.e. , people get what they want .
This also fuels opposition to government intervention , and to `` stimulus '' policies , which are supposedly redundant , if not harmful , since the events that require them can not happen -LRB- but do -RRB- .
Finally , the reduction of governments ' borrowing requirements `` might '' have a beneficial effect on output in the long run , owing to lower long-term interest rates .
In John Kenneth Galbraith 's summary : `` Either from a shortage of borrowers , an unwillingness to lend , or an overriding desire to be liquid -- undoubtedly it was some of all three -- the banks accumulated reserves in excess of requirements .
Reserves of member banks at Fed were $ 256 million more than required in 1932 ; $ 528 million in 1933 , $ 1.6 billion in 1934 , $ 2.6 billion in 1936 . ''
It has interests to protect , and this often requires supporting unsavory regimes .
But there is also a more troubling possibility : if , by proceeding on our current profligate path , we succeed in making natural resources scarce , we will require a new wave of technology , regardless of the cost , to rescue us from calamity .
Then we would require only a certain amount of work -- much less than we perform now -- to satisfy all reasonable needs .
To be sure , living by Mill 's principle often requires protecting the rights of unsavory characters .
Any credible bailout plan must require creditor banks to accept that they will lose at least half of their money .
Under an international agreement known as Basel III , banks are to be required to hold a higher ratio of equity capital against `` risk-weighted assets , '' and leverage is to be limited to a smaller percentage of such assets .
National regulators are exploring ways to vary ratio requirements over the business cycle , and have started subjecting banks to regular `` stress tests . ''
But , when it comes to upping equity requirements against `` risk-weighted assets , '' who is to do the weighting , and according to what methodology ?
In the overwhelming majority of cases , those resources fall far short of what is required to successfully intervene in a crisis .
It is up to those members -- to all of our governments - to provide both the necessary will and the required resources .
A viable international financial system requires a mechanism to keep imbalances in check .
Paradoxically , some deem human rights to be wholly inefficacious where their recognition is most required .
Instead of introducing more legislation that is tainted both in the popular imagination and in its utility , Britain could , after all , trust its constitution to act as and when required to safeguard liberty and fair play .
Even with large 3-MW turbines , this would require more than 400,000 new tall towers and giant triple blades .
The demands of solidarity are even more difficult to sustain when they require inter-state redistribution .
This will require that America recognize the validity of Europe 's view of the Israel-Palestinian conflict as the major roadblock toward a peaceful Middle East .
Banks serve a special function in the economy that does warrant a special role for the government : not in setting pay , but in imposing effective capital requirements .
Higher and pro-cyclical equity-capital requirements on banks , combined with a requirement to raise contingent long-term debt -- debt that converts into equity in a crisis -- is a better way forward .
Regulators might consider imposing pro-cyclical equity requirements -- increasing the equity percentage in boom times in order to offset losses in the inevitable bust times .
In addition , regulators should require banks to issue an additional amount of capital -- say , 10 % -- in the form of long-term debt that is forced to convert into equity if the bank and the overall banking system get into financial difficulty .
Over time , however , the interest-rate premium is likely to be small , because higher capital requirements and contingent capital should significantly reduce the likelihood of ever reaching the triggers .
Managing energy requires taking into account technical , political , and economic dimensions simultaneously .
Energy exploration and production requires many different disciplines and technologies -- eolic -LRB- wind -RRB- , photovoltaic , nuclear , coal , etc. .
This geographical imbalance requires an ordered system of trade , clear regulations , and a well-structured global market .
Today , however , opaque bilateral agreements abound , and very different environmental requirements and contradictory subsidies coexist .
That task requires patience and strategic perseverance .
This is a good sign for a world with different power centers and interests , with resources and legitimacy remaining tied to the nation-state , but in which challenges -LRB- climate change , armed conflicts , pandemics , and transnational crime -RRB- are global and , therefore , require cooperation among states .
Establishing joint management and overhauling conventional defense capacities will be a two-pronged challenge : functional , owing to the traditional schema of defense organizations , and political , inasmuch as a cession of state sovereignty will be required .
Maintaining our economy requires migration and open EU borders -- and facing down the populist movements in Europe that would shun `` outsiders . ''
The EU appears to have decided that the world will be one of Great Power rivalry , and that this requires a power-politics approach to global governance .
Several countries , including Costa Rica , Norway , and New Zealand , have pledged carbon neutrality , which in turn will require investment and employment in carbon-friendly sectors .
Meeting the challenge of climate change will require a new development model that combines reduced emissions with a better future for the vast majority of people and the opportunity to earn a living in a decent job .
The IMF has required that Brazil run a `` primary surplus '' -LRB- i.e. interest on government debt is excluded in the budget calculations -RRB- of 3.75 % on its budget .
The Washington Consensus starts by asking how big a budget surplus is needed in order to keep indebtedness within bounds ; the higher the interest rates , the bigger the required surplus .
This may require some international credit enhancements or guarantees .
Boosting their prospects will be crucial to sustained prosperity on the continent , and will require implementing inclusive policies to ensure that Roma enjoy the post-transition benefits of open , free-market economies .
Georgia itself needs all the help it can get , which requires an emergency action plan different from the others .
The terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , required a strong response .
A better understanding of the concept of open society requires that promoting freedom and democracy and promoting American values and interests be distinguished .
But intervention in other states ' internal affairs must be legitimate , which requires clearly established rules .
Most importantly , the war on terror has diverted attention from other urgent tasks that require American leadership , such as finishing the job that we correctly began in Afghanistan , addressing the looming global energy crisis , and dealing with nuclear proliferation .
It proceeded step by step , setting limited objectives with limited timetables , knowing full well that each step would prove inadequate and require a further step .
We must abandon Popper 's tacit assumption that political discourse aims at a better understanding of reality and reintroduce it as an explicit requirement .
The separation of powers , free speech , and free elections alone can not ensure open society ; a strong commitment to the pursuit of truth is also required .
No Licenses to Kill NEW YORK -- In the last year , we endured a remarkable experience ; after the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers in September 2008 , financial markets actually collapsed and required artificial life support .
Second , controlling asset bubbles requires control not only of the money supply , but also of the availability of credit .
The best-known tools for this are margin requirements and minimum capital requirements .
The negative effect is reinforced by the fact that , because CDS contracts are tradable , they tend to be priced as warrants , which can be sold at any time , rather than as options , which would require an actual default to be cashed in .
The globalization of financial markets that took place since the 1980 's allowed financial capital to move freely around the world , making it difficult to tax or regulate . This put financial capital in a privileged position : governments had to pay more attention to the requirements of international capital than to the aspirations of their own people .
There are some international agreements , notably the Basel Accords on minimum capital requirements ; and there is also good cooperation among market regulators .
The proposed green fund would meet this requirement .
All that is lacking is the political will . The mere fact that tapping SDRs requires Congressional approval in the US ensures that nothing will happen without public pressure -- including pressure from the developing countries .
Requiring derivatives and synthetic securities to be registered would be a simple and effective measure ; yet the legislation currently under consideration in the US contains no such requirement .
Banks would suffer severe losses on exchange rates and require large injections of public funds .
Instead , European law requires an individual determination that deportation is necessary and proportionate to the crime committed , as well as consideration of other circumstances -LRB- such as the strength of the individual 's ties to the community -RRB- .
But realizing that hope requires keeping pace with global warming , and that means speeding up the process of putting a price -- or prices -- on carbon emissions .
This induced banks that were obliged to hold riskless assets in order to meet their liquidity requirements to earn a few extra basis points by loading up on the weaker countries ' sovereign debt .
Moreover , the competitiveness requirements demanded by Germany will be imposed on an uneven playing field , putting deficit countries in an untenable position , one that might even drag down Spain , which entered the euro crisis with a lower debt ratio than Germany .
Two fundamental modifications are required .
If European regulators can agree on this requirement for all extractive-industry companies listed on their stock exchanges , this transparency norm will be applied to companies regardless of where their headquarters are located .
That law 's requirement that companies fully disclose their revenue streams by country and by project applies to 90 % of international oil and gas companies and to eight of the ten largest mining companies .
If the EU were to require companies to publish detailed information regarding production and operational numbers , financial and accounting balances , and payments to authorities , companies would become truly accountable to citizens , and government revenues would be augmented .
Now the world must look to the G-20 summit in Cannes this November to make an unequivocal commitment to the reporting requirements needed , given that important emerging economies such as Brazil , India , and China , as well as South Africa and other resource-rich African countries , will be at the table .
A group of farsighted statesmen , inspired by the vision of a United States of Europe , recognized that this ideal could be approached only gradually , by setting limited objectives , mobilizing the political will needed to achieve them , and concluding treaties that required states to surrender only as much sovereignty as they could bear politically .
That is how the post-war Coal and Steel Community was transformed into the EU -- one step at a time , understanding that each step was incomplete and would require further steps in due course .
That means strengthening the eurozone , which would probably require wider use of Eurobonds and a eurozone-wide deposit-insurance scheme of some kind .
Generating the political will would require a Plan B for the EU itself .
This would require intense debate and soul-searching , particularly in Germany , which , as the EU 's largest and best-rated economy , has been thrust into the position of deciding the future of Europe .
-LRB- The last two requirements would apply even if no country defaulted . -RRB-
This would require a new treaty , transforming the European Financial Stability Facility -LRB- EFSF -RRB- into a full-fledged treasury .
But market fundamentalists are wrong in claiming that eliminating moral hazard is all that is required to put the international financial system on a sound footing .
? The Basle Accord , which sets internationally agreed capital requirements for commercial banks , could translate the IMF ratings into variations in capital requirements ;
Instead of imposing requirements , it would be much better to provide resources to enable poor countries to comply on a voluntary basis .
A full solution for this problem , which requires new incentives to foster research into drugs needed by less developed countries , is beyond the capacity of the WTO .
Of course , military intervention for purposes beyond defending one 's country remains possible , but requires a UN Security Council resolution .
But the fullest possible information in executing trades is a necessary condition : hence the imposition of pre-trade -LRB- posting orders and prices -RRB- and post-trade transparency for intermediaries trading on their own account with retail investors - a requirement that has been firmly opposed by all the states where the relevant `` internalizers '' reside .
Thus , while certain necessary requirements for the existence of a single European financial market have been established , they are far from sufficient , at least at the retail level .
This is not so much because further top-down measures are needed , but because market failures hamper the required bottom-up drive .
Re-regulation and international efforts to coordinate policy responses may eventually reduce the potential for instability , but will require the work to be finished and tested before real confidence is generated .
Put bluntly , large and profitable financial institutions will find a way to get the regulatory system they want -- one that is compatible with a highly profitable trading super-structure that goes beyond the requirements of hedging and seeks to maximize short-term gains .
Rigorous disclosure requirements that include conflicts of interest are one way to limit the potential damage .
This approach has the added advantage of preventing different risk profiles and their appropriate capital requirements from getting mixed up in the same entity and balance sheet .
But a move in this direction does involve some degree of fiscal centralization . And it probably would require that the EU be able to issue sovereign debt .
That will involve a loss of full fiscal sovereignty , but facing up to that reality is required to sustain the monetary union .
A favorable outcome also requires industrial countries ' ability and willingness to accommodate the growing size and prominence of emerging economies .
Such a world requires better global governance , as well as overdue institutional reforms that give emerging economies proper voice and representation in international institutions .
Let us hope that these global issues receive the attention they require .
We are about to get a comprehensive package of re-regulation focused on capital requirements and leverage , transparency , ratings and other sources of information , incentives , conflicts of interest and limits on the scope of financial firms , consumer protection , and resolution mechanisms .
By contrast , developed country policymakers ' default stance seems to be that proactive or preemptive measures require a high degree of certainty , owing to a deep-seated belief that financial markets are stable and self-regulating .
These conditions had all the makings of a depression scenario , with credit rationing destroying businesses indiscriminately , and thus required fast , aggressive , and unconventional action by the US government and the Federal Reserve .
The Bush and Obama administrations both understood that wise policymaking in crisis circumstances requires selecting the least bad option , accepting the inevitable anger and criticism , and implementing the decision quickly .
Restoring balance and eliminating the distortions will require time , investment , and structural change , and should be the central focus of America 's economic policy .
That must be fixed , which requires that competitiveness become the central focus of longer-term US economic policy -- the sooner , the better .
In the US , a subset of policymakers believes that weakening growth and high unemployment require a policy response .
A minimal requirement for G-20 progress is that policies in emerging and advanced countries that have significant external effects are discussed and , if possible , agreed upon in advance .
America needs to expand its share in external global demand , which requires public-sector investment , structural change , and improved competitiveness in the tradable sector .
Guiding global interdependence in a way that ameliorates negative distributional trends is possible , but it will require wisdom and insight .
Sustained high growth is enabled by and requires engagement with the global economy that goes beyond simply being able to produce for a potentially massive export market .
Fourth , regulatory structures will need to be rebuilt , and this will require a global effort .
To support this shift , much is required .
The move to higher-value-added links of domestic and global supply chains will require more effective education and expanded investment in the economy 's intellectual and technological underpinnings .
While wages and incomes are rising now and appear to have broken the iron grip of the surplus labor pool , the growth pattern requires this structural demand-side shift toward more disposable income , greater government consumption , and high-return investment .
Changing that pattern will require a restructured financial system that allocates savings efficiently , based on fiscal and capital-market discipline and corporate-governance reform .
And strengthening the US export sector requires overcoming some significant structural and competitive barriers .
Above all , this will require structural change and greater competitiveness in an expanded tradable sector .
Combined with elevated capital requirements for banks , it would reduce the chance of another simultaneous failure of all credit channels .
But in the long term , sustaining it will require far-sighted public policies and investments in hard and soft infrastructure to support the private sector 's high capacity for innovation .
A policy agenda in the US that is overloaded , overwhelmingly domestically focused , and partially paralyzed will mean a lack of attention to global issues that require cooperation and compromise , including the international dimensions of financial reform .
In short , the sort of monetary policy now being practiced for a fragile economy like the US will cause distortions in the global economy that require policy responses in many other countries .
President Saakashvili seems to understand the necessity of reviving Georgia 's moribund economy , which requires , first and foremost , political stability .
These efforts will require far-reaching reforms . What is required is de-politicized fiscal and macroeconomic surveillance , stricter and more binding budgetary rules , smoother recourse to sanctions for breaching them , and close co-ordination of economic policies .
Indeed , reducing the current high debt levels in the euro area will require substantial consolidation .
Such sanctions should begin to be imposed when governments fail to meet minimum requirements for attaining medium-term objectives .
Some have proposed establishing a new institution for crisis management , which would most likely require a treaty change .
I came to realize that the political answer to this crisis must encompass more than improved regulatory regimes , risk-management strategies , and capital requirements .
What is needed is not rhetoric , but levelheaded efforts to find practical and forward-looking solutions to key issues on which regional and international cooperation is urgently required .
Sustained economic growth requires , everywhere , the accumulation of physical and human capital , as well as the acquisition of technological capabilities .
At this point , a democratic transition will most likely require that the army play a more active role in protecting protesters .
Great civil-society protest movements -- such as have occurred in Egypt and Tunisia -- can overthrow a dictatorship , but a true democracy requires parties , negotiations , election rules , and agreement on constitutional changes .
In most successful transitions , the first step toward forging the unity required to create an interim government is taken when the diverse groups begin to meet more often , develop common strategies , and issue collective statements .
Like religion , the nation-state myth requires a leap of faith .
As the philosopher Peter Singer showed in his book One World , a united front against the biggest problems facing the world will require a fundamental shift in attitude -- away from parochialism and toward a redefinition of self-interest .
Growth requires financial institutions that lend to domestic firms .
So it is essential to ensure that everyone can live up to their potential , which requires educational opportunities for all .
A modern economy also requires risk-taking .
Right now , I cast my vote for the latter , especially since the huge debt legacy is likely to dampen enthusiasm for the big stimulus that is required .
Fiscal policy was required . But not all fiscal policies are equivalent .
The legacy of underinvestment in technology and infrastructure , especially of the green kind , and the growing divide between the rich and the poor , requires congruence between short-run spending and a long-term vision .
Have those who pushed deregulation ten years ago learned their lesson ? Or will they simply push for cosmetic reforms -- the minimum required to justify the mega-trillion dollar bailouts ?
This is bad news for the rest of the world , too , for a strong global recovery requires a strong American economy .
This global crisis requires a global response , but , unfortunately , responsibility for responding remains at the national level .
Too Big to Live NEW YORK -- A global controversy is raging : what new regulations are required to restore confidence in the financial system and ensure that a new crisis does not erupt a few years down the line .
Where this is not possible , it means stringently restricting what they can do and imposing higher taxes and capital-adequacy requirements , thereby helping level the playing field .
That is why King , Paul Volcker , the United Nations Commission of Experts on Reforms of the International Monetary and Financial System , and a host of others are right about the need to curb the big banks . What is required is a multi-prong approach , including special taxes , increased capital requirements , tighter supervision , and limits on size and risk-taking activities .
But this requires a substantial increase in assistance at a time when the paltry levels of aid provided by rich countries continue to fall .
Implementing the scheme will not require the support of every major developed country . This is important because the US might oppose any plan that undermines demand for Treasury bills -LRB- and thus its guaranteed access to low-cost financing -RRB- .
This much is clear : addressing the plight of the world 's poorest countries and providing the global public goods needed in this age of globalization requires us to explore innovative ways of raising the necessary financing .
The `` minimally '' fair allocation to the developing countries requires equal emission rights per capita .
-LRB- Since it began revaluing its exchange rate in July 2005 , the adjustment has been half or more of what most experts think is required . -RRB-
The euro was an interesting experiment , but , like the almost-forgotten exchange-rate mechanism -LRB- ERM -RRB- that preceded it and fell apart when speculators attacked the British pound in 1992 , it lacks the institutional support required to make it work .
Banks will have to recognize the losses and , if necessary , find the additional capital to meet reserve requirements .
The government may pretend that it has not experienced a capital loss , because , unlike banks , it is not required to use mark-to-market accounting .
This will require considerable restructuring of their economies , but China and India are both dynamic , and proved their resilience in their response to the Great Recession .
Five core ingredients are required .
Tunisia must strive to maintain that sense of cohesion , which requires a commitment to transparency , tolerance , and inclusiveness -- both politically and economically .
Some of the most qualified candidates -LRB- in both developed and developing countries -RRB- have not received the support of their own governments that the political process seems to require .
Other qualified people from emerging markets have been reluctant to put their hats into the ring -- it is a brutal job , with a travel schedule that requires physical stamina to match wisdom and experience .
Similarly , changes in voting procedures -LRB- public voting by countries , rather than through constituencies , or a requirement that candidates win the support of a majority of developing and emerging countries -RRB- could persuade more emerging-market officials to put their names forward .
In Afghanistan and Iraq , the US and its allies knew that long-term victory required winning hearts and minds .
The challenge going forward will be to reinterpret these strictures . The prospect of sustained long-term growth and social justice requires that Europe 's new institutions retain sufficient flexibility to reshape themselves as they confront new problems .
Good decisions require accurate information , and this comes only through good accounting frameworks .
But by making ourselves more sensitive to their presence and becoming aware of the distorted incentives to which they give rise , as well as by imposing regulations that limit their scope and increasing the amount of required disclosure , we can mitigate their consequences , both in the public and the private sector .
But the EU 's Stability Pact , as commonly interpreted , requires either that tax rates be raised -LRB- always difficult , especially in a recession -RRB- or that expenditures be cut .
Banking `` reform , '' for example , frequently soon required government bail-outs , leaving a few people much richer , but the country much poorer .
Its advocates argued that efficiency required adopting a comprehensive Value Added Tax .
America has also come to recognize the need to forgive Iraq 's debts , which will require rapprochement and cooperation with traditional US allies that opposed the war .
In Brazil and elsewhere , the IMF 's distorted accounting frameworks - - what it does and does not count as expenditures - continues to impede the investments required to modernize public-sector enterprises and to put a major roadblock in the way of land reform .
What is required is `` upskilling , '' improving the quality of education , especially in science and technology .
A host of surveys is required to figure out what it really means , for the United States - and for the world .
With many countries pondering whether to adopt variants of the Bush plan , the question requires careful examination .
Good information requires not just the right to know , but also the right to tell -- a diversified media .
Democracy also requires recognizing the rights of individuals .
Democracy requires active debate about economic policies , not the suppression of discussion or the delegation of decision-making to experts , whether domestic or foreign .
Designing policies that work for the developing world requires a profound understanding of financial markets and development .
Success requires diplomacy and patience , and the UN 's latest summit continued the march forward in the creation of a community of nations responsible for the well being of all .
Too often , UN peacekeeping missions require passing the hat among the advanced industrial countries , giving them virtual veto power over when , where , and how the UN acts .
Congress rightly felt nervous about turning over control of nuclear production to a firm in weak financial conditions , and required Treasury certification .
Indeed , because Bolivia 's Constitution requires the approval of Congress for such sales , it is n't clear that Morales is nationalizing anything : the assets were never properly sold . When a country is robbed of a national art treasure , we do n't call its return `` re-nationalization , '' because it belonged to the country all along .
Some studies suggest that it requires more energy to produce America 's ethanol than is contained in it .
A strong safety net and an economy close to full employment provides a conducive environment for all stakeholders -- workers , investors , and entrepreneurs -- to engage in the risk-taking that new investments and firms require .
Making all payments to governments transparent would bring further progress , and Western governments could encourage this simply by tying this requirement to tax deductibility .
Worry about inflation led the Fed to increase interest rates in late 2000 , when the impending slowdown required the opposite medicine .
What is required , first and foremost , are market-based incentives to induce Americans to use less energy and to produce more energy in ways that emit less carbon .
The US imposes a tariff of more than 50 cents per gallon on sugar-based ethanol from Brazil , but subsidizes inefficient corn-based American ethanol heavily -- indeed , it requires more than a gallon of gasoline to fertilize , harvest , transport , process , and distill corn to yield one gallon of ethanol .
The most fundamental of these values is democracy , understood to entail not merely periodic elections , but also active and meaningful participation in decision making , which requires an engaged civil society , strong freedom of information norms , and a vibrant and diversified media that are not controlled by the state or a few oligarchs .
This , in turn , requires a sense of responsibility and solidarity .
As an increasing share of China 's population moves to cities , those cities will have to be made livable , which will require careful planning , including public transportation systems and parks .
As China moves away from export-led growth , it will have to look for new sources of dynamism in its growing entrepreneurial ranks , which requires a commitment to creating an independent innovation system .
That may require innovative approaches , quite different from intellectual property regimes based on privatization and monopolization of knowledge , with the high prices and restricted benefits that follow .
But the fight against corruption was always to be only one part of a more comprehensive development agenda that was required .
This requires a change in how its president is chosen , and , at Congressional hearings on the World Bank -- the first in 13 years -- I , like everyone who testified , called for this key reform .
Malaysia also recognized that success required an active role for government .
What is required is to give individuals with excessive indebtedness an expedited way to a fresh start -- for example , a special bankruptcy provision allowing them to recover , say , 75 % of the equity they originally put into the house , with the lenders bearing the cost .
No requirements were put on developing countries , yet within the not-too-distant future , they will contribute half or more of emissions .
These include , first , that solutions to global warming require the participation of all countries . Second , there can be no free riders , so trade sanctions -- the only effective sanctions that the international community currently has -- can and should be imposed on those not going along .
Economic efficiency requires that those who generate emissions pay the cost , and the simplest way of forcing them to do so is through a carbon tax .
For example , even if global energy and food prices increase at a more moderate rate than now -- for example , 20 % per year -- and get reflected in domestic prices , bringing the overall inflation rate to , say , 3 % would require markedly falling prices elsewhere . That would almost surely entail a marked economic slowdown and high unemployment .
So the advanced countries must be ready to provide the required financing , and to do so on an unprecedented scale .
For others , conditionality will be more tightly focused on core areas , and `` structural '' conditions that require hard-to-time legislative measures will be judged in a less formalistic manner .
This requires strong regulation , with a sensible rulebook for financial markets and institutions .
At the national level , this requires tools to prevent excesses in one sector from bringing down the entire economy .
At the global level , it requires a better distribution of growth across countries , in order to prevent destabilizing imbalances .
This may require that the Taiwanese abandon their tendency to hold regular referenda to show that they enjoy this right .
Moving forward requires all governments to act through inclusive multilateral organizations and arrangements .
Collective efforts by the international community , national governments , and civil society , including the private sector , are required to meet the employment challenge in the twenty-first century .
With higher incomes , rising meat consumption requires more grain for animal feed .
To avoid catastrophe , the world community must also meet the urgent emergency food and planting requirements mentioned above , including more generous budget and balance-of-payments support for low-income food-importing countries .
Governments in rich countries are beginning to spell out just what that will mean in terms of policy and lifestyle changes and the investments required to develop clean energy sources .
But , to be successful , a `` green new deal '' will have to address some enormous challenges in the developing world , where the impact of global warming will be felt first and hardest , and where rapid growth requires massive expansion of cheap energy .
This time , moreover , the burden will not fall on one country alone , and a broader mix of traditional and innovative sources of financing are already available to help fund the required investment programs in energy efficiency and renewables .
Even so , scaling-up multilateral support will require a massive overhaul of international finance .
Indeed , the logic of fiscal consolidation requires those economies that have recovered strongly to phase out their recovery efforts , while those that have not continue such efforts .
Dealing with any surge of asylum seekers will require the EU to strengthen its capacity to offer temporary protection -- and possibly to reconsider how its overall asylum system works .
Indeed , the country desperately requires strong political leadership to prevent a Greek scenario -- political leadership that it is unlikely to find .
The press and government , mindful of the requirements of EU membership , are finally opening the sensitive Armenian issue to debate .
This was done at the behest of the United States , which at the time was embroiled in the Vietnam War and required , for understandable security reasons , the use of the island of Diego Garcia as an air and naval base .
But Nahda 's ambition to win over -- and , ultimately , stably occupy -- the mainstream of Tunisia 's democratic politics requires nothing less .
Sovereign regimes require a political identity .
But this required inventing a new kind of collective agency that could decide and act together , to which one could attribute - a la Rousseau -- a `` will . ''
This new entity requires strong cohesion , because popular sovereignty means more than simply the will of the majority .
They therefore see its rule over them as illegitimate , which is precisely the point : the logic of popular sovereignty requires an idea of collective agency based on a sense of individual belonging that is much stronger than in our lecture audience .
Simply put , are Iraqis too divided , too long oppressed , to develop anything like the sense of common identity and collective agency that popular sovereignty requires ?
In India , policy changes require political consensus within the ruling coalition , labor laws are strongly defended by unions and political parties , and controversial decisions can be challenged on the streets , in the courts , and ultimately at the polls .
Indeed , economic development nowadays requires more than thinking only of the poverty line ; one must also think of the high-speed digital line , the fiber-optic line -- indeed , all the lines that exclude those who are not plugged into the possibilities of our world .
Delivering these benefits to ever more people will require resources , international cooperation , and political will .
Reporting requirements are onerous and often impose huge administrative burdens on developing countries , which must devote the scarce skills of educated , English-speaking personnel to writing reports for donors rather than running programs .
The need to acquire expertise on diverse issues and to participate in the adoption of roughly 60 resolutions a year -LRB- not to mention Presidential Statements on the same issues , which have less legal force but whose adoption requires unanimity -RRB- will test India 's capacity and negotiating skills .
Various sub-committees and working groups of the Council -LRB- including the Counter-Terrorism Committee -RRB- will also require full-time attention .
Pharmaceutical companies sponsor most drug treatment studies , with the primary purpose being to secure the licenses required to market their products .
In the case of the US , this requires recognizing that the government faces a budget constraint . For China , it means redirecting saving away from reserve accumulation towards cash-strapped small and medium-size enterprises , as well as much-needed investments in education , health care , and affordable housing .
One possible solution would be to permit member states to issue debt as eurobonds up to , say , 60 % of GDP , and to require them to be individually responsible for any debt exceeding that level .
Fiscal rules of the type envisaged -LRB- and a new body to enforce them -RRB- would not necessarily require a treaty change .
We know that Iran built a uranium conversion facility in Isfahan to convert uranium yellowcake into uranium hexafluoride gas -LRB- UF6 -RRB- , the feedstock for uranium enrichment , without the required prior notifications to the IAEA .
For this reason alone , the IAEA 's board must refer Iran to the Security Council for further actions , as required by the agency 's charter .
But that pledges requires complete , transparent cooperation with the IAEA .
Some required billions of dollars of international support .
Developing local-currency capital markets is a long-term endeavor that requires the commitment and resolve of a larger group of players .
These could include higher capital or provisioning requirements as buffers for more difficult times , or the stipulation of liquidity standards and special requirements for systemically important banks in order to avoid a recurrence of the `` too big to fail '' dilemma that many countries -- not only in the EBRD region -- have been facing .
Communicable disease outbreaks occur over days to weeks -LRB- or at the most , months -RRB- ; the danger is `` clear and present '' ; and prevention and control generally requires intervention by the state -- the quarantine of victims , tracing and immunization of contacts , or elimination of environmental sources of the infectious agent .
Both the patient-support function and the surveillance function required use of a unique patient identifier , so that letters could be mailed to patients and tests from the same patient could be linked over time .
Any diagnosis of diabetes , or subsequent monitoring of disease progression , requires a medical consultation and hence an entry into the patient record -- and so into the practice 's patient-management information system .
Logically , the surveillance system should operate by extracting the entire subset of data required for surveillance purposes from each health-care provider 's patient management information system -LRB- `` front-end capture '' -RRB- .
Political action implies actually leaving Iraq quickly and finding a fair solution to the Palestinian conflict , which in turn requires ending the occupation of all Palestinian territories .
Politics and culture do n't work on the same level : the former governs action , the latter influences mentalities ; the former deals with emergencies , the latter can require generations to produce any result .
So Latin America is now constantly presented with `` extraordinary '' situations that supposedly require a certain individual , such as a great , benevolent cacique , to occupy the center of the political scene and govern with an enormous discretionary capacity .
Indeed , it is now clear that one of the main regional challenges is to preserve civilian control of the military , which will require that Latin American elites avoid the temptation to strengthen disproportionately the armed forces ' place in their countries ' domestic and international politics .
It is not clear whether these laws will actually punish the crimes or merely reduce the visibility of the numbers : if a crime requires certain difficult-to-prove elements in order to be considered a femicide , a large number of murders will remain on the books as simple homicides , and the authorities will be able to say they have `` reduced '' the femicide rate .
The `` war on drugs '' must end , and that requires worldwide changes in drug-control policies that , unfortunately , no anti-femicide initiative mentions .
One of the most obvious violations of the law is the flouting of Section 23 , which requires all public-transit vehicles to be accessible to disabled people .
This requires a different governance structure in which power is more evenly distributed , so that the IMF can effectively exercise surveillance where it should , not just where it can .
The traditional model of trading financial support for conditionality does not bode well with emerging economies that , despite having strong macroeconomic fundamentals , still need help to cope with external shocks . `` Giving confidence '' to this sort of customer requires the capacity to provide quick , automatic , meaningful , and front-loaded financial support ; otherwise , accumulating reserves and pooling them in regional agreements will still look like a more reliable option .
Admittedly , this would require departing from the Fund 's traditional lending in exchange for conditionality .
Are we happy to live in a world where the rich can rely on ever more clever technical tricks , while we ignore the right of poor countries and communities to the basic requirements of survival ?
Agreements with the CIS ruling elites will become the main instrument for implementing `` Operation CIS . '' This will require painstaking efforts to promote pro-Russian groups and gradually weaken and neutralize pro-Western circles .
Democracy almost everywhere has been a fairly late child of capitalism , for it requires a self-conscious middle class to take root and flourish .
Forward-looking elements in Russia will require compelling arguments if their case is to prevail .
It requires democratic reform from the bottom up .
In fact , this requirement is rooted in history .
Good government also requires sharing a vision of the future -- the purposes and thinking behind public policies -- with the community .
Fast and sustainable economic growth requires the rule of law , accountable , meritocratic , and non-corrupt bureaucrats , protection of property rights , contract enforcement , and competitive markets .
The `` soft power '' of goods and services reflects the cultural environment that creative individuals require for their work and growth .
In addition , such goods and services require properly cultivated consumers .
This will require an explicit emphasis on ensuring the conditions that promote and sustain creativity , and the updated Lisbon Strategy that is to be launched in March should include a commitment that Europe will move in this direction .
Scarcity of parchment required all decision-making to be concentrated in a court consisting of a handful of people .
For example , regulation to protect retail customers could , sometimes , be appropriate : requirements for information disclosure could help overcome asymmetries of information between businesses and consumers .
In addition , we call on the African Union , with the support of the United Nations , to send an investigative mission to Zimbabwe to determine what additional measures may be required to carry out the internationally accepted `` responsibility to protect . ''
The first step is to gather reliable information so that it is possible to know what international measures are required to prevent a disaster .
Their presence and ability to provide objective information might prevent continuation or further escalation of the violence of the last few weeks to the point where it would require military intervention .
For maintaining a constitutional order and viable free market requires an intuitive dislike of arbitrariness , a sensitivity to its manifestations , and spontaneous resistance .
But Europe 's stability and commitment to economic growth across the continent require that these interests be satisfied without economic pressure or unilateral intervention .
Gazprom 's ambitions for gaining control of pipeline and energy transport infrastructure must be slowed , which requires allowing independent producers to prosper . Indeed , independent producers already account for 20 % of domestic gas sales in Russia .
To boost their output and allow them direct access to European markets will require market-based incentives .
Determining the will of the people does require expression through the ballot box .
Producing these animal products requires significantly more agricultural resources than a predominantly plant-based diet .
Since this quantity is required by the government to be blended with gasoline , regardless of the price of ethanol , corn , or gasoline , the demand that it creates for corn is not at all responsive to the price of corn .
The bottom line is that the current version of US biofuels policy , with its fixed requirement for blending , leads to a greater price response in the event of a crop shortfall -- in the short run .
Obviously , such a policy requires significant investment in research and development .
That requires adopting policies that cover everything from kindergarten training to collaboration between universities and companies , as well as an overall business climate in which success is rewarded and failure is not treated as a human catastrophe .
This will require hard work , and time is short .
Although Unasur aims to progress beyond free-trade agreements , this requires a more streamlined integration within the organization -- one that expands its current role as a forum for discussing problems and seeking solutions for Latin America as a whole .
If the real interest rate on Greek debt were 4 % -LRB- more or less what Greece is paying now for the emergency loans from the European Union -RRB- and annual GDP grew by 2 % on average , the required primary fiscal surplus each year for the next quarter-century would be 5.7 % of GDP .
The required cut is large : eliminating half of Greece 's public debt obligation would leave it at nearly 80 % of GDP , a ratio higher than Spain 's .
If , on the other hand , we believe that economic actors will respond rationally to incentives and information , then we can usefully reform regulatory frameworks with well-targeted measures , including restrictions on off-balance sheet vehicles , tougher disclosure requirements , and controls on rating agencies ' conflicts of interests .
Firms can be made to internalize the costs they impose on society with appropriate regulation -LRB- for example , capital requirements with a systemic charge for financial institutions -RRB- , but it is not so obvious what to do with `` excessive '' influence that comes with size .
In an ideal world , the competition-stability trade-off could be regulated away with sophisticated risk-based insurance mechanisms , credible liquidation and resolution procedures , contingent convertibles , and capital requirements with charges for systemic institutions .
For example , capital charges should account for the degree of friction and rivalry in the banking sector , with tighter requirements in more competitive contexts .
Its links to international extremist Islamic groups require that governments review and re-think how they respond to it .
Americans must acknowledge that educational and medical privacy laws require limited exceptions for notification of family and authorities when clear signs of severe mental illness surface , so that colleges and other institutions can take timely action .
A recent survey of telecommunications regulatory agencies conducted by The World Bank found that 23 of the 38 poor countries that responded require ISPs to obtain formal regulatory approval before they are allowed to operate .
And all firms with annual revenues of $ 1 million or more seem to have required some form of support from party officials , who serve as gatekeepers for all forms of licensing , sourcing , and financing .
What information requirements must banks comply with ?
The technical conditions required for the Single Euro Payments Area -LRB- SEPA -RRB- have been met .
French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner has called for merging these two phases to accelerate progress , which would require substantial funds to secure and deploy the additional UN peacekeepers .
Ending the country 's violence will require a government with both the legitimacy and capacity to tackle the underlying sources of the Taliban insurgency .
But achieving success in Afghanistan -- defined as achieving a sustainable democratic regime able to contain political violence , prevent the reconstruction of a terrorist base with global reach , and dampen a narcotics-funded insurgency that threatens neighboring countries -- requires greater policy harmonization among the world powers that have a stake in the outcome .
Unfortunately , it is estimated that `` attacking '' an asteroid would cost billions of dollars , especially since multiple space launches would likely be needed to ensure that the required number of probes could complete the mission .
Perhaps every country should vote in the UN General Assembly on how to proceed ; the option receiving the most votes -- with a possible mandatory minimum requirement , such as requiring an alternative to win a majority or some higher number of votes -- would prevail .
Second , no matter how well meaning our attempts to reduce distress and prevent psychiatric disorder , and no matter how self-evident the intervention , we still require firm proof of the benefits .
The starting point for the West in trying to assist Egypt 's transition must be recognition that patient , long-term engagement will be required .
Regional security arrangements will also require careful maintenance .
Expectations of a greater FSB focus on shadow banking stem not only from non-bank financial institutions ' role in fueling the 2008-2009 crisis , but also from the concern that stiffer capital and liquidity requirements for banks might shift risk away from the financial sector 's regulated core .
This will require carefully balancing the need to mitigate risks in the unregulated sector with the benefits that its efficiency and innovation provide to the financial system .
Scientists and engineers are being produced at rates comparable or higher than in the past , and , while few non-science students find their required science courses enjoyable or useful , that is considered to be inherent to the subject .
Realizing these opportunities , however , will require a different pedagogical approach , one that treats science education as a science , with rigorous standards for teaching effectiveness .
It also requires abandoning the longstanding and widespread assumption that understanding science means simply learning a requisite body of facts and problem-solving recipes , and that mastery of those facts is the sole qualification needed to be a science teacher .
Developing such a way of thinking is a profoundly different experience from learning a set of facts , and requires very different teaching skills .
But , as Carl Sagan observed , `` extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence , '' while here the existing evidence is still circumstantial .
What the United Nations calls the `` century of urbanization '' will require creativity and imagination , innovations and not brute brick walls or even more subtle security frontiers .
The new geography requires new relationships and planning strategies .
As a result , the People 's Bank of China has raised interest rates substantially and increased banks ' reserve requirements .
Thus , lowering inflation would require reducing the growth rate -LRB- if not the level -RRB- of these two demand components .
Strengthening the non-proliferation regime in order to confront today 's challenges would require no more than following this strategy .
Confronting it effectively will require the support of all NPT signatories .
Reaching an agreement will require tough diplomacy , difficult compromises , technological innovation , and changes to our carbon-intensive way of life .
Finally , one must ask : is there a psychological element to the US requirement of submission to genital groping by uniformed officials ?
Maintaining these profits requires a population conditioned by this theater of fear to submit to anything -- even the sexual quasi-abuse of themselves and their children .
The world 's top development experts now agree that resolving many of today 's cultural , environmental , resource-driven conflicts requires educating and investing in women , as she advocated .
However , every study I know of -- whether British , Scandinavian , or American -- agrees that large numbers of these `` graduate '' jobs require no more than they did when non-graduates performed them perfectly well .
This requires policy changes as well as more generous and more effective aid .
Accordingly , each year , every county is required to submit a budget that projects two years ahead which demonstrates how its budget will be balanced in that time .
The main reason for the slow pace -- noting that previous presidents had no pace at all -- is a 2005 law that requires that all measures affecting the labor market first be negotiated in good faith with the trade unions .
Even more provocative are the next steps : a plan to revamp the standard work contract and to require that all workers be invited to vote after eight days of a strike .
China in Action on Climate Change Beijing -- Climate change is a serious challenge to humanity and sustainable development , which requires both proactive responses and concerted effort by the international community .
For example , if the required majority of shareholders adopts such a plan , the court should protect the rights of the minority of creditors who may have opposed it .
How can an enterprise being restructured , say , find a way to issue securities for financing if it can not meet conventional standards such as profitability and net asset value , as required by the Company Law and the Securities Law ?
But healing Lebanon 's wounds requires finding the means to offer alienated Shia what they want and need most , and not what outsiders think they should want or need .
But aggressive follow-up therapy will be required to prevent the remaining Al Qaeda cells from metastasizing by acquiring more adherents who believe in violence to achieve the ` purification ' and empowerment of Islam .
Fortunately , Bin Laden 's death comes at the very moment when much of the Islamic world is being convulsed by the treatment that Bin Laden 's brand of fanaticism requires : the Arab Spring , with its demands for democratic empowerment -LRB- and the absence of demands , at least so far , for the type of Islamic rule that Al Qaeda sought to impose -RRB- .
My longstanding skepticism about this promise has now hardened into certainty : the Yukos affair will make it impossible to sustain the growth rate required to achieve this goal because the arrest of Mikhail Khodorkovsky and the seizure of his assets has dealt a devastating blow to business confidence .
Such a dramatic fall in sales would normally require massive layoffs or lower wages .
On the contrary , because the settlements are located in the heart of the Palestinian population , they are convenient targets for terrorist attacks and require special defensive measures , including the deployment of large military forces engaged in patrolling and surveillance .
The enormous effort expended to bring the Protocol into force nonetheless indicates how much work will be required to produce the next treaty , due to be agreed in Copenhagen in December 2009 .
Expected benefits would increase further if we included the chance that potentially higher climate sensitivities would exacerbate damages , even though doing so would require including similarly plausible lower climate sensitivities , which would push in the opposite direction .
To make a real difference , especially in the near term , the world must combine mitigation and adaptation with increased research and development into carbon-saving and sequestering technology , which in turn requires designing and exploiting market-based incentives .
Indeed , any breakthrough to the sort of trust needed to resolve these festering security disputes will require that the three countries establish their annual gatherings as a meaningful multilateral body in its own right -- one that can address major issues in dispute and plan for a better regional future .
But that dual objective requires structural change in the Chinese and US economies .
But it requires major investments to develop both traditional energy means and renewable ones .
And , because space exploration requires communications and control over vast distances , some of the applications could also enhance South Africa 's lucrative mining sector ; after all , controlling machines under the ground is similar to doing so in deep space .
On May 19 , the state 's voters , in a special election , rejected an array of tax increases and spending cuts required to balance its budget .
In his six years in office , he has repeatedly tried to bypass a polarized state legislature -- even the annual budget requires a two-thirds majority -- by appealing directly to voters .
Creating more Californias would of course require the approval of the federal government in Washington , where elected representatives from California -- mainly from Obama 's Democratic Party -- have more power today than at perhaps any time in US history .
Their governments would fight hard to protect these companies from being required to pay for the societal risks that they represent .
Under such a scheme , the Soviet Union in 1986 , for example , would have been required to pay for the costs that the Chernobyl accident imposed on European farmers and health-care systems .
This requires , first and most importantly , reducing global warming to the apparently inevitable increase of two degrees Celsius , beyond which lies an environmental catastrophe that could be unmanageable for poor and vulnerable countries .
It will require a mix of new public sources , a scaling-up of existing public sources , and increased private flows .
Whereas the original concept of IP involved shielding industries from international competition , today 's world requires integrating local productive capacity in global value chains .
Avoiding a global race to the bottom in regulatory standards , a race to the top in incentives , or a return to protectionism , will require better global coordination .
Above all , truly secure and sustainable economic development requires that it build a large consumer base at home .
But China 's long-term interest , and that of the world , requires that it get serious about domestic structural reform .
And there is now a common understanding in China that meeting this objective requires that the government safeguard financial liberalization .
But change will require that China 's leaders find a way out of their psychological ambivalence .
But if many people start to doubt Italy 's solvency and require a large premium to lend , the country 's fiscal deficit will worsen , and it will most likely default .
If European officials thought Greece needed to be saved , an immediate European intervention in favor of Greece would have minimized the resources required .
The procedures to trigger this intervention , however , are complex and the funding is sufficiently opaque that the bill will not eliminate collateral damage from a large bank failure even for US institutions , let alone for international ones , whose unwinding would require coordination by several states , with varying degree of solvency .
The new rules require that no more than 30 % of bankers ' bonuses be paid in cash , that between 40 % and 60 % be deferred for at least three years , and that at least 50 % be invested in `` contingent capital , '' a new form of debt that converts to equity when a financial company is in distress .
It requires that most of an annual bonus not only be deferred for three years , but also that it be put at risk .
If we want to intervene on pay in addition to -LRB- not instead of -RRB- reforming capital requirements , the most effective way is a variation of the tax imposed by former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown : a special tax on all compensation above a certain threshold that is not paid in stock .
To fix this problem , we need to move the bulk of derivative trading onto organized exchanges , where daily collateral requirements would guarantee systemic stability , and price transparency would force competition , reduce margins , and increase the market 's depth .
