Israel is considering Abbas 's request to transfer arms and ammunitions from Egypt and Jordan in hopes of bolstering his loyalist forces .
In the old Europe , with fragmented financial markets , Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder 's request that Mannesmann remain a German company in the face of a -LRB- successful -RRB- takeover bid by Vodaphone was tantamount to his following an order by the company 's mostly German shareholders .
He was not recalled by his government ; Tony Blair 's government did not request his recall ; popular opinion treated the matter as merely another scandal .
Dallaire requested permission to evacuate his informant and to seize the arms cache .
A formal recognition by Turkey of the Republic of Cyprus , including its extension to the Northern part of the island , was not requested as a precondition for starting accession talks .
This independent , non-governmental organization produces more than 200 reports a year , most in response to specific requests from the US government .
These requests range from questions about the health hazards of trace amounts of arsenic in drinking water , to questions about how best to support various forms of scientific research .
For ordinary citizens , who have neither access to the media nor personal contacts with the authorities , protests are an opportunity to inform officials of their demands , requests , and suggestions .
Europe 's policy toward Africa may suffer shortcomings , but at least there is a policy , which is based on supporting African states and regional organizations like the African Union whenever practicable , necessary and , above all , requested .
The United Nations Security Council has taken these meetings seriously and has requested further regional cooperation on the Iraqi question .
The Chinese government is also pressuring Tokyo to turn over the Japanese businessmen who allegedly requested the prostitutes .
A recent `` vascular incident '' that sent him to a military hospital -- where he regained consciousness and motor skills -- will furnish excuses to request new medical examinations and delays as criminal proceedings move forward .
Moreover , it is significant that the Court agreed , at the request of the parties , to refer the case on appeal to its Grand Chamber .
Instead of turning them over to the tribunal , Racan used the opportunity for a power play , requesting a parliamentary vote of confidence for what was intended to be a soft-pedaling of the Hague Tribunal 's warrants .
The Hague Tribunal is often blamed for burdening fragile reform governments in Croatia and Serbia with unreasonable requests that play into the hands of nationalist politicians .
Many of its tycoons -LRB- one of whom , Robert Kuok , controls the South Morning China Post -RRB- are jettisoning their autonomy for the sake of business - even when such action is not requested .
Oddly , it was Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu who , by requesting that the Palestinians recognize Israel as a Jewish state , reopened the 1948 file .
Even if , as expected , the Security Council rejects the Palestinians ' request for full UN membership and Palestine ends up with observer status in the General Assembly , Abbas can already claim victory .
Whether in sub-Saharan Africa or the Middle East , their populations and governments are more inclined -- for political , historical , or cultural reasons -- to request European rather than NATO assistance .
It would allow host countries to impose restrictions on credit expansion , regardless of how a financial institution chooses to channel capital to its market , and would strengthen host countries ' rights to request information from home-country regulators .
Any restructuring requested in return for capital support should take into account the cross-border nature of the groups and not discriminate against subsidiaries abroad .
By contrast , continental leaders have done little to dispel the impression that they are acting in response to a US request and for a US cause .
The US Defense Department 's request for $ 515.4 billion in the 2009 fiscal year dwarfs every other military budget in the world .
Of course , any regulation in this field requires at least some involvement by a doctor but the Oregon Act recognizes the fundamental dilemma faced by doctors confronted with a patient 's request to die and strives to keep that involvement to a minimum .
Oregon physicians may write a prescription for a lethal substance on the explicit request of a terminally ill patient , provided they can confirm the fatal prognosis , the patient 's decision-making capacity , and have informed the patient about any feasible alternative such as hospice care or pain-control options .
At the Islamabad meeting , the FDP agreed to provide finance for Pakistan 's energy-development program , and requested proposals from the Pakistanis for the development of other sectors considered vital for the economy .
It took the Indian government some time to formulate an answer to Musharraf 's request for a visit . When it came , it carried Singh 's characteristic warmth .
Nevertheless , the decision of Luis Moreno-Ocampo , the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court , to request an arrest warrant against al-Bashir is puzzling , for three reasons .
First , if Moreno-Ocampo intended to pursue the goal of having al-Bashir arrested , he might have issued a sealed request and asked the ICC 's judges to issue a sealed arrest warrant , to be made public only once al-Bashir traveled abroad .
Having instead made the request for a warrant public , al-Bashir -- assuming the judges uphold the request -- can simply refrain from traveling abroad and thus avoid arrest .
Instead , Moreno-Ocampo 's request may have negative political repercussions by creating much disarray in international relations .
On top of that , Moreno-Ocampo 's request might further alienate the Great Powers -LRB- China , Russia , and the United States -RRB- that are currently hostile to the ICC .
First , when a lamb like Georgia gets smart and requests the protection of another wolf -- in this case , NATO -- he must be careful , for every wolf guards his territory , and is bent on `` protecting '' all those lambs that fall under his `` jurisdiction . ''
Because Georgia is a party to the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court , it could have requested the ICC Prosecutor to investigate Russia 's allegations of war crimes and genocide as well as its own allegations of Russian crimes .
The OAS did , however , lay down two conditions . Cuba must explicitly request reinstatement , and a dialogue must be initiated in accordance with the premises of the OAS Charter and other basic OAS documents , and in consonance with the principles on which those documents are based -- most importantly , democracy and respect for human rights .
More than 30,000 Cubans signed the Varela petition requesting a referendum on basic rights .
At the end of a recent visit to Beijing with Pakistani Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani , Mukhtar reported that the Chinese government was more than happy to oblige whatever requests for assistance the Pakistani side made , including reaching an agreement to take over operation of the Gwadar port after the existing contract with a Singaporean government company expires .
Forty years ago , Charles de Gaulle said `` Non '' to Britain 's request to join the European Community .
Yet the unilateral application by the Greek Cypriots for EU membership under the rubric of that hi-jacked legitimacy is being processed by the EU as if it were a binding request `` by Cyprus '' even though the Turkish Cypriot co-founders of the Republic object .
Despite repeated requests by Pakistani archeologists to the local authorities to protect the seated Buddha and other sites , especially after the first attack , no action was taken .
In order to counteract suspicious behavior -- such as traders requesting permission to invest amounts that are above their speculative-position limits -- the Commission lifted exemptions for two firms trading in maize , wheat , and soybean futures .
Sometimes Mexico should open the door to neighborly requests and sometimes it should refuse them .
In fact , Google generally fights government requests for personal information .
Europe should have used its regulatory power and managed the conflict between systemic and competitive risk that all this emergency public funding was generating , but the competition watchdog 's contradictory request that companies receiving funding should reduce credit to their clients made this well nigh impossible .
This two-step process would be similar to what happened in 2008 , when Congress was confronted with another cliffhanger : the Bush administration 's request for $ 700 billion to prevent a financial-market collapse and an economic depression .
To anyone who remembers that 40 years ago President Charles de Gaulle slammed Europe 's door shut in the face of Britain 's request to join the European community -- the General thought the British too tied to the US to enter the European family -- these remarks are worrying .
Congress has pared $ 100 billion from the Bush administration 's 10-year $ 726 billion tax cut plan , and the US 's projected 10-year $ 2 trillion budget deficit will grow as the Iraq war 's costs mount , with President Bush submitting a supplemental request for $ 80bn -LRB- 0.8 % of GDP -RRB- in extra military spending this year .
And since Obama will want to meet some of those expectations , other countries had better be prepared for American requests -- and pressure -- that they act with the US rather than act against it or sit on their hands .
Countries of every sort will face requests to do their part to overcome hurdles to a new global trade accord .
There is not enough time to request organs from outside the hospital , but there is a healthy person in the hospital 's waiting room .
Immense amounts of time were wasted in enterprises by informal requests for assistance , forcing knowledgeable workers to become computer gurus in order to aid their colleagues .
On a recent trip to these countries , and despite repeated requests , no politician or public-health official in either country would meet with me .
I felt that the request was a test -- one that I was prepared to take , as I had carried maps with me in the forward air-control planes .
They showed that McNamara had sent the manuscript to the American Ambassador in South Vietnam , Ellsworth Bunker , who requested a certain Bob Kelly to write an overall report , with a view to discrediting my reporting , and arranged to get The Atlantic magazine -LRB- where Bunker mistakenly thought my article was scheduled to appear -RRB- to `` withhold publication . ''
At the time of the Boxer Rebellion , Japan responded to requests for help from the international community and won world trust through the sacrifices it made .
During the First World War , however , Japan was reluctant to send troops to Europe despite repeated requests from the Allies .
More generally , the government may now review requests for weaponry from friendly governments on a case-by-case basis , according to whether the sale risks instigating or fueling international conflicts .
These favorable and appropriate actions will allow Japan , for the first time in its postwar history , to meet the international community 's requests in a timely way .
The police arrested Hadjiev again in 2002 , in response to a Turkmen extradition request .
The committee requested it from the Soviet government .
Putin took that occasion to repeat his political mantra -- `` Russia is developing it 's own brand of democracy '' -- while spurning requests from the Baltic countries that Russia come clean about its deal with Hitler to devour them on WWII 's eve .
Countries such as Malawi , Zimbabwe , and Kenya , as well as Uganda , are requesting assistance for emergency drug supplies .
Upon my request , the UN 's entire membership will take up the matter in a first-of-its-kind General Assembly meeting this July .
Public support for Europe 's engagement has been plummeting , and most EU governments have failed to act on NATO 's request to boost troop levels . One exception is the United Kingdom , which has recently pledged to increase its troop numbers in the restive poppy-growing province of Helmand .
If the Americans can get Israel to agree to these straightforward requests , the situation could be ripe for a ceasefire , which in turn would be the prelude to a genuine peace process .
Until recently , Israeli officials have publicly and privately refused to respond to the Palestinian request for a ceasefire agreement .
Instead , they press for the impossible request that the Palestinian Authority dismantle the militant groups , an act that Israel , with all its powers , has not succeeded in accomplishing .
But Israel has not publicly agreed to the American and Palestinian request to rescind the settlement construction in Jerusalem approved during US Vice President Joe Biden 's recent visit to Israel .
Not only did Israel 's leaders reject the world community 's requests , but they had the chutzpah to claim that they had convinced the US to drop this requirement for the resumption of talks .
While Hamas must be flexible in dealing with legitimate requests by the international community , the international community is obliged to provide an effective road map to peace .
After several requests to the American Psychiatric Association , I was granted complete access to the hundreds of unpublished memos , letters , and even votes from the period between 1973 and 1979 , when the DSM-III task force debated each new and existing disorder .
Seven years ago , the President of the European Commission requested the European Group on Ethics in Science and New Technologies -LRB- of which I was a member -RRB- to examine the `` ethical aspects of the labeling of foods derived from modern biotechnology . ''
For more than six years , the government has resisted calls to negotiate with the FARC , rejecting the group 's requests for a demilitarized zone , dismissing overtures , and demanding the release of all hostages and a cease-fire as a precondition for talks .
When alternatives become difficult to find , the compensation requested for accepting an illegal transaction falls .
As a result , the DPJ has announced plans to revoke the LDP 's guidelines for a ceiling on budget requests so as to formulate its own budget from scratch . It will also revise the supplementary budget as well .
Indicted French child abductors were freed by Chad at France 's request .
This was the objective set by the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative , which requested that the publication of multinational oil companies ' payments to governments be made mandatory .
From an American perspective , flexible ad hoc coalitions of the willing have turned out to be more useful than the established NATO alliance , where Germany led the fight to refuse Turkey 's request for support .
States that implemented Article 26 agree to exchange information upon request , but not to the automatic disclosure of information .
This means that the country seeking information must produce a substantiated request , naming the taxable person and the specific bank in question or describing them in sufficient detail .
We have a duty to protect Arab lives and values , as Arabs themselves have requested .
He has authorized the sale of farm machinery and tools -- centralized until now -- directly to farmers , as well as handing over idle land to private cooperatives and other organizations that request them .
Based on recent estimates of the developing world 's extra requests as a result of climate change , rich countries should be providing annual financial support -- in addition to existing foreign-aid commitments -- of about $ 100 billion for adaptation and $ 100 billion for mitigation by the early 2020 's .
As Bush 's budget request to Congress puts it , `` Rarely has the need for a sustained effort to ensure foreign understanding for our country and society been so clearly evident . ''
In January 2008 , President George W. Bush signed two presidential directives that called for establishing a comprehensive cyber-security plan , and his 2009 budget requested $ 6 billion to develop a system to protect national cyber security .
Mistrust of the government making this request could be the harbinger -- even the cause -- of national decline . ''
So the authorities responded quickly to the Bush administration 's request for Turkish troops to join the coalition , although the idea was stillborn - rejected by both the Kurds and the American-appointed Governing Council in Iraq .
As well as happily receiving requests from individual social , political or military representatives within the target areas , the USAID-sponsored program invited NGOs to submit their own proposals .
During the hearings , Cambodia asked the ICJ to rule on the adjoining land , but the judges confined their decision only to the temple , as Cambodia originally requested .
During the 1970 's , he approached China , India , and Pakistan . Fortunately , despite the fact that India and Pakistan lay outside the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- -- and thus were not subject to its prohibition on disseminating arsenals -- they , along with China , rebuffed Qadaffi 's requests . Undaunted , he sought to acquire technologies to produce the weapons .
LOS ANGELES -- Revelations in former President George W. Bush 's recently published memoirs show that he declined an Israeli request to destroy Syria 's secret nuclear reactor in the spring of 2007 .
According to Bush 's memoir , in the spring of 2007 , Prime Minister Ehud Olmert made a blunt request of the US president regarding Syria 's reactor : `` George , I am asking you to bomb the facility . ''
At the end of 2000 , CIAT , supported by the FAO , requested that the USPTO re-examine the patent .
Proctor requested that the patent examination be continued , submitting additional patent claims and even changing his lawyers several times -LRB- allowing more bureaucratic delay -RRB- .
Brazil 's current criticisms of Iran , along with a request for dialogue with the opposition , weak as they may be , represent a change of position , which reflects the absolute priority of Brazilian diplomacy : permanent membership of the Security Council .
Even after a failed assassination attempt , the US again brushed off requests for aid .
At the request of Prime Minister Iyad Allawi , NATO decided to offer to help train Iraqi security forces .
All 26 NATO nations are now , as an Alliance , working together to respond to the Iraqi government 's request for support : by training Iraqi security forces , by providing equipment , or by helping to fund NATO 's efforts .
`` Anyone whose family members were unjustly killed should voice the same request . ''
During the fighting in Gaza , he publicly demanded a halt to the warfare and requested that Israel open Gaza 's borders to relief aid .
Her request was refused , as was her earlier plea in 2006 to suspend her sentence until her two small sons reached the age of 14 -- a request she was entitled to make under Russian law .
The judge refused without comment requests by the defense to remove the cage and to replace one of the prosecutors , who had already been a prosecuting counsel during the first trial .
The report , which was requested by G-20 leaders at their summit in Seoul last November , found that between 2002 and 2007 , the shadow banking system increased by $ 33 trillion , more than doubling in asset size from $ 27 trillion to $ 60 trillion .
While I 've done more than the mayor requested , setting it at 82F -LRB- 27C -RRB- , I 'm still part of a feedback loop . I deal with the heat by using more energy , which leads to burning more fossil fuel , putting more greenhouse gases into the atmosphere and heating up the planet more .
Welby 's request to die was widely publicized in Italy , where it led to heated debate .
Perhaps for this reason , many organizations , including some of the best-known anti-poverty organizations working in Africa , did not respond to GiveWell 's request for information .
The directive contains safeguards to limit potential abuse of welfare-state benefits during the first five years , including proof of health insurance coverage and a requirement that sufficient `` resources '' be shown when a residence permit of up to five years is requested .
A Warrant of Hypocrisy LONDON -- Earlier this month , the International Criminal Court -LRB- ICC -RRB- upheld the request of the court 's chief prosecutor to issue an arrest warrant for Omar el-Bashir , the President of Sudan , charging him with war crimes and crimes against humanity .
Europe can not give an openly negative answer to Kerry 's request for help , because that would be a slap in the face to the most pro-European American likely to be elected president anytime soon .
As requested by the European Council , I am developing , in cooperation with the European Commission , a strategy to shut down terrorist financing .
The UN could accede to Chief Inspector Blix 's request for several months to complete his inspections .
But the fact remains that both Abkhaz and South Ossetian leaders have occasionally approached Russia with annexation requests .
But by August , Allied forces broke through German lines , and a stunned Ludendorff , fearing a sudden collapse of his army , demanded that the newly constituted civilian government send an immediate request for an armistice .
But , when answering a parliamentary question that I put to the European Commission recently , the commissioner responsible for development policy , Andris Piebalgs , indicated that the Commission would consider any request from the UK for co-financing the Chagossians ' repatriation , which the EU fully and rightly accepts as a sovereign UK matter .
Clinton and the US administration would do well to decide which requests are merely photo ops and confine these to meetings at the sidelines of APEC .
As current ASEAN chair , he floated the idea of concertedly requesting a pardon for Aung San Suu Kyi .
But the pardon request is already significant .
The request would be politely worded , but it would also be an official and public mode of communication , instead of the usual behind-the-scenes quiet diplomacy .
How the generals respond to the ASEAN request will be an important signal of the regime 's intentions .
Even simple requests , like that of schoolgirls to wear headscarves in class , are suddenly freighted with immense political significance and treated as issues that must be resolved at the highest level of government .
Navalny 's repeated requests for the minutes of several state-owned companies ' board meetings generated huge resistance -- two companies even tried , unsuccessfully , to change the law in order to reject shareholder requests for information .
Indeed , by requesting further review of the loans , Haiti would have to make scheduled payments before the funds were even disbursed . `` While this is not a ` bullet-proof ' way to stop IDB disbursements , '' the counsellor wrote , `` it certainly will put a few more large rocks in the road . ''
Indeed , when North Korea approached Swedish academics to request training in business management , they insisted that the training take place in conditions as near to those prevailing in North Korea as possible .
Yemeni officials have also requested admission to the Gulf Cooperation Council .
In October 2008 , the Kingdom held mediation talks between the Taliban and the Afghan government following Karzai 's request to King Abdullah , whom Karzai describes as `` the leader of the Muslim world . ''
Following American requests , references to the concept were removed from textbooks in 2004 .
The reason is obvious : the damage caused is many times higher than the compensation being requested .
