Dallaire requested permission to evacuate his informant and to seize the arms cache .
A formal recognition by Turkey of the Republic of Cyprus , including its extension to the Northern part of the island , was not requested as a precondition for starting accession talks .
Europe 's policy toward Africa may suffer shortcomings , but at least there is a policy , which is based on supporting African states and regional organizations like the African Union whenever practicable , necessary and , above all , requested .
The United Nations Security Council has taken these meetings seriously and has requested further regional cooperation on the Iraqi question .
The Chinese government is also pressuring Tokyo to turn over the Japanese businessmen who allegedly requested the prostitutes .
Many of its tycoons -LRB- one of whom , Robert Kuok , controls the South Morning China Post -RRB- are jettisoning their autonomy for the sake of business - even when such action is not requested .
Any restructuring requested in return for capital support should take into account the cross-border nature of the groups and not discriminate against subsidiaries abroad .
At the Islamabad meeting , the FDP agreed to provide finance for Pakistan 's energy-development program , and requested proposals from the Pakistanis for the development of other sectors considered vital for the economy .
Because Georgia is a party to the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court , it could have requested the ICC Prosecutor to investigate Russia 's allegations of war crimes and genocide as well as its own allegations of Russian crimes .
They showed that McNamara had sent the manuscript to the American Ambassador in South Vietnam , Ellsworth Bunker , who requested a certain Bob Kelly to write an overall report , with a view to discrediting my reporting , and arranged to get The Atlantic magazine -LRB- where Bunker mistakenly thought my article was scheduled to appear -RRB- to `` withhold publication . ''
The committee requested it from the Soviet government .
Seven years ago , the President of the European Commission requested the European Group on Ethics in Science and New Technologies -LRB- of which I was a member -RRB- to examine the `` ethical aspects of the labeling of foods derived from modern biotechnology . ''
When alternatives become difficult to find , the compensation requested for accepting an illegal transaction falls .
This was the objective set by the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative , which requested that the publication of multinational oil companies ' payments to governments be made mandatory .
We have a duty to protect Arab lives and values , as Arabs themselves have requested .
In January 2008 , President George W. Bush signed two presidential directives that called for establishing a comprehensive cyber-security plan , and his 2009 budget requested $ 6 billion to develop a system to protect national cyber security .
During the hearings , Cambodia asked the ICJ to rule on the adjoining land , but the judges confined their decision only to the temple , as Cambodia originally requested .
At the end of 2000 , CIAT , supported by the FAO , requested that the USPTO re-examine the patent .
Proctor requested that the patent examination be continued , submitting additional patent claims and even changing his lawyers several times -LRB- allowing more bureaucratic delay -RRB- .
During the fighting in Gaza , he publicly demanded a halt to the warfare and requested that Israel open Gaza 's borders to relief aid .
The report , which was requested by G-20 leaders at their summit in Seoul last November , found that between 2002 and 2007 , the shadow banking system increased by $ 33 trillion , more than doubling in asset size from $ 27 trillion to $ 60 trillion .
While I 've done more than the mayor requested , setting it at 82F -LRB- 27C -RRB- , I 'm still part of a feedback loop . I deal with the heat by using more energy , which leads to burning more fossil fuel , putting more greenhouse gases into the atmosphere and heating up the planet more .
The directive contains safeguards to limit potential abuse of welfare-state benefits during the first five years , including proof of health insurance coverage and a requirement that sufficient `` resources '' be shown when a residence permit of up to five years is requested .
As requested by the European Council , I am developing , in cooperation with the European Commission , a strategy to shut down terrorist financing .
Yemeni officials have also requested admission to the Gulf Cooperation Council .
The reason is obvious : the damage caused is many times higher than the compensation being requested .
