This independent , non-governmental organization produces more than 200 reports a year , most in response to specific requests from the US government .
These requests range from questions about the health hazards of trace amounts of arsenic in drinking water , to questions about how best to support various forms of scientific research .
For ordinary citizens , who have neither access to the media nor personal contacts with the authorities , protests are an opportunity to inform officials of their demands , requests , and suggestions .
The Hague Tribunal is often blamed for burdening fragile reform governments in Croatia and Serbia with unreasonable requests that play into the hands of nationalist politicians .
First , when a lamb like Georgia gets smart and requests the protection of another wolf -- in this case , NATO -- he must be careful , for every wolf guards his territory , and is bent on `` protecting '' all those lambs that fall under his `` jurisdiction . ''
At the end of a recent visit to Beijing with Pakistani Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani , Mukhtar reported that the Chinese government was more than happy to oblige whatever requests for assistance the Pakistani side made , including reaching an agreement to take over operation of the Gwadar port after the existing contract with a Singaporean government company expires .
Despite repeated requests by Pakistani archeologists to the local authorities to protect the seated Buddha and other sites , especially after the first attack , no action was taken .
Sometimes Mexico should open the door to neighborly requests and sometimes it should refuse them .
In fact , Google generally fights government requests for personal information .
And since Obama will want to meet some of those expectations , other countries had better be prepared for American requests -- and pressure -- that they act with the US rather than act against it or sit on their hands .
Countries of every sort will face requests to do their part to overcome hurdles to a new global trade accord .
Immense amounts of time were wasted in enterprises by informal requests for assistance , forcing knowledgeable workers to become computer gurus in order to aid their colleagues .
On a recent trip to these countries , and despite repeated requests , no politician or public-health official in either country would meet with me .
At the time of the Boxer Rebellion , Japan responded to requests for help from the international community and won world trust through the sacrifices it made .
During the First World War , however , Japan was reluctant to send troops to Europe despite repeated requests from the Allies .
More generally , the government may now review requests for weaponry from friendly governments on a case-by-case basis , according to whether the sale risks instigating or fueling international conflicts .
These favorable and appropriate actions will allow Japan , for the first time in its postwar history , to meet the international community 's requests in a timely way .
Putin took that occasion to repeat his political mantra -- `` Russia is developing it 's own brand of democracy '' -- while spurning requests from the Baltic countries that Russia come clean about its deal with Hitler to devour them on WWII 's eve .
If the Americans can get Israel to agree to these straightforward requests , the situation could be ripe for a ceasefire , which in turn would be the prelude to a genuine peace process .
Not only did Israel 's leaders reject the world community 's requests , but they had the chutzpah to claim that they had convinced the US to drop this requirement for the resumption of talks .
While Hamas must be flexible in dealing with legitimate requests by the international community , the international community is obliged to provide an effective road map to peace .
After several requests to the American Psychiatric Association , I was granted complete access to the hundreds of unpublished memos , letters , and even votes from the period between 1973 and 1979 , when the DSM-III task force debated each new and existing disorder .
For more than six years , the government has resisted calls to negotiate with the FARC , rejecting the group 's requests for a demilitarized zone , dismissing overtures , and demanding the release of all hostages and a cease-fire as a precondition for talks .
As a result , the DPJ has announced plans to revoke the LDP 's guidelines for a ceiling on budget requests so as to formulate its own budget from scratch . It will also revise the supplementary budget as well .
Based on recent estimates of the developing world 's extra requests as a result of climate change , rich countries should be providing annual financial support -- in addition to existing foreign-aid commitments -- of about $ 100 billion for adaptation and $ 100 billion for mitigation by the early 2020 's .
As well as happily receiving requests from individual social , political or military representatives within the target areas , the USAID-sponsored program invited NGOs to submit their own proposals .
During the 1970 's , he approached China , India , and Pakistan . Fortunately , despite the fact that India and Pakistan lay outside the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- -- and thus were not subject to its prohibition on disseminating arsenals -- they , along with China , rebuffed Qadaffi 's requests . Undaunted , he sought to acquire technologies to produce the weapons .
Even after a failed assassination attempt , the US again brushed off requests for aid .
The judge refused without comment requests by the defense to remove the cage and to replace one of the prosecutors , who had already been a prosecuting counsel during the first trial .
But the fact remains that both Abkhaz and South Ossetian leaders have occasionally approached Russia with annexation requests .
Clinton and the US administration would do well to decide which requests are merely photo ops and confine these to meetings at the sidelines of APEC .
Even simple requests , like that of schoolgirls to wear headscarves in class , are suddenly freighted with immense political significance and treated as issues that must be resolved at the highest level of government .
Navalny 's repeated requests for the minutes of several state-owned companies ' board meetings generated huge resistance -- two companies even tried , unsuccessfully , to change the law in order to reject shareholder requests for information .
Following American requests , references to the concept were removed from textbooks in 2004 .
