Three weeks ago in the UN Security Council , Russia again insisted that any agreement required the approval of both Serbia and Kosovo , and that further negotiations were necessary .
All citizens stand to benefit from competitive markets for products and services , but more often than not , the broad coalition required to sustain pro-competitive policies never materializes ; political support simply is n't there .
It also decrees that a majority of more than 80 % of shareholder votes is required for important decisions in the company .
The attacks were an operation that must have required months of planning : serious weapons were deployed , a small army was mobilized , targets were studied , transport was organized , and weak points identified .
At the International Agency for Research on Cancer , the specialized cancer agency of WHO , further research on the causes of cancer is being conducted , which promises to provide the base of evidence required to alleviate even more of the worldwide cancer burden , .
Three countries in the region -- Hungary , Latvia , and Romania -- required emergency standby programs with the International Monetary Fund .
For years , Arafat avoided holding elections , as required by the laws of the Palestinian Authority , under the pretense that they can not be held under occupation : but , lo and behold , two months after his demise , an election was held - and with resounding success .
This acceptance of collective responsibility should come with abandoning US veto power in the IMF by lowering required voting majorities , as well as abandoning Europe 's prerogative of appointing the Managing Director .
Instead of looking at the wrong model -- that of a single state -- the EU and its member states should focus on the conditions required for the proper functioning of a currency union that has no common budget to compensate for asymmetric shocks .
Should one-third of national parliaments so wish , the European Commission will be required to reconsider a proposal .
No state would be required to give up the right to develop its own fuel cycle .
Large firms are relatively risk-averse not only because they are bureaucracies , with layers of management required to sign off on any innovation , but also because they are reluctant to back innovations that threaten to render obsolete the products or services that currently account for their profits .
It required Boeing and other large aircraft manufacturers , for example , to commercialize what the Wright Brothers pioneered , or Ford and General Motors to mass-produce the automobile , and so on . But without entrepreneurs , few of the really bold innovations that have shaped our modern economy and our lives would be in place .
Even if ratings were no longer required or encouraged by law , however , demand for ratings -- and the need to improve their reliability -- would remain .
To improve the link between pay and performance further , and limit executives ' ability to weaken it by using their access to inside information and control over company disclosures , executives could be required to announce their choice of period substantially in advance .
The insurance subsidiaries were not responsible for the obligations of their parent company , and their claims toward policyholders were backed by required reserves .
Admittedly , Israeli governments have never liked the idea of negotiating peace with all enemies simultaneously , if only because the political costs of the required concessions would be unbearable .
But a strategy of peace with Israel , Sadat knew , required an alliance with the United States .
Leadership and commitment are what is required , and Obama 's `` Yes , we can '' campaign has already shown that he has both .
Not much imagination is required to discern what norms the Chinese might inculcate into the 1,000 Central Asian policemen and judicial officials they are currently training .
Conspicuously , Haiti 's Dominican neighbors were the first to gauge the magnitude of the problem and the global nature of the required solution .
The process fell victim to the parties ' inability to bridge the gap between what was politically feasible for them and what was required for a settlement .
But Israel is not required to sign a peace deal with the erratic Mashaal .
But Israel will be required to engage in peace talks only if the Palestinians crack down on terrorism -- that is , risk another Fatah-Hamas civil war -- and eliminate corruption .
Once computers can handle natural languages with semantic precision , high-quality information will not need to become popular before it reaches the end user , unlike what is required by Web search today .
His support for international crisis missions in Kosovo , Bosnia , or Afghanistan required considerable political courage and made Germany one of the major contributors to international stability efforts .
Following the Internet boom of the late 1990 's , job creation slowed , while efficiency improvements continued to reduce the labor required by the `` old '' goods and services .
Results of ongoing clinical trials and further studies are required to improve our knowledge .
But when one takes a step back -LRB- something easier to do on days when markets are closed -RRB- , the picture becomes clearer , and so do the required policies .
This prospect literally gives me the shivers . Not only may the future be less radiant , but the adjustments that will be required once reality sets in could set off a nastier recession and a more persistent slowing of the economy than anything predicted today .
Of the $ 500 billion that America required for the Resolution Trust Corporation -LRB- equivalent to $ 1 1\/4 trillion today -RRB- , $ 400 billion was returned from asset sales , for a net cost of $ 100 billion , one-tenth the worst-case private forecasts of $ 1 trillion .
To balance the benefits of scale and scope with the socialized losses to taxpayers , firms deemed too big to fail should be required to have more capital , and the amount should rise disproportionately with size .
Simultaneous restrictions on spending , taxes , and debt are thus required to avert future economic and financial crises .
Physicians are not required to be present at the suicide , and they are not allowed to administer the lethal drug .
The convergence of sovereign debt yields implied and required by the establishment of the common currency need not return .
Many people have migrated to Western European countries from North Africa and Turkey during the last half-century , not because of Western generosity , but because they were required for jobs that natives no longer wanted .
If it were generally accepted , it would imply that the EU now holds official moral doctrines , and that allegiance to these doctrines is required in order to exercise the full right of citizens to serve in a public capacity .
However much health improves , it will never be sufficient -- so further progress is always required .
For starters , the surveillance required to establish eradication is a huge challenge .
The rate of return required on safe investments declined from 10 % to 4 % .
In 2004 , for example , the United States Food and Drug Administration told drug manufacturers to print warnings on certain antidepressants about the increased short-term risk of suicide in adolescents using them , and required increased monitoring of young people as they started medication .
The political energy required for expanding and reforming education is difficult to muster in the world 's wealthiest nations .
Eventually , the required restructuring became so widespread that it impacted virtually every sector of the economy .
According to the Kyoto Protocol , what China , as a `` developing '' country , and the US , as a `` developed '' country , are required to do is completely different .
This required only the physical separation of the symbols -LRB- visualized as a tape -RRB- handled by the machine and the machine itself .
What is now required is that EU leaders stop pretending that Europe 's demographic ageing can be solved by more internal labor mobility .
Moreover , they argue that the cost of any increase in required equity capital would simply be passed on to borrowers in the form of higher interest rates , bringing economic growth to a grinding halt .
A new `` social contract '' between finance and the people , through their governments , is required .
It was accepted that maintaining exchange controls required a high level of foreign reserves .
We could easily be `` stimulating '' and `` rescuing '' the economy for a rather long time , in ways that only delay the needed adjustment , before we are finally forced to allow the required creative destruction to occur .
By 1982 , the situation had deteriorated to the point that the `` social partners '' in the Dutch tripartite system -LRB- government , business , and trade unions -RRB- concluded that combating the crisis required a break with the past .
Too much specificity on some variables and too much vagueness with regard to others required a renegotiation of the arms-for-land agreement in El Salvador to make it implementable .
And the IMF went from issuing warnings to calling our Budget ` essential ' Now we must implement some of the key decisions required by that Budget .
Investors outside the US can see the magnitude of the trade deficit , calculate the likely decline in the dollar required to eliminate it , and recognize that the interest rate and equity return differentials from investing in the US are insufficient to compensate for the risk that next month will be when capital inflows into America start to fall .
That 0.5 % is all that is left for job growth , because that 's all the job growth required to meet demand given the remarkably strong rate of growth of productivity .
Angell puzzled over how pre-WWI pan-German politicians could believe that German prosperity required a big battle fleet when the absence of one made no difference to the prosperity of Norway , Denmark , or Holland .
On the other hand , because it required significant and expensive short-run cuts in emissions by industrial countries , it threatened to impose large immediate costs on the American , European , and Japanese economies .
Because the required skills acquired through formal education have become relatively scarcer , the education premium has risen , underpinning a more uneven distribution of income and wealth .
For Smith and his successors over the first 175 years , any episode of sustained economic growth overwhelmingly required investment capital .
But that required , at some point , allowing some bank to fail , and persuading some debt holders and counterparties that the government guarantee of support to institutions that were too big to fail was not certain .
Most importantly , European statesmen , who know in their hearts what is required , must show the courage and the wisdom to lead .
But what is required is to insist that governments comply fully with their human rights obligations , including the right to food , the right of all peoples to freely dispose of their natural wealth and resources , and the right not to be deprived of the means of subsistence .
Moreover , anything beyond that traditional conception of space required a considerable conceptual leap , while the cosmological term made no measurable difference to other predictions .
In 2006 , for example , the NDRC produced a list of plants that were required to cease operations by the end of the following year .
It took a long time for people to notice that women 's eggs were required in large quantities for stem cell technologies : a phenomenon I call `` the lady vanishes . ''
A great deal of preparatory work will be required first .
Yet optimism is required to keep the music going .
This helps to explain why we are seeing new demands to start good-faith negotiations on nuclear disarmament , as has long been required by the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .
To the extent that more than persuasion is required , that would be up to the president -LRB- head of government -RRB- .
The main weakness of Latin America 's economies is that they will be unable to generate the type of rapid and sustained growth required to create jobs and reduce inequality and poverty .
Agility , dynamism , productivity , and economic policies that promote efficiency and enterprise are required .
Governments will be required to let the Commission vet their budgetary plans in advance .
Where national wage-bargaining systems are the obstacle , the European Commission should say so , and countries should be required to change them .
It is almost as if governments like Britain 's are attempting to manipulate the private sector into believing that the dire conditions required for an expansionary fiscal consolidation have already been met .
A crisis sufficient to threaten the entire financial system was required to precipitate the inevitable conglomeratization .
If still more money is required , the International Monetary Fund can create a special facility , using its own resources and matching funds put up by Asian governments and sovereign wealth funds .
And they must give the ECB the political cover that it needs to do what is required to preserve the system .
If stop-gap measures are required during the transition , the Fund must provide leadership there as well .
For others , like the US , future sacrifices are already required , most likely through a combination of higher inflation , austerity , and `` financial repression , '' as governments seek to impose on savers negative real rates of return .
But the international community must hold the FRY to the same high standards for inclusion in intergovernmental structures that have been rightly required of Croatia and Bosnia since 1996 .
Sanctions , embargoes , and diplomatic isolation are the absolute minimum in terms of what is required .
But nuance is exactly what is required .
BEIJING -- Not long after the United States Federal Reserve Board announced its second round of `` quantitative easing '' -LRB- known as QE2 -RRB- , the People 's Bank of China -LRB- PBC -RRB- , China 's central bank , announced two increases of 0.5 percentage points in the required reserve ratio -LRB- RRR -RRB- of bank deposits .
First , unlike in some other countries , Chinese commercial banks are paid reasonable interest rates on required reserves , except for the `` extra reserves '' that they hold .
Experts say another 15 % decline is required just to return to the pre-bubble price path .
What is now required is the will to adopt and implement Ahtisaari 's plan .
This means that in emerging nuclear countries only one single political decision is required to `` weaponize '' a nuclear program .
So the question is simply whether the threat emanating from Russia is so grave that this kind of strategic reorientation on the part of the West is required ?
Domestically , China will be the first country that , due to its sheer size and required GDP growth , is forced to pursue a `` green '' economy .
What is urgently required now are genuine statesmen and stateswomen .
There is , however , little indication that Israel 's government has the vision required for such an undertaking .
From here , then , all that is required to become a nuclear power are a few small technical steps and political leaders ' decision to take them .
Any chance to make this work would have required overhauling the financial system early in 2009 , but that opportunity was largely wasted .
What is required , therefore , is an open bilateral French-German dialogue about a comprehensive realignment of the monetary union .
The European Commission is weary of trying to build a single energy market , which has required it to persuade governments that they must dismantle their existing monopoly operators -- a prerequisite to competition .
A rate cut also may be required to restore confidence .
From the English King , to the American republic , to the Russian motherland , to the German constitution , the object of required loyalty is constantly changing .
Wilson 's colleague , Eric Ponder , was even more pointed , saying that what is required `` is more measurement and less theory . ''
His was a genuine case in which intellectual work was given a fair trial in the proverbial `` court of public opinion '' and required no further oversight .
Unfortunately , this is not required by current legislation in Europe , where only quality , efficacy , and safety must be demonstrated , without any need for comparative studies .
The G-20 was also adamant in 2009 that future stability required a new global financial regime .
This phase culminated with the collapse of communism in 1989 , but the chance to overcome the Continent 's historical divisions now required a redefinition of the European project .
And , after a review of the Rwanda debacle , 400 NGOs and UN organizations working in 80 countries got together in the Sphere Project to develop a common humanitarian mandate and handbook of standards outlining the minimum performance required of any NGO working in a disaster zone .
Underscoring his real agenda , he adds that , `` No radical revision of the fundamental principles governing the operation of the armed forces is required . ''
But it is individual training and the ability to make split-second decisions in a fluid situation that are required in anti-terrorist operations .
Others think that a whole new approach is required .
Indeed , the catastrophes in Japan might finally achieve what decades of conflict in the Middle East have not : compel governments to invest in the research required to develop viable energy alternatives .
Although invention was required , existing scientific methods were used .
Addressing climate change demands a paradigm shift on a scale akin to that required to end the Cold War .
Leaders must be honest about the scale of the challenge and recognize that a systemic and transformational change , not incremental gestures , is required .
Much of the high tax burden required to finance them falls on companies in the form of payroll taxes -LRB- employers ' social security contributions -RRB- , which further deter companies from taking on more staff .
According to the World Bank , developing countries spend an average of 3-4 % of GDP on infrastructure every year , compared to an estimated 7 % of GDP required to meet existing infrastructure needs for maintaining rapid growth . This translates into an annual gap of at least $ 300 billion at current prices .
Obviously , more detailed calculations and analyses are required , along with discussions with governments , existing institutions , rating agencies , and other stakeholders .
A longer-term view is required , because the US is facing a structural-adjustment challenge that will be accompanied by high unemployment .
But it is a risky proposition : if investors exit nonetheless , the required funds might be so large that creditor countries ' taxpayers ' revolt .
Nevertheless , the crisis poses an almost existential challenge to the European Union -- and has required such huge sums -- because it directly implicates the key underlying principle of European governance : the nature of the state .
Displaced farmers and workers must be provided with the education and training required to enter new jobs , as well as the funds , health care , and other essential services that they need to tide them through the transition .
Japan , for its part , needs to continue to open and reform its economy , improve its military , and make its forces available for the sort of low-intensity but manpower-intensive missions , ranging from genocide prevention to nation-building to peacekeeping , that are increasingly required in the greater Middle East and Africa .
What is required is a policy on the part of the global community that mixes military strength with a willingness to negotiate and interact , a policy of collective strength and collective flexibility .
The outside world can and should continue to provide assistance to help Pakistan acquire the strength and skills required to tackle modern-day terrorists .
A country that makes progress on human rights and commits to the change of behavior required to meet these international standards can also make a decisive turn toward a better future .
States that are not involved in the conflict are also required to uphold the rights of the displaced , including the right to return to their homes wherever possible , and this must be addressed in peace agreements and enforced in peacekeeping mandates .
Almost immediately after assuming office , the new governments ordered an end to music in public transport , required public buses to stand still for the five daily prayers , and closed down video shops and cinema houses .
What is required now is recognition that anthropogenic climate change will severely affect our children , grandchildren , the world 's ecosystems , and the world 's poorer communities , and that the severity of the impact can be substantially alleviated by taking action now .
But when we had to modernize our tax system , we could not find the required expertise anywhere in our country .
These traumas required responses very different from previous technological changes .
A solution required generally collaborative efforts -- of a sort that corresponded to an ancient vision of civic republicanism rather than the modern ideas of centralized power or isolated and autonomous individuals .
Initially , both cases went decisively against Microsoft , with a US ruling in 2000 that would have required the company 's break-up , although this was subsequently overturned on appeal .
Monetary experts argued that an agreement on currency stabilization would be highly desirable , but that it required a prior agreement on the dismantling of trade barriers -- all the high tariffs and quotas that had been introduced in the course of the depression .
In the case of the banks that required state rescues , European competition rules are requiring divestment and downsizing .
Instead , he thought that radical unilateral action was required .
Only one German bank , the notoriously mismanaged Hypo Real Estate , which had already required massive state help , failed .
A more sophisticated approach is required .
Is an amendment to the EU treaty required ?
For example , freezers that require CFC 's can be freely exported from , say , Sweden , where they can no longer legally be refilled when required , to Egypt , where refilling is allowed .
Naturally , self-awareness of this underlying wish to be sexually attractive is not required . The mechanism works all the same .
The protective suits that specially-trained people are legally required to wear in the European Union or the US when demolishing , rebuilding , or repairing any building containing asbestos underscore the risk of pulmonary fibrosis and lung cancer for Lebanese who inhale dust from bombed-out houses and offices .
And Kanjorski probably is right that not much would be required . `` If just one regulator uses these extraordinary powers -LRB- to break up too-big-to-fail banks -RRB- just once , '' he says , `` it will send a powerful message , '' one that would `` significantly reform how all financial services firms behave forever more . ''
Moreover , the benefits rise , because the restructuring clauses required for new debt , together with Germany 's highly visible efforts to avoid future government bailouts , raise the interest-rate spreads that weaker countries must pay today .
For example , Greece 's debt stock , including required bridge financing under the IMF program , should peak at around 150 % of GNP in 2014 ; much of this debt is external .
-LRB- Indeed , her book with Ken Rogoff , This Time Is Different , should be required reading for US policymakers . -RRB-
In the period after 1998 , the United States provided almost the entire required deficit .
For example , in the US , energy efficiency measures alone can save over a trillion dollars , while driving job creation and growth in the short-term , aiding the economic recovery and providing the economic stimulus required to accelerate investment in low-carbon energy generation and use .
2 . A clear commitment to the global pricing of carbon that allows businesses to invest with confidence and at the scale required .
3 . A deal that supports , through a mixture of both public and private financing , the infrastructure required to shift to a low-carbon economy .
Alternatively , the number of working years required to qualify for a full retirement benefit can be increased .
Such policies also facilitated structural change , as older workers often lack the skills required in emerging economic sectors .
But this is still not enough : it is generally acknowledged that average growth rates of around 6-8 % are required if Africa is to make real headway in curtailing poverty .
Substantial corrections will be required to the entire political agenda , which , multiplied by the astonishing ideology of building national capitalism in one country , is currently too reminiscent of the policies that led to the Soviet Union 's disintegration .
Unlike most other party leaders , he was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped him win support and then power later , but he also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist-Leninist gobbledygook that he was required to recite at public events .
But democracy required an election , and many now argue that the current mayor , Michael Bloomberg , has performed even better than Giuliani might have done in reviving the city .
Courage and conviction will be required of leaders to do what they know to be right .
PAHO and WHO estimate that an additional 350 doctors , 2,000 nurses , and 2,200 support staff will be required over the next three months .
Still others are required to educate and promote better hygiene in camps and communities .
The reason : we are there with what is required -- medical aid , sanitation , and clean water .
We can not reform this organization without the required resources .
Large increases in public and private expenditures will therefore be required in many regions of the world to counteract falling demand .
My own five-point plan to achieve this goal begins with a call for the NPT Parties to pursue negotiations in good faith -- as required by the treaty -- on nuclear disarmament , either through a new convention or through a series of mutually reinforcing instruments backed by a credible system of verification . Disarmament must be reliably verified .
But it is wrong -- at least for now -- to think that a formal structure of alliances to contain China is needed in the way that one was required to contain the Soviet Union .
Some of these workers are directed by North Korea 's embassy in Teheran , which is primarily concerned with acting as a Party watchdog over fellow citizens stationed in Iran . North Korean diplomatic attaches are required to conduct weekly and monthly self-criticism sessions .
But the precision experiments required to measure the strong force can be designed and built with known technology .
Guarantees of minority civil and political rights would be required , as well as assurances for the preservation of Serbian Orthodox religious sites such as the Pec Monastery .
Israeli officials ' claims that barring the movement of people and goods is required for security reasons do not withstand scrutiny .
The coming months will reveal whether we are , indeed , witnessing the dawn of the post-Oslo era in Palestinian politics , and whether a new leader , with new supporters , will be required to revive the Palestinian cause .
The US efforts , led by Special Envoy George Mitchell , have shown clearly that the current ruling coalition in Israel is incapable of doing the minimum required for peace .
Pulling away from dictators without trying to take credit for or hijack the revolt was exactly what was required .
Tenth-grade chemistry makes use of ninth-grade physics , deepening and enriching the student 's grasp , but no basic chemical or biological principles are required for ninth-grade physics .
While barbers , hairdressers , taxi drivers , bar owners , and doctors are often licensed , permits are rarely required to operate a tanning parlor .
It also argued that labeling GM foods is required in accordance with consumers ' right to make informed choices about what they eat .
NATO has been trying for years -- without success -- to get its member states to spend the required 2 % of GDP on defense .
Last April , the leader of the UK 's opposition Conservative Party , David Cameron , explained why we should establish a real operational fund for NATO expeditionary missions , with every member state required to contribute .
Travel broadens the mind , they say , but for that to happen , more is required than merely frequent changes of location .
To acquire an insight into how people from other cultures perceive the world , what is required is knowledge of how they live and experience life .
Health officials around the world should maintain their vigilance and prepare for the possibility that renewed control efforts will be required if SARS resurges .
Continued surveillance and infection control measures will be required to ensure that the accomplishments of the last few months are not undone by a few undetected cases that touch off new SARS hot spots .
Enrollment is voluntary and expanding gradually ; the poorest , who are fully subsidized , have preference and are required to participate in health promotion activities .
These sorts of reforms bring massive returns relative to the investment required to finance them .
Often , there is a strong sentiment that we should do anything required to ameliorate a situation .
The grain required to fill the tank of an SUV with ethanol is enough to feed one African for a year .
What is required is not simply political will .
They suggest partially funding the required research and development with a `` slowly rising but initially low carbon tax '' that would avoid undermining economic growth .
Perhaps a maximally extended life expectancy is of higher value to you than living in a society where doctors do not leave curable patients to die if they can not pay for the required treatment out of their own pockets .
Both required the Japanese government to display considerable agility in its rescue efforts .
Tailored solutions are required -- what works in one city might not work in others -- but , because problems arising from weak or absent coordination are widespread , emerging markets should consider governance models that vest accountability for urban health outcomes -- together with the authority to shape them -- in city governments .
The course was rigorous - only seven of 33 students finished it - as it required mastering the technical minutiae of collecting , crosschecking , standardizing , and reporting enormous masses of information .
Indeed , the president is no longer required to provide the usual five-year forecast of the country 's fiscal position .
And , of course , the political sensitivity of Europe 's imbalances consists precisely in telling deficit countries that they must accept enduring hard times while surplus countries are required merely to save a little less .
But Japan 's long-floundering economy has eaten revenue from traditional activities that required muscle , such as gambling , prostitution , and loan-sharking .
Western Union charges fees as high as 25 % on transfers to these countries , compared to an average global benchmark of 5 % , and has required that Franc-Zone countries sign exclusivity agreements , thereby preventing foreign-exchange bureaux , post offices , and micro-finance institutions from carrying out money transfers .
I appreciate that close cooperation and partnership with member states are required , and I am ready to work with them in whatever way I can to help them to transpose and apply EU law correctly .
Originators or managers of these securitizations will be required to retain a meaningful stake in each tranche of the issue .
This was particularly audacious , for it required us to abandon the supreme Hippocratic principle according to which it is unprofessional to injure a healthy person .
Verve and fanfare may be alien to Brussels , but what is urgently required is a sense of political showmanship that restores confidence in the European project as well as the economy .
The contribution of the Helsinki process in Europe was its recognition that true peace required a new relationship between rulers and ruled as well as between states .
But paradoxically , it may also contain an element of forgetfulness , because it tends to conceal the fact that liberation required a military defeat .
The new `` Competitiveness Pact , '' proposed at the EU summit by France and Germany , did not make the same pretensions to global grandeur , but was instead sold as a step required to ensure the survival of the euro .
Since 1997 , the United States Congress has required the Department of Defense to undertake a major defense review every four years .
This can delay for years the expenditures required to protect people 's health and the environment .
Such a Poland required a moral revolution in which crimes would be punished , virtue rewarded , and injustice redeemed .
Overly burdensome Codex standards for GM foods are ominous not only because of their direct effects on research and development , but also because members of the World Trade Organization will , in principle , be required to follow them .
But the massive undertaking required to `` improve health practices in the poorest countries of the world '' plays better on the editorial page than on the ground .
To be sure , foreign corporations can do good things : bring in fresh ideas , techniques , and processes , as well as capital and the scale required in some contemporary forms of manufacturing .
Ghana certainly needs to develop economically , because material wealth is required to improve health , provide education , and sustain democracy .
In the opinion of Royal 's many opponents among Socialist leaders and militants , the dominance of the media in the political process is leading to mediocrity : the qualities required to be elected are becoming nearly incompatible with those needed to govern .
In Europe , transcending nationalism required not only two devastating world wars in the first half of the twentieth century , but also the prevalence of democratic regimes .
An anybody-but-Sarkozy reflex may exist in some circles of French society , but , in order to prevail , a credible alternative is required .
Rapid response is required of governments , United Nations agencies , regulatory authorities , and the pharmaceutical industry for coordination , surveillance , and vaccine production .
Numerous provincial and municipal TV stations are also required to carry some CCTV programming .
Clearly , judgment is required .
It should articulate more clearly Europe 's future military roles and missions , determine the military capabilities required , identify shortfalls , and develop projects and initiatives to address the most critical gaps .
The controversy illustrates the care that is required in publishing human-rights reports .
Not one detainee has been accorded prisoner-of-war status ; none has been granted a hearing as required by the Geneva Conventions in cases of doubt .
Under the AIPPA , reporters are required to file their home addresses with the government ; presumably this is what the word `` privacy '' in the law 's title means .
So no changes are required to the laws or the Constitution for him to remain a key political player .
The trick will be to induce the brain to produce and deliver to the correct destination any kind of neuron that might be needed , so that regardless of cell class , new cells of the required kind can replace others of the same type that have died .
At the same time , emissions can not be reduced at the extent required without the central contribution of the developing world .
If there is to be a genuine review of the accusations against these detainees , how can it be known in advance that the third category will be required ?
To kill so many people in the 20th century , a Hitler or Stalin required the apparatus of a totalitarian government .
But even if America has lost some of its attractive `` soft power , '' Europe 's post-industrial publics are not willing to pay the price -- a doubling or tripling of defense spending as a share of GDP -- to invest in the military power that would be required to balance its hard power .
While it is true that Germany and Japan became democratic after American occupation , it required their total defeat in a devastating war , and a seven-year occupation .
This followed a UN Security Council resolution that condemned North Korea 's missile launches of July 5 , demanded that it return to the negotiating table , and required UN members to prevent the import and export of any material or money related to North Korea 's missile or unconventional weapons programs .
Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz testified to Congress that Shinseki 's estimate of the number of troops required was `` wildly off the mark . ''
Leaders need enough managerial skill to assure that systems are in place to provide the information required for good decisions as well as effective implementation .
The organizational skills required for leaders as managers should not be confused with the efficiency or tidiness of a well-run organization .
Their main argument was that the shortcomings of EU-level democratic practices required the German Bundestag to retain a substantial number of policy competences .
The G-20 , however , has largely focused on re-regulating domestic finance , whereas cross-border finance has been left entirely off its agenda , as if it required no regulation -- and indeed as if it were not part of global finance .
Indeed , only seven years ago , the word federation was banned from the Chinese language ; companies like Federal Transport or Federation Merchants were required to change their names .
After all the diplomacy and effort that these epoch-making events required , European policymakers should be able to tackle reform of the IMF , the World Bank , the G-7 , and the G-8 . Yet all of these institutions still reflect the post-World War II status quo , which serves little purpose in today 's world .
If this is n't daunting enough , consider this : if we delay taking action by even a few years , we probably wo n't hit the required targets , even with a temporary decline in carbon emissions associated with reduced economic activity in the near term .
But democratic transformation in Hungary required an opposition strategy throughout the 1980 's : revolution would n't work , as the Soviet invasion in 1956 showed .
By contrast , euroization so far has required a fair degree of prior fiscal consolidation , a credible and independent monetary policy , reasonably competitive financial institutions , and flexible labor markets .
In the 1980 's , adjustment programs required countries to cut back on their expenditures , including outlays on education , health , water , agriculture , and other sectors that make a difference to poor households .
True , China has made the kind of economic advances in three decades that required 100 years in Western countries .
Changing entrenched attitudes could not happen overnight : it required a step-by-step process of confidence-building measures , from the grassroots level to the heights of political power .
But , according to the vote counts released by the government after a suspicious month-long delay , the MDC 's margin of victory -- 48 % to 43 % -- fell short of the 50 % required to avoid a run-off election .
Personally , I do not think that those whose philosophy deplores the whole idea of government , except when it is required to bail out businesses or banks , and who purport to offer a better future by stitching together the shreds and tatters of policies that helped produce today 's economic disaster , will have much respect or support from voters .
It is not just that tough measures will be required to rein in public spending for years to come .
Most importantly , American and European leadership is required to avoid a lurch into protectionism and the consequent killing off of the Doha trade round .
Even Senator Barack Obama , who has demonstrated a clear commitment to building a more open-minded , less unilateral relationship with the rest of the world , has said things about Palestine and Israel that would appear to rule out the sort of initiatives required for a peace agreement .
It would at least be a welcome challenge to be required to put our efforts where our mouths have been .
The many decisions required to ensure success must be gotten right not just once but repeatedly , though , without such transparency , the risks of corruption and misallocation obviously are much higher .
The most important measures required cutting budget deficits , often at the cost of lowering public expenditures .
Even assuming China 's willingness to help Europe 's troubled economies , it would be able to contribute only a modest portion of the huge amount of financing required to restore confidence in European sovereign debt .
Leaving aside the cost in terms of human lives , the economic costs of maintaining peace are but a fraction of what would be required for humanitarian assistance , military intervention , and peacekeeping operations should the country relapse into conflict .
In many cases , economic reconstruction has failed partly because donors required that their own nationals or companies be used .
Since that meeting in 2000 , the commitments made by most nations have fallen short of what is required , and 2015 is now only six years away .
This stance carries a high cost : the empathy of the Muslim masses that is required to defeat those who debase Islam in their name .
The court , for example , required Musharraf to present alleged terror suspects -- some of whome were likely `` rendered '' to Pakistan by the CIA -- detained for years without government acknowledgment .
Yet , to see the crisis coming would have required someone who knew about each of these areas -- just as it takes a good general practitioner to recognize an exotic disease .
But , while emerging economies are proving to be drivers of global demand , the right mix of government initiatives and policies is still required to ensure that they continue to provide the impetus for faster world economic recovery in the short term and be the engines of sustainable growth in the medium and long term .
While the public sector will continue to play an important role , given the massive investment required , substantial private investment -- including foreign investment -- would be needed to address India 's huge `` infrastructure deficit '' and the financing gap that accompanies it .
Under the IMF Articles of Agreement , members are required to collaborate to promote a stable system of exchange rates and to avoid manipulation with a view to gaining an unfair trade advantage .
Not even an organized network would be required ; just a fanatic with the mindset of those who now design computer viruses .
Indeed , including aggression would have required me to investigate and potentially prosecute the decision to go to war -- inherently a profoundly political decision .
Major efforts to shift from saving toward spending are also required .
Reversion to that earlier share is likely as American consumers make the transition from the insanity of the boom to the sanity required of the bust .
The era of floating exchange rates that followed the end of the gold standard required the development of products that could protect international trade from price volatility .
A comforting thought -- if you still want to believe in financial sanity -- is that this was a case of a `` perfect storm , '' a rare failure that required a large number of stars to be in alignment simultaneously .
The scale of the lending that is required will likely run into hundreds of billions of US dollars , and exceed anything that the IMF has done to date .
Policy space is also required to ensure that important social and political ends -- such as food security -- are compatible with international trade rules .
The history of capitalism has been a process of learning and re-learning these lessons . Adam Smith 's idealized market society required little more than a `` night-watchman state . ''
The postwar mixed economy was built for and operated at the level of nation-states , and required keeping the international economy at bay .
Countries were required to undertake only limited trade liberalization , with plenty of exceptions for socially sensitive sectors -LRB- agriculture , textiles , services -RRB- .
But when he and others advocate it to the exclusion of alternatives , they end up communicating a vastly exaggerated degree of confidence about what course of action is required .
Free trade and the gold standard had required downplaying domestic priorities such as social reform , nation-building , and cultural reassertion . Economic crisis and the failure of international cooperation undermined not only globalization , but also the elites that upheld the existing order .
IMF loans thus relieve austerity : they help governments limit the amount of budgetary belt-tightening required in a crisis .
The former Polish president , Aleksander Kwasniewski , had , it seemed , provided a perverse lesson in virtue when , having been caught lying about his educational credentials , protested that he did not remember whether he had actually defended his master 's thesis as required to receive his degree .
As at present , there would be a central rate with a fluctuation band of 15 % on either side to guide market expectations . However , intervention would not be required at these margins .
Major policy , regulatory , and supervisory reforms will be required to clean up the current mess and create a sounder global financial system .
All of these economies were already growing anemically and below trend , as the ongoing process of deleveraging required a slowdown of public and private spending in order to increase saving rates and reduce debts .
More monetary and credit easing is also required for the US Federal Reserve , the Bank of Japan , the Bank of England , and the Swiss National Bank .
The push towards a modern welfare state accelerated after the Great Depression , when the state took on the responsibility for macroeconomic stabilization -- a role that required the maintenance of a large middle class by widening the provision of public goods through progressive taxation of incomes and wealth and fostering economic opportunity for all .
What Koran verse required those travellers to be roasted alive ?
As the World Court pointed out , its judgment last week did not refute that crucial point : `` The Court is not required by the question it has been asked to take a position ... on whether international law generally confers an entitlement on entities within a State to break away from this -LRB- State -RRB- . ''
Likewise , the Court was not asked and did not rule on whether Serbia or , indeed , any other state in the world community is required to recognize Kosovo as an independent state .
The Court has required that amnesties granted to political and military leaders in Argentina and other countries in the region as part of a transition to democracy be set aside .
But , with no single all-powerful leader , it will be hard for any successor to force through the difficult decisions required by such an orientation .
Indeed , economic theory suggests that the interest-rate differential should be offset on average by depreciation of the currency with the higher interest rate , the differential thus reflecting the compensation required by investors to hold money in relatively risky currencies .
Years are required for each major IPCC report , including the `` Fourth Assessment Report , '' which was completed this year .
Governments have signed treaties to limit the damage , but they are not acting on those promises with the urgency required , in part because they do not understand the underlying scientific challenges .
As a result , many more votes were recorded by the ECK for the presidential race than for the parliamentary race , even though voters were clearly instructed -- indeed required -- to cast a vote in both races .
History has shown that government action is required to help the poorest farmers escape the low-yield poverty trap .
Each should understand the basic directions of change that will be required at the national level and globally , and all nations must share in the deployment of new sustainable technologies and in the co-financing of global responsibilities , such as increased investments in African infrastructure .
There should be one major multi-donor bank account to finance the heavy outlays required for Haiti 's recovery .
To be sure , we should support economic growth and development , but only in a broader context : one that promotes environmental sustainability and the values of compassion and honesty that are required for social trust .
He declared in London recently that `` the credibility of the UN depends on a willingness to keep its word and to act when action is required . ''
Instead of hearing more lectures from the IMF about cutting budgets , poor countries need larger budgets to pay for the required investments - roads , power supplies , ports , schools , and health clinics - to jump-start economic growth .
Strong US leadership is required to push the WTO in this direction while avoiding an EU-style future -LRB- regulatory overload -RRB- or a UN-style future -LRB- an irrelevant talking shop -RRB- .
While `` fairness '' may well be in the eyes of the beholder , in some cases , the host country may not have had the expertise required to negotiate the best possible deal -- a frequent situation when MNEs negotiate with the least developed countries -LRB- the world 's 50 poorest countries , most of them in sub-Saharan Africa -RRB- .
The ICAF would function like an escrow account into which the firm pays the funds required for the host country to hire a negotiating team .
The escrow account manager then invites the country to select a team , suggesting what skills are required and perhaps even providing a roster of experts .
In addition , reliable risk prediction models are required to learn more about the combined effect of certain patterns of susceptibility factors on overall lifetime risk and response to therapy , including their role as objects of targeted therapies .
Moreover , nationalizing banks would have required dismissing Wall Street captains and their boards for grossly mismanaging their firms .
Inflation futures appear to be gaining hold in part because the new contract is traded on an efficient electronic market -LRB- the Globex system -RRB- that allows futures contracts to get going without the initial splash that is required by open-outcry pit-based futures markets .
Adhering to the gold standard during the Great Depression implied a deflationary monetary-policy bias , since it required keeping interest rates relatively high to encourage investors to hold deposits in banks rather than demanding the gold that backed them .
Both were random hits generated by sudden shifts in investor confidence ; both represented big setbacks that required years to recover from fully .
All that is required is that growth in housing supply eventually outstrips investors ' faith in capitalism to sustain faster growth in demand .
The only reason that such labeling has not yet been required is the same reason that nutritional labels were not required long ago on foods .
The lack of a direct relationship with Europe 's people deprives these bodies of the pressure required to bring about rapid action and responsive policies .
The outcome could be a genetic `` arms race '' that leads to taller and taller children , with significant environmental costs in the additional consumption required to fuel larger human beings .
However , it soon became apparent that the task required more than part-time attention , and the following year , after raising $ 300,000 from their colleagues , Karnofsky and Hassenfeld left their jobs and began working full-time for GiveWell and its associated grant-making body , The Clear Fund .
Canada 's taxpayers are not required to support the religious beliefs held by their fellow-citizens .
If you earn less than $ 100,000 , you do n't have to give away anything at all , and if you earn , say , $ 110,000 , you would be required to give away only $ 1,000 -- less than 1 % of your income .
Hollis and Pogge estimate that about $ 6 billion a year would be required to enable the Fund to provide a sufficient incentive for drug companies to register products that target the diseases of the poor .
Taking the several inconvenient and sometimes unpleasant steps required to have a child together by means of IVF can be , and often is , the result of a much more deliberate and reciprocally loving act than sexual intercourse .
For the past two years , almost all gambling in Norway has required the use of an electronic card .
If the evidence can not be provided , stunning before slaughter will be required in the Netherlands .
Above all , Israel must wonder if the peace treaty with Egypt will hold , and , if not , how to carry out the massive restructuring of its defense posture that will be required .
Markets encourage the required debt discipline in a timelier manner by charging higher interest rates on government debt .
Indeed , this year , two countries , Greece and Ireland , were bailed out by the rest of the EU , even though Article 125 of the consolidated EU treaty stipulates that no member state is to stand in for the debt of another , a guarantee that Germany required as a pre-condition for giving up its beloved Deutschmark .
Some central banks , such as the Bank of England in its unsuccessful fight against George Soros in 1992 , got burned ; when it became clear how much money was required to buck the market , the policy was abandoned .
The sums required for this could ultimately run into trillions , according to an estimate by Citibank .
In practice , however , financial means in the form of assets or regular income are uniformly required from all immigrants , regardless of their individual characteristics .
But Afghan Defense Minister Abdul Rahim Wardak subsequently said that resolution of the conflict required a `` political settlement '' with the Taliban .
The prudential supervision regime initiated by the Bank of Spain in response to the Spanish banking crises of the 1980 's and 1990 's shows what a sensible middle way might look like . Spanish banks are required to increase their deposits in proportion to their lending and set aside capital against assets in their off-balance sheets .
According to the statute that established the ICC , the prosecutor is required to ensure that any prosecution is in the interests of the victims as well as of justice .
LONDON -- From next year , on swearing allegiance to the Queen , all members of Britain 's House of Lords -- and I am one of them -- will be required to sign a written commitment to honesty and integrity .
Reserves of member banks at Fed were $ 256 million more than required in 1932 ; $ 528 million in 1933 , $ 1.6 billion in 1934 , $ 2.6 billion in 1936 . ''
Under an international agreement known as Basel III , banks are to be required to hold a higher ratio of equity capital against `` risk-weighted assets , '' and leverage is to be limited to a smaller percentage of such assets .
In the overwhelming majority of cases , those resources fall far short of what is required to successfully intervene in a crisis .
It is up to those members -- to all of our governments - to provide both the necessary will and the required resources .
Paradoxically , some deem human rights to be wholly inefficacious where their recognition is most required .
Instead of introducing more legislation that is tainted both in the popular imagination and in its utility , Britain could , after all , trust its constitution to act as and when required to safeguard liberty and fair play .
Establishing joint management and overhauling conventional defense capacities will be a two-pronged challenge : functional , owing to the traditional schema of defense organizations , and political , inasmuch as a cession of state sovereignty will be required .
The IMF has required that Brazil run a `` primary surplus '' -LRB- i.e. interest on government debt is excluded in the budget calculations -RRB- of 3.75 % on its budget .
The Washington Consensus starts by asking how big a budget surplus is needed in order to keep indebtedness within bounds ; the higher the interest rates , the bigger the required surplus .
The terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , required a strong response .
The separation of powers , free speech , and free elections alone can not ensure open society ; a strong commitment to the pursuit of truth is also required .
No Licenses to Kill NEW YORK -- In the last year , we endured a remarkable experience ; after the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers in September 2008 , financial markets actually collapsed and required artificial life support .
Two fundamental modifications are required .
A group of farsighted statesmen , inspired by the vision of a United States of Europe , recognized that this ideal could be approached only gradually , by setting limited objectives , mobilizing the political will needed to achieve them , and concluding treaties that required states to surrender only as much sovereignty as they could bear politically .
But market fundamentalists are wrong in claiming that eliminating moral hazard is all that is required to put the international financial system on a sound footing .
This is not so much because further top-down measures are needed , but because market failures hamper the required bottom-up drive .
That will involve a loss of full fiscal sovereignty , but facing up to that reality is required to sustain the monetary union .
These conditions had all the makings of a depression scenario , with credit rationing destroying businesses indiscriminately , and thus required fast , aggressive , and unconventional action by the US government and the Federal Reserve .
To support this shift , much is required .
These efforts will require far-reaching reforms . What is required is de-politicized fiscal and macroeconomic surveillance , stricter and more binding budgetary rules , smoother recourse to sanctions for breaching them , and close co-ordination of economic policies .
What is needed is not rhetoric , but levelheaded efforts to find practical and forward-looking solutions to key issues on which regional and international cooperation is urgently required .
In most successful transitions , the first step toward forging the unity required to create an interim government is taken when the diverse groups begin to meet more often , develop common strategies , and issue collective statements .
Right now , I cast my vote for the latter , especially since the huge debt legacy is likely to dampen enthusiasm for the big stimulus that is required .
Fiscal policy was required . But not all fiscal policies are equivalent .
Have those who pushed deregulation ten years ago learned their lesson ? Or will they simply push for cosmetic reforms -- the minimum required to justify the mega-trillion dollar bailouts ?
Too Big to Live NEW YORK -- A global controversy is raging : what new regulations are required to restore confidence in the financial system and ensure that a new crisis does not erupt a few years down the line .
That is why King , Paul Volcker , the United Nations Commission of Experts on Reforms of the International Monetary and Financial System , and a host of others are right about the need to curb the big banks . What is required is a multi-prong approach , including special taxes , increased capital requirements , tighter supervision , and limits on size and risk-taking activities .
-LRB- Since it began revaluing its exchange rate in July 2005 , the adjustment has been half or more of what most experts think is required . -RRB-
The euro was an interesting experiment , but , like the almost-forgotten exchange-rate mechanism -LRB- ERM -RRB- that preceded it and fell apart when speculators attacked the British pound in 1992 , it lacks the institutional support required to make it work .
The government may pretend that it has not experienced a capital loss , because , unlike banks , it is not required to use mark-to-market accounting .
Five core ingredients are required .
In Afghanistan and Iraq , the US and its allies knew that long-term victory required winning hearts and minds .
But by making ourselves more sensitive to their presence and becoming aware of the distorted incentives to which they give rise , as well as by imposing regulations that limit their scope and increasing the amount of required disclosure , we can mitigate their consequences , both in the public and the private sector .
Banking `` reform , '' for example , frequently soon required government bail-outs , leaving a few people much richer , but the country much poorer .
Its advocates argued that efficiency required adopting a comprehensive Value Added Tax .
In Brazil and elsewhere , the IMF 's distorted accounting frameworks - - what it does and does not count as expenditures - continues to impede the investments required to modernize public-sector enterprises and to put a major roadblock in the way of land reform .
What is required is `` upskilling , '' improving the quality of education , especially in science and technology .
A host of surveys is required to figure out what it really means , for the United States - and for the world .
Congress rightly felt nervous about turning over control of nuclear production to a firm in weak financial conditions , and required Treasury certification .
Worry about inflation led the Fed to increase interest rates in late 2000 , when the impending slowdown required the opposite medicine .
What is required , first and foremost , are market-based incentives to induce Americans to use less energy and to produce more energy in ways that emit less carbon .
But the fight against corruption was always to be only one part of a more comprehensive development agenda that was required .
Malaysia also recognized that success required an active role for government .
What is required is to give individuals with excessive indebtedness an expedited way to a fresh start -- for example , a special bankruptcy provision allowing them to recover , say , 75 % of the equity they originally put into the house , with the lenders bearing the cost .
So the advanced countries must be ready to provide the required financing , and to do so on an unprecedented scale .
Collective efforts by the international community , national governments , and civil society , including the private sector , are required to meet the employment challenge in the twenty-first century .
Governments in rich countries are beginning to spell out just what that will mean in terms of policy and lifestyle changes and the investments required to develop clean energy sources .
This time , moreover , the burden will not fall on one country alone , and a broader mix of traditional and innovative sources of financing are already available to help fund the required investment programs in energy efficiency and renewables .
This was done at the behest of the United States , which at the time was embroiled in the Vietnam War and required , for understandable security reasons , the use of the island of Diego Garcia as an air and naval base .
But this required inventing a new kind of collective agency that could decide and act together , to which one could attribute - a la Rousseau -- a `` will . ''
Pharmaceutical companies sponsor most drug treatment studies , with the primary purpose being to secure the licenses required to market their products .
We know that Iran built a uranium conversion facility in Isfahan to convert uranium yellowcake into uranium hexafluoride gas -LRB- UF6 -RRB- , the feedstock for uranium enrichment , without the required prior notifications to the IAEA .
For this reason alone , the IAEA 's board must refer Iran to the Security Council for further actions , as required by the agency 's charter .
Some required billions of dollars of international support .
Both the patient-support function and the surveillance function required use of a unique patient identifier , so that letters could be mailed to patients and tests from the same patient could be linked over time .
Logically , the surveillance system should operate by extracting the entire subset of data required for surveillance purposes from each health-care provider 's patient management information system -LRB- `` front-end capture '' -RRB- .
Scarcity of parchment required all decision-making to be concentrated in a court consisting of a handful of people .
In addition , we call on the African Union , with the support of the United Nations , to send an investigative mission to Zimbabwe to determine what additional measures may be required to carry out the internationally accepted `` responsibility to protect . ''
The first step is to gather reliable information so that it is possible to know what international measures are required to prevent a disaster .
Since this quantity is required by the government to be blended with gasoline , regardless of the price of ethanol , corn , or gasoline , the demand that it creates for corn is not at all responsive to the price of corn .
If the real interest rate on Greek debt were 4 % -LRB- more or less what Greece is paying now for the emergency loans from the European Union -RRB- and annual GDP grew by 2 % on average , the required primary fiscal surplus each year for the next quarter-century would be 5.7 % of GDP .
The required cut is large : eliminating half of Greece 's public debt obligation would leave it at nearly 80 % of GDP , a ratio higher than Spain 's .
And all firms with annual revenues of $ 1 million or more seem to have required some form of support from party officials , who serve as gatekeepers for all forms of licensing , sourcing , and financing .
The technical conditions required for the Single Euro Payments Area -LRB- SEPA -RRB- have been met .
Unfortunately , it is estimated that `` attacking '' an asteroid would cost billions of dollars , especially since multiple space launches would likely be needed to ensure that the required number of probes could complete the mission .
The starting point for the West in trying to assist Egypt 's transition must be recognition that patient , long-term engagement will be required .
Scientists and engineers are being produced at rates comparable or higher than in the past , and , while few non-science students find their required science courses enjoyable or useful , that is considered to be inherent to the subject .
Accordingly , each year , every county is required to submit a budget that projects two years ahead which demonstrates how its budget will be balanced in that time .
For example , if the required majority of shareholders adopts such a plan , the court should protect the rights of the minority of creditors who may have opposed it .
How can an enterprise being restructured , say , find a way to issue securities for financing if it can not meet conventional standards such as profitability and net asset value , as required by the Company Law and the Securities Law ?
But aggressive follow-up therapy will be required to prevent the remaining Al Qaeda cells from metastasizing by acquiring more adherents who believe in violence to achieve the ` purification ' and empowerment of Islam .
My longstanding skepticism about this promise has now hardened into certainty : the Yukos affair will make it impossible to sustain the growth rate required to achieve this goal because the arrest of Mikhail Khodorkovsky and the seizure of his assets has dealt a devastating blow to business confidence .
The enormous effort expended to bring the Protocol into force nonetheless indicates how much work will be required to produce the next treaty , due to be agreed in Copenhagen in December 2009 .
On May 19 , the state 's voters , in a special election , rejected an array of tax increases and spending cuts required to balance its budget .
Their governments would fight hard to protect these companies from being required to pay for the societal risks that they represent .
Under such a scheme , the Soviet Union in 1986 , for example , would have been required to pay for the costs that the Chernobyl accident imposed on European farmers and health-care systems .
If European officials thought Greece needed to be saved , an immediate European intervention in favor of Greece would have minimized the resources required .
