Rumsfeld 's charge -- vehemently denied by Syria -- now tops a long list of unresolved issues in Syria 's relations with the US : Syria 's open-ended military intervention in Lebanon and continued support of Hezbollah there ; its supposed involvement in the 1982 suicide attack in Beirut that killed 241 US Marines ; its continued support of various `` outlawed '' Palestinian groups ; and its allegedly growing stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons .
Nonetheless , outstanding issues between Syria and the US would be better resolved using smart diplomacy than smart bombs .
The struggling economy does not need the disruption of even a rapidly resolved military conflict .
Unresolved , it will provide a sure means of preventing Turkey 's membership by those who are against it .
Like many other cardinal questions , the tension between these approaches is unlikely to be resolved conclusively .
The remaining weeks of 2008 will be crucial to Europe 's efforts to regain the initiative and to attempt to attenuate the effects of the crisis while also addressing unresolved problems on the EU reform agenda .
The looming accession process will be even more painful , but Turkey 's people are firmly resolved to face this challenge .
But none of the underlying tensions are resolved .
The other scenario is when the two sides have already engaged in bilateral peace talks , paid the domestic political price , and reached agreement on most issues , though some matters remain unresolved and threaten to derail the process .
Yet some issues remained unresolved .
These issues will not be resolved overnight . But there is much that can be done relatively quickly .
First and foremost , West European leaders must ensure that the crisis is resolved at the core , and many observers doubt that they have done enough .
Never resolved , modern Turkey 's deep identity complex is now shaking its strategic alliances and recasting its regional and global role .
Israel would not like to be seen as the spoiler of a diplomatic solution to a dispute that in any case can not be resolved by military means alone .
Basic issues concerning the efficacy and safety of consuming relatively high doses of antioxidant supplements need to be resolved .
And the fundamental problem is that how the battle is resolved will affect the amount of the losses .
Most EU members view these as open questions , unlikely to be resolved soon .
A battle between the president and legislature over control of federal spending has not been fully resolved .
India granted Pakistan MFN status in 1996 , but Pakistan held back , hoping to win concessions from India on the unresolved issue of Kashmir .
Of course , we have lots of problems that the EU wants to see resolved : unfettered corruption , poor public administration , a justice system that makes a mockery of impartiality , and an economy which , despite some progress , has not yet been declared a `` functioning market '' by the European Commission .
Indeed , if they are not resolved among those who cherish liberty , the price will be high .
Thus , at the end of 2004 , the most important global task remains unresolved : creation of a confident nucleus for the Free World .
It may well be resolved with different answers that accord with different countries ' traditions , although tax credits and similar additions to people 's incomes are more compatible with free societies .
The mystery is of course easily resolved ; its name is differentiation .
But if this were the real reason for the breakdown , one would expect it to be resolved by detailed haggling over the voting arrangements .
The latter move by the ECB has underscored a number of unresolved questions about the structure of the Bank and how it makes its decisions .
A difference of opinion that rested on different judgments about how the world works , which could -LRB- and ultimately was -RRB- resolved by empirical research , you might say .
All alleged `` paradoxes '' of quantum theory are similarly resolved .
All of this can be decided at the next European Council , even before the constitutional problem is resolved .
Not surprisingly , the empirical evidence that trade imbalances can be resolved through exchange rate changes alone is unconvincing .
That issue and the unresolved Palestine-Israel debacle are holding off immediate action .
Seventy-five percent of crimes are not reported due to lack of trust in the authorities , and 98 % of crimes are never resolved or punished .
No important issues were resolved , and no progress was made on the many topics that increasingly divide the countries of Latin America and the US .
The second signal was sent when Greece successfully vetoed membership for Macedonia , a move that reflected the two countries ' unresolved conflict over Macedonia 's name -LRB- which Greece insists must be Former Yugoslav Republic Of Macedonia -- FYROM -- one of the most disgraceful acronyms harassing international politics today -RRB- .
Security forces have not helped resolved them .
That article reflects the deep , unresolved problems of Putin 's era : the inability to distinguish between the Soviet past and the Russian present ; an unscrupulous mix of political conservatism and historical revisionism ; and indifference , bordering on incomprehension , with regard to the key values of democracy .
The so-called `` food crisis '' of 2008 was not really a crisis in the sense of a condition that can be resolved by the quick application of emergency measures .
The issue is Kosovo 's status -- the last unresolved piece of the bloodstained Balkans puzzle .
The deep technological and social changes unleashed by the forces of modernity create tensions that , in the end , can not be resolved without appropriate normative and institutional responses .
This has happened at a time when the problems on the Balkans remain unresolved , America is experiencing a relative decline , Russia is regaining strength , Turkey 's domestic policy is taking a wrong turn , the Near East -- the EU 's direct neighbor -- threatens to explode , and the speed of China 's and India 's rise as emerging powers will define the global economy and politics of tomorrow .
In Iraq , the question of power-sharing between Sunnis and Shia has neither been resolved or secured institutionally in such a way that would definitively prevent a slide back into civil war after the majority of US troops withdraw in 2011 .
Moreover , the mood in the West swings between a realization that this crisis will not be resolved without fundamental commotions and changes , and hope that it will be resolved in the normal , cyclical way of other crises -- Mexico , Asia , the Internet bubble , etc. -- and that in the not-so-distant future things will start to pick up .
What the eurozone needs now is n't a repetition of Maastricht , but a kind of Schmidt\/Giscard 2.0 . This kind of initiative requires the support of Germany and France , because the crisis can not be resolved without them .
Nuclear power is saddled with three major unresolved risks : plant safety , nuclear waste , and , most menacing of all , the risk of military proliferation .
None of these problems can be resolved or even contained unilaterally .
The pre-summer debate about whether we faced a `` new normal '' of slower growth has been resolved : nothing now looks normal .
But progress on stabilization only highlighted Russia 's unresolved problems , which the global financial crisis exacerbated , but did not cause .
How could this happen when , at least on paper , all problems had seemingly been resolved during May 's extraordinary EU summit meeting , which created a European Financial Stability Facility -LRB- EFSF -RRB- and ensured total funding of close to $ 1 trillion ?
BRUSSELS -- The financial crisis that began in 2007 had its roots in excesses in the housing market that remained unresolved in 2010 -- and that will continue to roil economies in 2011 and beyond .
But for diplomats and historians , understanding the concept of ripeness is central to their jobs : it refers to how ready a negotiation or conflict is to be resolved .
With the disappearance of the communist world and the failure of its collectivist policies , one would think that this debate had been resolved in favor of the reformist vision .
With these crucial issues unresolved , we are creating a Europe-wide system that violates the golden rule of any institutional design : decisions should be made by those who bear responsibility and who ultimately must pay .
But they also assumed that unconscious , unresolved psychological conflicts caused depression .
But solving any of them will be extremely hard , and if these problems are not resolved in Greece and other troubled eurozone members , these other countries will follow the same path .
The crisis of 1907 was both immediately devastating , provoking a massive but short economic downturn , and , as it turned out , easily resolved .
Google 's new technology is impressive , and will no doubt prove convenient for many consumers once the initial security problems are resolved .
The euro 's current problems are , instead , a reflection of unresolved Europe-wide and global problems .
The problems of Europe 's banks are also far from being resolved .
But , in 2009 , it would not hurt if China 's leadership also took note of the need to continue assuring the world of its commitment to a `` peaceful rise , '' and to do so by boldly addressing some of the unresolved issues that this year 's anniversaries will highlight .
The die was cast for India 's development path on July 22 , 1947 , when India 's Constituent Assembly resolved to replace Mahatma Gandhi 's spinning wheel , or charka , with the emperor Ashoka 's wheel of dharma on the Indian national flag .
The economic data are almost uniformly bleak and will not improve soon , and , while national security issues appear less pressing because of the financial crisis , they have hardly disappeared , given the tenuous situation in Afghanistan and Pakistan and the unresolved problems in Iraq , Iran , and North Korea .
Emphasis should also be placed on establishing a new system for governing the global economy and finance , whose creation will be even more difficult if the confrontations of the Cold War are not resolved .
There are many reasons why Asia is different : history , cultural diversity , unresolved territorial and political disputes , a lack of multilateral experience , and the predominance of one or two centers of power .
A settlement would also send a message to the world that disputes as long-standing and complex as that in Cyprus can be resolved peacefully . That is why , despite all the obstacles , the negotiators must persevere along the road to peace .
Serbia also must face the fact that EU membership is impossible until the dispute is resolved .
At Camp David II , former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak cleverly insisted that the first clause of his offer included acceptance of the end of the conflict , which was a problem for Palestinians , given that historic rights remained unresolved .
Indeed , the crises in Lebanon and Gaza have brought about a realization that two festering issues -- Arab prisoners in Israel , and Israeli unilateralism -- must be resolved if there is to be any hope of a return to the peace process .
For the underlying conflict to be resolved , Bolivians must become convinced that reform is the right track , the only one , indeed , that leads to progress and authentic development .
Even so , once the political causes of famine and malnutrition in developing countries are resolved , the use of modern biotechnology in agriculture and food production could potentially make an immense contribution to social welfare and economic advancement .
Nor was the issue of land ownership resolved : only a few plots will be leased in some form .
Under his leadership , the long-standing and painful Aceh conflict was peacefully resolved .
The tragedy of such thinking is that it does not allow for any moral and political complexity or nuance , yet that is exactly what will be needed if the many problems surrounding Iran are to be resolved .
This ideology feeds a deep popular perception of China as a wounded , humiliated third-world victim and instills in the ruling Communist Party a powerful sense of unresolved grievance .
Whether China will prove to be a paper dragon of little military substance or a crouching tiger with sharp claws remains unresolved .
The Maoist and non-Maoist parties have asked the UN to maintain a political presence while the issue of the former combatants is resolved , and we stand ready to support peace-building , recovery , and long-term development .
The garbage crisis in Naples remains unresolved putting the international reputation of one of Italy 's most famous products , mozzarella , at risk .
All the unresolved conflicts of Europe were on that chunk of painted concrete : a neo-Nazi swastika , surrealistic faces of Europe 's dead from war and Holocaust and secret police purges .
Then there is the unresolved problem of trade barriers .
If a bank can not be recapitalized , it should be resolved and liquidated .
In the wake of Milosevic 's death , Karadzic and Mladic should be brought before the ICTY , both to reinforce its work and to demonstrate to their victims that the international community is resolved not to allow their suffering to be forgotten .
his actions in Kuwait when Iraq invaded in 1990 , including the disappearance -- still unresolved -- of hundreds of Kuwaiti citizens ;
The apparent conflict between doing justice and preserving peace may be resolved through international law .
Of course , this still leaves unresolved other multilateral issues , like the International Criminal Court and global climate change .
Some prominent Nigerians have also suggested that if the electoral crisis is not resolved before Obasanjo steps down on May 29 , the chief justice should take over as interim president and organize new elections .
Today , we share a common vision of European integration , and it is in this broader context that our conflicts should be resolved .
Thanks to EU pressures , Turkey 's domestic Kurdish problem is well on the way to being resolved democratically , with most Kurdish leaders in Turkey expressing their commitment to Turkish unity .
Longstanding conflicts remain unresolved and complex new challenges are emerging .
We should celebrate these achievements even as we recognize that serious problems remain to be resolved .
If this problem is not resolved , foreign investors , let alone tourists , will continue to view Georgia as unstable and stay away .
Ultimately , there is a fundamental and unresolved accountability deficit in the way libertarian paternalists go about nudging us .
Indeed , some experts , too , believe that the crisis can be resolved simply by refinancing banks , and that the impact on the real economy will be relatively limited .
Such a board would fix the maximum difference between public spending and revenue in light of the economic cycle and debt levels , while leaving the overall size of the public sector , its composition , and tax rates to be resolved through political debate .
And then , in 1790-1791 , Alexander Hamilton , America 's first treasury secretary , resolved the crisis in one of history 's nation-building successes .
Unless these structural weaknesses are resolved , the global economy may grow in 2010-2011 , but at an anemic rate .
Unsustainable private-debt problems must be resolved by defaults , debt reductions , and conversion of debt into equity .
For the fundamental problems of the eurozone remain unresolved .
A similar battle is now brewing about America 's `` debt ceiling , '' which , if unresolved , introduces the risk of a `` technical '' default on US public debt .
Del Ponte is pressing Serbia 's government to cooperate in the still unresolved cases of Radovan Karadzic and Ratko Mladic , who ordered , implemented , and oversaw the massacre of 7,000 Muslim men and boys at Srebrenica in 1995 .
The first Great Game was resolved a century ago by making Afghanistan a buffer state in which outsiders did not interfere .
Last week marked the third anniversary of the commencement of Operation Enduring Freedom , the day America resolved to take the battle to the extremists themselves - and we attacked al-Qaeda and the Taliban in Afghanistan .
Those who foresee war argue that Israel is unwilling to tolerate a heavily armed Iranian proxy on its border while tensions with Iran over the nuclear issue remain unresolved .
As Hu Jintao , China 's Communist Party Secretary General and President , prepares to visit the US on April 20 , myriad unresolved issues are disturbing Sino-US relations .
Indeed , probably no nation of global significance has more unresolved issues concerning its ruling principles and structures .
But behind the dazzling skylines and impressive statistics , another reality exists , one replete with unresolved problems and daunting numbers that suggests a far darker scenario .
Local unions need to be involved , for the issues involved are specific to companies and workers , and can not be resolved by governments alone .
Even if we were to accept all this , the problem remains unresolved .
Perhaps you resolved to get fit , to lose weight , to save more money , or to drink less alcohol .
The German train drivers ' wage demands demonstrate that the privatization of former state-owned operations carries considerable risks for Germany 's labor market , because how those demands are resolved will determine whether Germany will move in the direction of unions based on trades .
Moreover , despite the recent banking reform legislation , the US has not yet resolved the structural deficiencies of its capital markets .
At issue here is the oldest unresolved dilemma in economics : are market economies `` naturally '' stable or do they need to be stabilized by policy ?
At the UNFCCC 's meeting in Durban , all countries -- developed , emerging , with or without natural resources -- must join together to ensure that when the other crises currently roiling the world are finally resolved , the biggest crisis of all does not catch us off guard .
The unresolved Arab-Israeli problem leads to the rise of radicalism and extremism .
No sooner was the controversy over the creation of a Human Rights Council satisfactorily resolved than a new battle has erupted . The United States is pressing for administrative reforms and threatening to cut off funding if the reforms are not forthcoming .
Two thorny issues would need to be resolved -- the allocation of the debt burden among member states , and the relative voting power of the different euro-zone finance ministers .
Usually it takes a crisis to bring about a compromise , but the crisis is now brewing , and the sooner it is resolved , the better .
Having resolved the euro crisis , she would have less to fear from the next election .
Several legal issues must be resolved to make these changes effective .
But by that time , even the civilian chancellor had resolved on extravagant war aims that made hopes for a negotiated peace illusory .
These countries should be given incentives to maintain their forests . -LRB- There are , as always , technical issues to be resolved , concerning monitoring and measurement , but these can be overcome easily with modern technologies . -RRB-
Taking as a model the Stability Pact in the Balkans , the EU could offer concrete incentives , such as economic assistance and the prospect of closer integration , to stimulate parties to end unresolved regional conflicts in the Caucasus , Transdniestria and Central Asia ;
Many serious disputes have gone unresolved for decades .
But old and unresolved rivalries within Asia are finding new expression as political ambitions and military budgets expand .
Even simple requests , like that of schoolgirls to wear headscarves in class , are suddenly freighted with immense political significance and treated as issues that must be resolved at the highest level of government .
Though their bitter border dispute remains unresolved , and China has been a vital ally and military supplier to India 's enemies in Pakistan , bilateral relations have grown warmer in recent years .
The border dispute remains unresolved , with periodic incursions by Chinese troops onto Indian soil and new irritants such as the anti-Chinese protests by Tibetan exiles who have been given asylum in India .
Another unresolved issue is the foreign-currency burden that many financial institutions still carry .
Finally , Colombia 's unresolved and cruel conflict persists .
The military question -- believed to have been resolved after the region 's transition to democracy which came with the Cold War 's end , the effort to achieve regional integration , and the push toward globalization -- has reappeared .
If the IMF is to provide short-term liquidity to members in need , a crucial question that must be resolved is whether such financial assistance should be available only to those with strong macroeconomic fundamentals .
The contest over the election results is a political issue that must be resolved politically .
If such banks fail , they are resolved by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation -LRB- FDIC -RRB- in the normal fashion , and this has always been the market 's ex ante expectation .
If the economy can not maintain high growth rates , mounting unemployment could combine with an accumulation of unresolved political and social issues to create a risk of major social unrest .
Moreover , the division of labor for any joint mission -- especially regarding financing and command -- remains unresolved .
Eight years after the 1999 NATO intervention , a 17,000-strong international force is still needed to prevent a resurgence of violence , and Kosovo 's ultimate political status remains unresolved .
A major peacekeeping operation in Darfur would likely produce a similar situation : protracted uncertainties regarding the region 's future political status , impeded socioeconomic development , persistently diverging expectations among the conflicting parties , unresolved tensions resulting from non-fulfillment of these expectations , and the likelihood of renewed violence should the foreign intervention force withdraw .
But whatever the outcome , it is urgent that doubts about the safety of these drugs are resolved .
For now , the tension has been left unresolved , leading to high budget deficits .
There was a general feeling that this long conflict was being resolved .
Individuals and peoples are capable of enduring difficulties if there is a sense that the future will be better and conflicts resolved . But a sudden backward regression can lead to despair , which we feel today .
Why is it that struggles far more complex than the Israel-Arab conflict -- apartheid in South Africa , the partition of Germany , or the collapse of the Soviet Union -- all seem to have been resolved , usually without bloodshed , whereas the Middle East conflict , after more than a century , claims more victims every day ?
But , regardless of whether the nuclear issue is resolved , the spread of market forces in North Korea will continue to change every aspect of life there in the coming years .
The last problem to be resolved is the trigger .
