But the West 's delay in resolving Kosovo 's status permitted that opposition to gain traction .
Recent events in Georgia remind us that resolving the region 's `` frozen conflicts '' - i.e. , those in the breakaway regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia , of Transdneistria in Moldova , and Nagorno-Karabakh in Azerbaijan - must be a priority .
Britain 's New Internationalism TOLEDO , SPAIN &#45; &#45; With President George W. Bush 's grand strategy for the Middle East in ruins , his administration has , however hesitantly , begun to put greater emphasis on resolving conflicts by peaceful means .
Some , as usual , will claim that the Arab-Israeli conflict lies at the root of the problems that exist between Islam and the West , and that resolving the Palestinians ' plight will contribute immensely to smoother relations .
In such cases , war , as the Egyptians showed in 1973 , might still serve as an avenue to resolving a conflict .
The restitution of lands occupied in 1967 will obviously continue to be indispensable to resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , but it is the legacy of the 1948 war that both parties to the conflict have now put at the center of the debate .
Some see war as a way of resolving an increasingly deadlocked situation , shaking up a dysfunctional regional order whose main actors are not only at loggerheads , but are also incapable of resolving the legitimacy deficits of their respective regimes .
But letting questionable banks gradually recapitalize themselves and resolving the bad debt later -- perhaps with European Brady Bonds -LRB- zero-coupon bonds which in the 1990 's enabled US banks and Latin American countries to agree to partial write-downs -RRB- -- wo n't work if the losses are too large or the recovery is too fragile .
Consider Africa , where the African Union is taking a leading role in resolving conflicts on the continent and is increasingly determined to intervene to halt aggression and assure fair play for African minorities .
While the US should lift its trade embargo as soon as Cuba 's transition begins , everything else should be conditional on Cuba initiating a process of resolving all outstanding issues .
Despite their commonality , there has been a stark contrast in approaches to resolving these two crises .
Solving any of these three problems would go a long way toward resolving the long-run financing imbalance between current tax rates and America 's long-run social-insurance promises that the debt-ceiling debate 's instigators supposedly want to address .
The Social Security `` crisis '' that he wants to spend his political capital on `` resolving '' ranks no higher than third among America 's fiscal problems in urgency and seriousness -- and at a time when these problems have grown into a profound threat to global economic stability .
It must contribute in its own unique way to resolving conflicts that hinder inclusion and feed radicalism .
Where he differs fundamentally from Bush is in his belief that resolving international problems that affect the US almost always calls for the support of others .
Kerry knows that in most cases military power alone can not be decisive , as there are other dimensions of power - so-called `` soft power '' - that are essential to resolving crises and establishing peace . These dimensions include international legitimacy , values -LRB- including tolerance -RRB- , and public opinion .
I 'd like to lay out a simple path to addressing -LRB- not resolving -RRB- these security problems , one that does not require agreement among all governments -LRB- or people -RRB- on what really constitutes a crime , much less a global police force or unenforceable global treaties .
Indeed , there are already signs of countries not even in the European Union , notably Iceland and Switzerland , contemplating accession as a step toward adopting the euro and resolving their financial dilemma .
Preventing future crises similar to this one therefore requires resolving the problem of global imbalances .
And resolving internal problems through a disproportionate use of force reassured even the regime 's security obsessed ex-KGB men .
From this perspective , every step that brings us closer to the EU is also a step towards resolving this so-called `` frozen conflict '' -- perhaps the only European secessionist conflict that can be solved through EU soft power alone .
Nor , however , is the debate about the military option -- the destruction of Iran 's nuclear program through US air strikes -- conducive to resolving the issue .
Of course , resolving the political crises and conflicts remains the top priority .
Can it really conduct an independent national policy in the Middle East and Africa , or play an effective role in resolving global issues , from addressing climate change to building a new financial order ?
If Ahmadinejad prevails , the dilemma for the West will be that it will have to deal with a regime discredited by election fraud , but still indispensable for resolving almost all of the Middle East 's important problems : Iran 's own nuclear program and the conflicts in Afghanistan , Pakistan , Iraq , Lebanon , and Palestine .
At the heart of resolving the crisis lies the certainty that the euro -- and with it the EU as a whole -- will not survive without greater European political unification .
Europe 's failure to play a role in resolving this conflict does not result from its supposed anti-Israeli views , but from the fact that the EU is not a state .
But nor will resolving the Palestine question fix all the Middle East 's problems .
For Greek Cypriots , the failure of Turkey 's accession talks in this way would also end any chance of resolving the Cyprus problem .
Some commentators have begun pointing to the different views of the US and Europe on the role of international law , as opposed to the use of force , in resolving disputes .
The IMF 's heavy engagement in resolving Europe 's sovereign-debt crisis adds another element of political complexity .
The international community 's demand that Japan participate directly in resolving global tensions has helped , by changing the terms of domestic debate .
Indeed , in withdrawing from the six-party talks , North Korea did not completely abandon the possibility of resolving the nuclear standoff through dialogue .
In the Far East , paying for past broken promises appears to have forced Russia to accept China 's terms for resolving a border dispute .
This approach accounts for the failure of Dmitri Kozak 's plan for resolving the situation in Moldova 's breakaway Trans-Dniester region , as well as for the ludicrous state of affairs that has arisen in Georgia 's separatist Abkhazia region .
Western diplomacy in recent years has focused on Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmedinejad as the key to resolving the crisis .
In Yugoslavia , former Premier Victor Chernomyrdin joined Finnish President Matti Ahtissari in resolving the Kosovo crisis of 1999 .
American participation in resolving the Cyprus conflict would ensure that the relationship remains on a sound footing .
Only by resolving the structural issue will Asia succeed in overcoming the philosophical problem .
Even with new sanctions in the offing , dialogue still offers the best prospect for peacefully resolving what may be the world 's most dangerous dispute .
Despite the election results , Palestinians still hope to re-establish momentum in resolving the remaining points of disagreement with Israel .
The plan also gave Israel a role equal to that of the Palestinians in resolving the refugee issue .
Your efforts to move forward towards resolving the Palestinian-Israeli conflict will generate significant improvement in the political atmosphere in the entire Middle East .
In the Caucasus and Central Asia , the Kremlin has effectively shut the EU out of regions where it has an interest in promoting political reform , resolving conflicts , and forging energy partnerships .
After all , while there is no shortage of ideas for resolving the big issues , governments and international organizations do have limited money .
Many countries are resolving their conflicts and working for peace and stability .
There is also a strong Indonesian tradition of resolving disagreements through `` musyawarah dan mufakat '' -LRB- consultation and consensus -RRB- .
DAVOS -- Is there an `` Asian way '' to resolving global challenges ?
With Putin 's current clampdown on civil society , re-nationalization of key segments of the economy , failure to develop any political approach to resolving the conflict in Chechnya , and cultivation of imperial nostalgia , Russia is killing its only chance to matter in the future .
More recently , with the death last December of the Emir , Sheikh Jabir al-Ahmad , parliamentary approval was exercised a key role in resolving succession debates among factions of the royal family .
Even when China 's voice could be decisive in resolving crises or preventing bloodshed , instead of acting , its diplomats repeat the old platitudes about non-interference .
But , with some 80 million small farms in sub-Saharan Africa producing 80 % of agricultural goods , smallholder farmers have a key role to play in resolving the financial and food crises and unleashing Africa 's potential to feed itself .
It also requires tolerance of minorities and respect for individual rights , as well as the development of effective institutions for resolving political conflicts in divided societies .
The EU 's approach to sharing power , hammering out agreements , and resolving conflict by multiple committees can be frustrating and lacks drama , but it is increasingly relevant for many issues in a networked and interdependent world .
Worse , boosting social spending will contribute little to resolving the country 's staggering 17.5 % rate of unemployment -- most of it structural -- while any hope of quick euro adoption will be dashed .
The Armenians came to believe that Turkey would find a way to reconcile Azerbaijan 's interests with the Turkish opening to Armenia , and would open the border with Armenia regardless of progress on resolving the Nagorno-Karabakh issue .
Turkey believed that by signing protocols with Armenia and clearly indicating its readiness to open the border , the Armenians could somehow be cajoled or pressured into resolving the Nagorno-Karabakh problem more quickly or cede territories surrounding Nagorno-Karabakh .
Unlike the `` war on terrorism , '' European integration can serve as a model for resolving the underlying crises of the Middle East and addressing the roots of violence in the wider region .
On the other hand , refusing to accept the growing consensus that fiscal union is the key to resolving the debt crisis exposes the eurozone , and Germany , to serious risks .
In talks with members of Iran 's policy community , I am continually astounded that they see resolving the nuclear conflict -LRB- or , indeed , other problems in which Iran has a stake -RRB- to be primarily the responsibility of the US , Europe , and other major powers , not of Iran .
Unlike the West , where the very concept of strategy has become an oxymoron , China has embraced a transitional framework aimed at resolving its sustainability constraints .
We must also redefine common threats , while strengthening the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe 's mechanisms for preventing , managing , and resolving conflicts .
At the end of the day , resolving private-sector leverage problems by fully socializing private losses and re-leveraging the public sector is risky .
We know that it is not possible to attain global peace unless we establish sustainable peace in the Middle East , which requires resolving the Palestinian question .
By rejecting a compromise peace solution in 2000 that would have created an independent Palestinian state with its capital in east Jerusalem and $ 23 billion in international aid , Arafat made clear that there would be no alternative , moderate scenario for resolving the Palestinians ' problems .
As the EU shows , ancient enmities and battle lines can be turned into mutually beneficial cooperation if a region looks forward , to resolving its long-term needs , rather than backward , to its long-standing rivalries and conflicts .
It is a rewarding experience , one that gives me great hope for ultimate success in resolving global problems such as poverty , environmental threats , and violent conflict .
Nevertheless , presumably we make resolutions because we have decided that it would be best to do whatever it is that we are resolving to do .
For India , the issues on the agenda for Obama 's visit are immense and complex , and the options for resolving them are extremely limited .
In recent months , the Fund played an important role in resolving the crisis , in particular by assessing the gravity of the situation and providing countries with external finance .
The same is true of the EU , where attention -- and action -- has been centered in recent months on defending the euro and resolving the economic difficulties on the Union 's periphery .
As things stand now , the G-20 meeting will produce some concrete results : the resources of the International Monetary Fund are likely to be effectively doubled , mainly by using the mechanism of the New Arrangement to Borrow -LRB- NAB -RRB- , which can be activated without resolving the vexing question of reapportioning voting rights in the IFIs .
For decades , the US and Europe lectured the world on the importance of cleaning house in the wake of a financial crisis : in particular , repairing or resolving zombie banks .
Knowing that the government will pick up the pieces if necessary , they will postpone resolving mortgages and pay out billions in bonuses and dividends .
Of course , resolving uncertainty is no reason to invade Iraq prematurely , for the costs of any war are high , and are not to be measured only , or primarily , in economic terms .
Japan also can directly assist in resolving the North Korea crisis by acting as a facilitator , encouraging Russian President Vladimir Putin -- in concert with Japan , South Korea , and China -- to initiate negotiations with North Korea 's Kim Jong Il .
The world 's top development experts now agree that resolving many of today 's cultural , environmental , resource-driven conflicts requires educating and investing in women , as she advocated .
Obama understands , as I believe Hillary Clinton understands , that resolving those crises is the true key to matters of war and peace -- the true marker of the possibility of international alliances .
Can Saudi Arabia play a serious role in resolving his country 's increasingly bloody conflict ?
A leadership mismatch has , moreover , been a central obstacle in resolving the problem of North Korea 's weapons of mass destruction and the ultimate question of achieving a unified Korea .
If the G-20 leaders can also make meaningful progress towards resolving the Doha Round of trade negotiations , they will add momentum for global economic stabilization .
