With Pakistan 's future in the balance , the West 's help and support will be crucial , but that means recognizing that Musharraf is not the only leader who can resolve Pakistan 's myriad problems and manage the war on terror .
Rumsfeld 's charge -- vehemently denied by Syria -- now tops a long list of unresolved issues in Syria 's relations with the US : Syria 's open-ended military intervention in Lebanon and continued support of Hezbollah there ; its supposed involvement in the 1982 suicide attack in Beirut that killed 241 US Marines ; its continued support of various `` outlawed '' Palestinian groups ; and its allegedly growing stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons .
Nonetheless , outstanding issues between Syria and the US would be better resolved using smart diplomacy than smart bombs .
Iran is in no better position than the US to convince them to resolve their differences .
But individually , a number of European countries -- Spain , Greece , Italy , Cyprus , Romania , Slovakia , and Austria -- are skeptical or negative toward Kosovo independence , which raises profound questions about the EU 's resolve .
I detect no slackening of resolve .
America 's military victory in the war in Iraq probably hardened North Korea 's resolve to rely on the nuclear option as its primary means of ensuring regime survival .
Once they resolve to continue their alliance with these purposes in mind , it should be possible for responsible officials to work out guiding principles for concrete security cooperation .
The struggling economy does not need the disruption of even a rapidly resolved military conflict .
Unresolved , it will provide a sure means of preventing Turkey 's membership by those who are against it .
Three years later , Operation Artemis , a comparable EU mission in the eastern province of Ituri , again demonstrated Europe 's resolve to use its military capability to underpin a long-term peace process .
Like many other cardinal questions , the tension between these approaches is unlikely to be resolved conclusively .
The same is true of dealing with so-called `` rogue States '' : here again , a better combination of US and European strategies could produce a more effective approach , based on a blend of engagement and resolve .
The G-8 process , which Italy chairs this year , will test such resolve - on which rests the legitimacy of the entire process .
The remaining weeks of 2008 will be crucial to Europe 's efforts to regain the initiative and to attempt to attenuate the effects of the crisis while also addressing unresolved problems on the EU reform agenda .
The looming accession process will be even more painful , but Turkey 's people are firmly resolved to face this challenge .
Although such incidents reveal a troubling level of mistrust between the Chinese and Japanese that is not merely a product of media coverage , it is noteworthy that both governments have worked consistently , diligently , and with considerable success to resolve such problems and contain their political fallout .
But none of the underlying tensions are resolved .
The other scenario is when the two sides have already engaged in bilateral peace talks , paid the domestic political price , and reached agreement on most issues , though some matters remain unresolved and threaten to derail the process .
Yet some issues remained unresolved .
The same dynamic can be seen elsewhere : for all its power , the US has failed to resolve the conflicts in Cyprus , Bosnia , or Kosovo .
Obviously , it would not resolve the conflict ; it might not even immediately change the situation on the ground .
This failure emboldened HDZ loyalists to test the Racan government 's resolve .
He believed that it should be possible to resolve the student protests and respect the principles of democracy and the rule of law .
These issues will not be resolved overnight . But there is much that can be done relatively quickly .
Of all China 's problems , none will be more critical over the long run than how it resolves the tension between economic development and environmental protection .
First and foremost , West European leaders must ensure that the crisis is resolved at the core , and many observers doubt that they have done enough .
They survived in order to resolve what for too long has looked like an insoluble conundrum : legitimizing Jewish statehood in the eyes of those who consider themselves its victims .
A cease-fire has been brokered between Israel and Hamas in the Gaza Strip , Israel and Syria have started peace negotiations , and Israel has offered Lebanon a chance to resolve the issues that block a bilateral settlement .
Iran believes that it is the victim of an international double standard -- acceptance of Pakistan 's and India 's nuclear status , not to mention Israel 's -- which only fuels its sense of discrimination and its resolve to pursue its ambitions .
Europe 's inability to help resolve the Arab-Israeli conflict does not stem from its positions on the core issues , which are only microscopically different from those held by the United States .
It took Europe gruesome religious wars , two world wars , and more than one genocide to resolve its endemic disputes over borders and nationalism .
Never resolved , modern Turkey 's deep identity complex is now shaking its strategic alliances and recasting its regional and global role .
The Palestinians must align their national conversation with what is realizable , while Israel must resolve its own contradictions and address the refugee problem in a way that secures the legitimacy and durability of a future peace agreement with the Palestinians .
Israel would not like to be seen as the spoiler of a diplomatic solution to a dispute that in any case can not be resolved by military means alone .
The Old Continent has been immersed since World War II in a `` post-historical '' discourse that rules out the use of force as a way to resolve conflicts , let alone to bring about regime change .
At the same time , the governments of Chad and the Central African Republic would never have accepted NATO 's intervention to help resolve the Darfur crisis .
In one of the film 's many charged sequences , McNamara explains to a trigger-happy admiral that the naval blockade Kennedy had imposed on Cuba was primarily intended as a signal to Chairman Khrushchev of Kennedy 's resolve , not as a means to stop specific Soviet ships .
Basic issues concerning the efficacy and safety of consuming relatively high doses of antioxidant supplements need to be resolved .
But she must convincingly outline practical strategies to resolve South Korea 's most serious problems , including high unemployment , worsening educational performance , and North Korea 's nuclear weapons program .
She favors engagement policy and the six-party talks so as to resolve the nuclear troubles .
Their courage , expertise , dedication and resolve is encouraging , but we must not leave them to fight their fight alone .
And the fundamental problem is that how the battle is resolved will affect the amount of the losses .
This approach requires judgment and resolve in separating insolvent institutions from solvent ones .
Most EU members view these as open questions , unlikely to be resolved soon .
Regional blocs like the Economic Community of West African States -LRB- ECOWAS -RRB- , the Southern African Customs Union -LRB- SACU -RRB- , and the East African Community -LRB- EAC -RRB- will eventually assume larger roles in helping resolve the continent 's most intractable diplomatic and economic problems .
A battle between the president and legislature over control of federal spending has not been fully resolved .
But US political and economic stability was never in doubt in 2000 , because public confidence in the country 's governing institutions allowed them to resolve the conflict peacefully .
Yet the emerging policy consensus contains no positive incentives to resolve the Darfur crisis .
The Indians agreed to resume the suspended dialogue with Pakistan , despite the failure fully to resolve the Mumbai attacks legally , as well as Pakistan 's inability or unwillingness to move against the two domestically-based terrorist groups that India had accused of having masterminded those and several other attacks on its territory .
India granted Pakistan MFN status in 1996 , but Pakistan held back , hoping to win concessions from India on the unresolved issue of Kashmir .
Unrest has continued , and the military has issued an ultimatum to Rajoelina to resolve the political deadlock .
The problem does not lie with our shortcomings , but with the way we choose to resolve them .
Certainly , merely returning to big government will not resolve anything , because it is inefficient and generates the opposite but equivalent imbalance .
One element in such a policy of reassurance , repeatedly said by Obama and most recently in a television interview , is to `` try to resolve the Kashmir crisis so that they -LRB- Pakistan -RRB- can stay focused not on India , but on the situation with those militants . ''
But in Asia , the wars since 1950 failed to resolve disputes .
Musharraf 's vulnerable domestic position makes him probably the last man who can resolve with India the core issue of Kashmir .
Of course , we have lots of problems that the EU wants to see resolved : unfettered corruption , poor public administration , a justice system that makes a mockery of impartiality , and an economy which , despite some progress , has not yet been declared a `` functioning market '' by the European Commission .
Yet badgering or jailing journalists is no way to resolve what could be handled through a voluntary media council or independent ombudsman .
Indeed , if they are not resolved among those who cherish liberty , the price will be high .
This -LRB- they hoped -RRB- would automatically bring about a degree of stability that would help resolve other conflicts in the region , and also guarantee the uninterrupted flow of oil .
If there are elections in Iraq in January -- and this is a very big `` if '' -- they may not resolve much .
America 's twin fiscal and trade deficits may prove to be solvable problems , but new ways will have to be tried to resolve them .
Thus , at the end of 2004 , the most important global task remains unresolved : creation of a confident nucleus for the Free World .
It may well be resolved with different answers that accord with different countries ' traditions , although tax credits and similar additions to people 's incomes are more compatible with free societies .
The mystery is of course easily resolved ; its name is differentiation .
But if this were the real reason for the breakdown , one would expect it to be resolved by detailed haggling over the voting arrangements .
The latter move by the ECB has underscored a number of unresolved questions about the structure of the Bank and how it makes its decisions .
Indeed , the way the world has sought to resolve the financial crisis offers interesting insights about how the foreign-affairs crisis should be approached .
Just as world leaders have led the global discussion on policies to resolve the financial crisis , they should start a broad-based debate on the international community 's future involvement in Afghanistan , Iraq , and other war-torn countries , where better living conditions are needed to give the local population a stake in the peace process .
A difference of opinion that rested on different judgments about how the world works , which could -LRB- and ultimately was -RRB- resolved by empirical research , you might say .
The situation had to resolve itself within a year -- or else .
All alleged `` paradoxes '' of quantum theory are similarly resolved .
All of this can be decided at the next European Council , even before the constitutional problem is resolved .
Not surprisingly , the empirical evidence that trade imbalances can be resolved through exchange rate changes alone is unconvincing .
This time , however , we must resolve to remember Zoran Djindjic 's cause -- political and economic liberty -- more than his blood sacrifice .
That issue and the unresolved Palestine-Israel debacle are holding off immediate action .
Seventy-five percent of crimes are not reported due to lack of trust in the authorities , and 98 % of crimes are never resolved or punished .
No important issues were resolved , and no progress was made on the many topics that increasingly divide the countries of Latin America and the US .
The crisis countries have , in fact , shown remarkable resolve in implementing painful cuts .
The US debt-ceiling fiasco has raised doubts in the minds of central bankers about the advisability of holding dollars , while Europe 's failure to resolve its sovereign-debt crisis continues to fuel doubt that the euro can survive .
Some , like stronger fiscal rules and closer surveillance of policies affecting competitiveness , might help to head off some future crisis , but they will do nothing to resolve this one .
But Europe does n't have months , much less years , to resolve its crisis .
And the recent G-20 summit in Cannes produced no agreement on steps that might have helped to resolve the crisis .
And the longer America 's politicians take to resolve the debt-ceiling issue , the greater the risk of an inadvertent accident .
Moreover , implementation will likely prove far from automatic , thereby testing the resolve of governments and institutions .
The second signal was sent when Greece successfully vetoed membership for Macedonia , a move that reflected the two countries ' unresolved conflict over Macedonia 's name -LRB- which Greece insists must be Former Yugoslav Republic Of Macedonia -- FYROM -- one of the most disgraceful acronyms harassing international politics today -RRB- .
Cold War victory provided the answer for each . `` America 's resolve and American ideals so clearly articulated by Ronald Reagan , '' Clinton said , `` helped to bring the Wall down . ''
Security forces have not helped resolved them .
That article reflects the deep , unresolved problems of Putin 's era : the inability to distinguish between the Soviet past and the Russian present ; an unscrupulous mix of political conservatism and historical revisionism ; and indifference , bordering on incomprehension , with regard to the key values of democracy .
The so-called `` food crisis '' of 2008 was not really a crisis in the sense of a condition that can be resolved by the quick application of emergency measures .
The issue is Kosovo 's status -- the last unresolved piece of the bloodstained Balkans puzzle .
Now the time has come to resolve Kosovo 's status permanently .
Both presidents , at the end of their respective terms , sought to resolve one of the world 's most dangerous conflicts , while facing the threat that time was running out on them .
The deep technological and social changes unleashed by the forces of modernity create tensions that , in the end , can not be resolved without appropriate normative and institutional responses .
This has happened at a time when the problems on the Balkans remain unresolved , America is experiencing a relative decline , Russia is regaining strength , Turkey 's domestic policy is taking a wrong turn , the Near East -- the EU 's direct neighbor -- threatens to explode , and the speed of China 's and India 's rise as emerging powers will define the global economy and politics of tomorrow .
The aim of these negotiations is a comprehensive agreement between Iran and the 5 +1 group that would resolve both the nuclear conflict and address regional security issues -LRB- Iraq , the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , Lebanon , Persian Gulf , Afghanistan -RRB- while opening up extensive international and regional cooperation .
If Germany and France do n't quickly resolve their differences and find a joint strategic answer to the crisis , they will damage themselves and Europe as a whole .
The US wants to resolve the global crisis by providing substantially more financial help , which Europe is refusing to commit , preferring to focus on financial regulatory reform .
Ireland was able to resolve its problems by itself , through a restructuring policy that was painful yet unflinching .
Turkish Northern Cyprus accepted UN Secretary General Kofi Annan 's plan -LRB- massively supported by the EU -RRB- to resolve the long-standing conflict .
In Iraq , the question of power-sharing between Sunnis and Shia has neither been resolved or secured institutionally in such a way that would definitively prevent a slide back into civil war after the majority of US troops withdraw in 2011 .
Everything favors his taking the second option , which will tend to lead to a standstill , and even a step back , in efforts to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
Moreover , the mood in the West swings between a realization that this crisis will not be resolved without fundamental commotions and changes , and hope that it will be resolved in the normal , cyclical way of other crises -- Mexico , Asia , the Internet bubble , etc. -- and that in the not-so-distant future things will start to pick up .
In fact , Turkey 's foreign policy , which seeks to resolve existing conflicts with and within neighboring states , and active Turkish involvement there , is anything but in conflict with Western interests .
That is not only because she is a poor public speaker , but also because she herself does not seem to know how to resolve the contradictions between national solutions and European constraints .
What the eurozone needs now is n't a repetition of Maastricht , but a kind of Schmidt\/Giscard 2.0 . This kind of initiative requires the support of Germany and France , because the crisis can not be resolved without them .
China , humiliated by Kim Jong Il , will for the first time have to assume leadership in the region and resolve , or at least contain , the crisis .
Nuclear power is saddled with three major unresolved risks : plant safety , nuclear waste , and , most menacing of all , the risk of military proliferation .
Security questions must be taken seriously , but they carry less and less weight , because a sufficiently long period can be left between the treaty 's conclusion and its full implementation to resolve them by mutual agreement .
It is a structure that is squandering the trust of citizens and markets in its ability to resolve conflicts -- while pushing the international financial system to the brink of disaster .
A new Middle East policy will thus have to concentrate primarily on four aspects : 1 -RRB- a comprehensive offer to Syria to detach the country from Iran and settle open conflicts ; 2 -RRB- an offer to Iran for direct talks about the perspective of a full normalization of relations ; 3 -RRB- a decisive and realistic initiative to resolve the Israeli-Arab conflict 4 -RRB- a regional security architecture that centers on stabilizing Iraq and Afghanistan .
None of these problems can be resolved or even contained unilaterally .
Markets also tested the resolve of policymakers in otherwise sound ERM countries , particularly when there were big strikes or important elections .
But most of them are interrelated , and it is unlikely that the ICJ can resolve them when they are truncated into technical arguments about where a defensive wall can or can not go .
In order to resolve the question of whether conspiracy constitutes a crime under the laws of war , Justice Stevens followed the arguments made in the brief that I submitted on behalf of Experts on Conspiracy and the Law of War .
The pre-summer debate about whether we faced a `` new normal '' of slower growth has been resolved : nothing now looks normal .
Humanity must begin to resolve this water dilemma .
Twenty years ago , key world leaders demonstrated resolve , faced up to opposition and immense pressure , and the Wall came down .
But progress on stabilization only highlighted Russia 's unresolved problems , which the global financial crisis exacerbated , but did not cause .
Putin 's consensus made it possible to resolve both problems without foreign assistance and interference .
But the RCB 's lack of resolve in adopting a framework where low inflation is clearly stated as the priority now threatens to undermine what has been achieved .
One million signatures were rapidly gathered on an Internet petition demanding that the Japanese government thoroughly resolve the chemical weapons issue , while Internet chat rooms filled with anti-Japanese invective .
How could this happen when , at least on paper , all problems had seemingly been resolved during May 's extraordinary EU summit meeting , which created a European Financial Stability Facility -LRB- EFSF -RRB- and ensured total funding of close to $ 1 trillion ?
BRUSSELS -- The financial crisis that began in 2007 had its roots in excesses in the housing market that remained unresolved in 2010 -- and that will continue to roil economies in 2011 and beyond .
None of this would resolve Europe 's fundamental problems , namely weak fiscal positions , poorly functioning financial sectors , and lack of competitiveness .
These two simple elements -- orderly default and a financing mechanism -- could resolve the current crisis within the euro zone : by creating a European Monetary Fund along these lines , the euro area would acquire an institution that could support member countries in difficulties , but that would also ensure that market discipline really worked .
BRUSSELS -- The euro area confronts a fundamental crisis that attacks on financial speculators will do nothing to resolve .
Moreover , it implies that the crisis is fully under European control , and that the European authorities have elaborated a comprehensive plan that will resolve all of Greece 's fiscal and structural problems .
From time to time Arab negotiators enter into discussions about the mundane issues that prospective neighboring states would need to resolve , such as political boundaries , security arrangements , and economic relations .
As Europe knows , constructing an economically and socially integrated zone offers the best opportunity to resolve conflicts and overcome political and cultural enmities . But all partners must first get their own houses in order : Europe must strengthen its economic and political integration , and Africa must improve its governance by fighting corruption and establishing the rule of law more firmly .
The Iraq war and the tortured diplomacy that led up to it may help resolve Turkey 's conflict between its `` strategic alliance '' with America and its drive to join the EU .
But for diplomats and historians , understanding the concept of ripeness is central to their jobs : it refers to how ready a negotiation or conflict is to be resolved .
The same is true of climate change : agreement on certain aspects of the problem -LRB- say , deforestation -RRB- or involving only some countries -LRB- the major carbon emitters , for example -RRB- may prove feasible , whereas an accord that includes every country and tries to resolve every issue may not .
Egypt 's establishment and its military are demonstrating far greater resolve .
With the disappearance of the communist world and the failure of its collectivist policies , one would think that this debate had been resolved in favor of the reformist vision .
With these crucial issues unresolved , we are creating a Europe-wide system that violates the golden rule of any institutional design : decisions should be made by those who bear responsibility and who ultimately must pay .
For the first time , research in the cognitive sciences , building on theoretical arguments emerging from moral philosophy , has made it possible to resolve the ancient dispute about the origin and nature of morality .
They regularly needed to resolve the delicate issue of whether to invite to their embassy celebrations various Charter 77 signatories , human rights activists , critics of the communist regime , displaced politicians , or even banned writers , scholars , and journalists -- people with whom the diplomats were generally friends .
In the case of nascent democracies , the formula that is now often made compulsory is this : lift all bans on political activities , liberalize the media , hold elections -LRB- the sooner , the better -RRB- , resolve all minority issues in favor of the minorities , abandon trade barriers , and rid the country of corruption , preferably overnight .
But they also assumed that unconscious , unresolved psychological conflicts caused depression .
Because Europe is militarily insignificant , they argue , it is not surprising that Europeans emphasize diplomacy , rather than military might , to resolve disputes .
Although the US and Europe do have issues to resolve , there is a real danger that the portrayal of every possible event as heralding a new split will end up being self-fulfilling .
But solving any of them will be extremely hard , and if these problems are not resolved in Greece and other troubled eurozone members , these other countries will follow the same path .
The first order of business , however , must be to resolve inter-state conflicts , such as the Algerian-Moroccan dispute over the Western Sahara , which prevent the creation of a unified Maghreb .
The crisis of 1907 was both immediately devastating , provoking a massive but short economic downturn , and , as it turned out , easily resolved .
Google 's new technology is impressive , and will no doubt prove convenient for many consumers once the initial security problems are resolved .
The euro 's current problems are , instead , a reflection of unresolved Europe-wide and global problems .
Likewise , today 's euro crisis is harder to resolve because of the euro 's strength in currency markets .
The problems of Europe 's banks are also far from being resolved .
Every few months , European governments launch a new and ever more ingenious initiative to resolve the eurozone 's debt crisis .
But , in 2009 , it would not hurt if China 's leadership also took note of the need to continue assuring the world of its commitment to a `` peaceful rise , '' and to do so by boldly addressing some of the unresolved issues that this year 's anniversaries will highlight .
We can expect to hear all kinds of misleading excuses from EU sources for excluding the IMF : `` the Fund is too American , '' `` Europe must resolve its own problems , '' and `` the IMF is not appropriate to our circumstances . ''
India 's second great challenge is to resolve its enormous infrastructure shortcomings .
The die was cast for India 's development path on July 22 , 1947 , when India 's Constituent Assembly resolved to replace Mahatma Gandhi 's spinning wheel , or charka , with the emperor Ashoka 's wheel of dharma on the Indian national flag .
Only by demonstrating dignified resolve will Japan 's true national interests be defended .
The economic data are almost uniformly bleak and will not improve soon , and , while national security issues appear less pressing because of the financial crisis , they have hardly disappeared , given the tenuous situation in Afghanistan and Pakistan and the unresolved problems in Iraq , Iran , and North Korea .
Emphasis should also be placed on establishing a new system for governing the global economy and finance , whose creation will be even more difficult if the confrontations of the Cold War are not resolved .
All parties need to find a formula to resolve the issue before it again threatens to erupt into conflict .
To resolve outstanding issues with Iran , the West should be dealing with the only person powerful enough to make deals and deliver concessions . That person is Khamenei , not Ahmedinejad .
There are many reasons why Asia is different : history , cultural diversity , unresolved territorial and political disputes , a lack of multilateral experience , and the predominance of one or two centers of power .
A settlement would also send a message to the world that disputes as long-standing and complex as that in Cyprus can be resolved peacefully . That is why , despite all the obstacles , the negotiators must persevere along the road to peace .
How we resolve this tension will be the measure of our vision and our leadership .
In 2004 , the European Union , the United States , and a good part of the international community invested considerable energy in trying to resolve the conflict once and for all .
Moreover , failure to resolve the Cyprus issue would deadlock already strained security cooperation between NATO and the EU .
China continues its military build-up , and North Korea remorselessly pursues nuclear weapons while refusing to resolve or even explain its abduction of dozens of Japanese citizens over the years .
For what Kim is now offering is not peace , but a `` peace offensive '' -- a tactic used by the North repeatedly since the armistice of 1953 in order to sow division whenever the regime 's adversaries have demonstrated unity and resolve .
Kim 's hope must be that , by showing off his nuclear arsenal , he can bully the US , Japan , and South Korea into helping him to resolve some of his regime 's domestic crises .
The New Year provides a perfect opportunity for Jean-Claude Trichet to resolve that , despite the more trying circumstances in which he must operate , his own policies and procedures will more faithfully reflect Duisenberg and his legacy .
Serbia also must face the fact that EU membership is impossible until the dispute is resolved .
Everyone involved in attempting to resolve the Israel-Palestine conflict knows what a peace agreement between the sides will most likely look like .
The differences between the Fatah-led presidency of Mahmoud Abbas and Hamas 's Islamist government spilled into the streets . Threats by Abbas to hold elections to resolve the deadlock seemed to add oil to the fire .
This will test the resolve of Israel and the international community to achieve tangible progress on re-starting negotiations .
At Camp David II , former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak cleverly insisted that the first clause of his offer included acceptance of the end of the conflict , which was a problem for Palestinians , given that historic rights remained unresolved .
Baker 's efforts eventually led to the Madrid peace conference in 1991 , but that , too , failed to resolve the conflict .
With the exception of the Obama administration 's lack of resolve in denouncing the treatment of protesters by the US-allied regimes in Bahrain and Yemen , America 's position on the Arab revolts has been welcomed .
The support that you and your colleagues will get from Israelis and Arabs will depend on the resolve that you show in making serious progress in the peace process .
Indeed , the crises in Lebanon and Gaza have brought about a realization that two festering issues -- Arab prisoners in Israel , and Israeli unilateralism -- must be resolved if there is to be any hope of a return to the peace process .
NATO expansion into the Baltics will require resolve and political will by the Alliance 's members .
For the underlying conflict to be resolved , Bolivians must become convinced that reform is the right track , the only one , indeed , that leads to progress and authentic development .
Even so , once the political causes of famine and malnutrition in developing countries are resolved , the use of modern biotechnology in agriculture and food production could potentially make an immense contribution to social welfare and economic advancement .
A tightly knit group of political consultants has helped Putin resolve his conundrum . Rather than establish a dictatorship , they helped Putin use the trappings of liberal democracy to consolidate power .
Nor was the issue of land ownership resolved : only a few plots will be leased in some form .
Investing about $ 100 billion annually would mean that we could essentially resolve the climate-change problem by the end of this century .
Under his leadership , the long-standing and painful Aceh conflict was peacefully resolved .
The benefits of his resolve will now be enjoyed by India and the world .
The tragedy of such thinking is that it does not allow for any moral and political complexity or nuance , yet that is exactly what will be needed if the many problems surrounding Iran are to be resolved .
The danger in such an approach is that decisions may not be taken , or that those that are put rhetoric ahead of substance , thereby failing to resolve fundamental political challenges .
Exhausted by the ongoing war , most Chechens now are ready to resolve their problems within the framework provided by Russia 's elastic federal structure .
These new billions do seem to demonstrate renewed government resolve , but is throwing money at the war on terror enough ?
According to Finance Minister Aleksei Kudrin , huge amounts of money are needed to resolve the Chechen problem .
Monuments to shame would not resolve the insoluble problems of humanity 's fate on Earth , but they might slow the advance of its dark side -- in Eastern Europe , the Arab world , and everywhere else .
For example , while the Koran allows for a measure of female inheritance , tribal custom does not authorize it , which explains the popularity of tribal councils to resolve inheritance problems and cheat women out of their rights .
This ideology feeds a deep popular perception of China as a wounded , humiliated third-world victim and instills in the ruling Communist Party a powerful sense of unresolved grievance .
Whether China will prove to be a paper dragon of little military substance or a crouching tiger with sharp claws remains unresolved .
But mayors are also the most knowledgeable about communication links within their communities , and are thus the most capable of organizing effective partnerships to address and resolve local issues .
But the fiscal realities on both sides of the Atlantic nowadays are very similar , and only lingering trust in the promise of America keeps alive the expectation among some Europeans that some grand American coup de théâtre will resolve the country 's dire debt situation .
Commitments to resolve the future of the Maoist combatants , along with what the peace agreements call the `` democratization '' of the state army , must now be implemented .
The Maoist and non-Maoist parties have asked the UN to maintain a political presence while the issue of the former combatants is resolved , and we stand ready to support peace-building , recovery , and long-term development .
But recent developments surrounding Afghanistan 's elections have highlighted the shortcomings of using military force alone to resolve a civil war .
Just letting the yuan float upward does not resolve the dilemma .
Worse yet , the knowledge that some law or regulation covers every aspect of employment poisons the workplace and discourages attempts to resolve problems pragmatically .
The garbage crisis in Naples remains unresolved putting the international reputation of one of Italy 's most famous products , mozzarella , at risk .
All the unresolved conflicts of Europe were on that chunk of painted concrete : a neo-Nazi swastika , surrealistic faces of Europe 's dead from war and Holocaust and secret police purges .
Then there is the unresolved problem of trade barriers .
If a bank can not be recapitalized , it should be resolved and liquidated .
He urged scientists and scientific institutions around the world to resolve this inequity and bring the benefits of science to all .
Scholars and leaders have given us the means to identify and resolve social and economic dilemmas .
But it will all take time , and if the new arrangement lacks a qualified majority vote , fails to reform the Commission , and includes an opt-out on the charter of fundamental rights , it will not resolve the EU 's essential problems or its estrangement from European public opinion .
This is the forward-looking version of the global imbalance issue . Its resolution via coordinated policy action -LRB- or a failure to resolve it through such action -RRB- will have a huge impact -LRB- for good or ill -RRB- on the multinational incentive structure surrounding the global economy -- and hence on its likely growth .
Of course , you can argue that post-crisis regulatory reform will eventually resolve the problem of periodic systemic risk , and that we will return to the more comfortable world of relatively stationary risk without periodic imbalances .
In the late 1940 's and the 1950 's , the Cold War and fears that the Red Menace would sap American resolve from within led to myriad anti-subversive programs , with tens of thousands of Americans losing their livelihoods as a result .
In the wake of Milosevic 's death , Karadzic and Mladic should be brought before the ICTY , both to reinforce its work and to demonstrate to their victims that the international community is resolved not to allow their suffering to be forgotten .
his actions in Kuwait when Iraq invaded in 1990 , including the disappearance -- still unresolved -- of hundreds of Kuwaiti citizens ;
The apparent conflict between doing justice and preserving peace may be resolved through international law .
To be sure , consensus , compromise , and a pooling of sovereignty are the only ways to resolve many of the great issues -- climate change , nuclear proliferation -- that bedevil our world .
Perhaps the most crucial step toward realizing this vision is to redouble our efforts to resolve regional confrontations and conflicts that give rise to new nuclear powers .
Of course , this still leaves unresolved other multilateral issues , like the International Criminal Court and global climate change .
Even before the floodwaters of Katrina recede , Bush will need to focus on his Iraq conundrum , because long after Katrina has been forgotten , history will judge his presidency by how he resolves it .
But both realize that a failure to resolve the issue in the context of the UN -LRB- in which they are major stakeholders as permanent members of the Security Council -RRB- could severely damage the future of that institution .
The real guarantee of American resolve to defend Japan is the presence of US troops and bases , and cooperation on issues -- such as ballistic missile defense -- aimed at protecting both Americans and Japanese .
Bretton Woods II should resolve this problem by creating an international debt court .
Some proposals would resolve the first of these paradoxes by allowing countries to use the World Trade Organization 's dispute-resolution mechanism in cases of exchange-rate manipulation .
Obasanjo 's eight years in office did not resolve Nigeria 's economic and political problems -- key among them a new political framework to fit the country 's social diversity .
Some prominent Nigerians have also suggested that if the electoral crisis is not resolved before Obasanjo steps down on May 29 , the chief justice should take over as interim president and organize new elections .
The Supreme Court has a new chief justice whose ruling in the Abubakar case demonstrated that he could be counted on to intervene on the side of fair play , but it is not clear what constitutional instrument could be used to resolve the election crisis before the hand-over date .
But his advisers , some of whom played a key role in shaping Nigeria 's foreign policy in the 1970 's , are keen to use the gas-flaring issue to demonstrate Yar ` Adua 's resolve and standing as a pan-African leader .
If , however , the opposition parties resolve their differences and manage to stitch together a firm common platform , they could force Jonathan into a runoff .
Medvedev 's proposed transatlantic security treaty would enshrine the principle of avoiding external force to resolve national disputes , which would rule out international intervention in the conflicts affecting the northern Caucasus , including Chechnya .
If true , China will never resolve droughts such as the current one in Guizhou by itself , regardless of how many large-scale engineering projects the government undertakes , or how well organized remedial efforts are .
Today , we share a common vision of European integration , and it is in this broader context that our conflicts should be resolved .
Completing the process depends directly and indirectly on how Armenians and Azerbaijan work to resolve the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict .
Thanks to EU pressures , Turkey 's domestic Kurdish problem is well on the way to being resolved democratically , with most Kurdish leaders in Turkey expressing their commitment to Turkish unity .
It is the kind of message that unites the nation , left and right , in grim resolve .
Once again , an army intended for self-defense on the battlefield was sent on a mission that only diplomacy , humanity , and tact could resolve .
All this resolve was shattered by revelations about Toledo 's personal advisor , César Almeyda , whom he appointed to head the new National Intelligence Board .
At Helsinki in December 1999 , the EU agreed that Turkey must resolve its differences with its neighbors peacefully by the end of 2004 , within the framework of EU and international law ; otherwise , any outstanding dispute would be settled at the International Court of Justice .
Longstanding conflicts remain unresolved and complex new challenges are emerging .
We should celebrate these achievements even as we recognize that serious problems remain to be resolved .
It was the latest resort to terrible violence in order to resolve how to share in peace what Christians still like to call the Holy Land .
Interestingly , the issue of police reform was the only one that the political parties could not resolve by themselves .
Agreement on a LEU fuel swap would not resolve the nuclear dispute between Iran and the West , but it would open the door for a diplomatic process that could eventually reach the core of the problem -- Iran 's uranium enrichment and the risks of diversion for military purposes .
Finally , some question whether Megrahi really was the perpetrator of the crime , and this may have played a role in MacAskill 's decision -LRB- although , if so , that would have been better left to the courts to resolve -RRB- .
If this problem is not resolved , foreign investors , let alone tourists , will continue to view Georgia as unstable and stay away .
Until the Middle East resolves its political differences , it may not .
But there is no institutionalized means to discuss and resolve the dispute , which is taking on greater significance almost daily , owing to the belief that vast mineral and energy resources lay on the sea bed around the Spratlys .
It is past time to make those sentiments a reality ; more than a pledge to resolve disputes peacefully is needed .
Ultimately , there is a fundamental and unresolved accountability deficit in the way libertarian paternalists go about nudging us .
Indeed , some experts , too , believe that the crisis can be resolved simply by refinancing banks , and that the impact on the real economy will be relatively limited .
All of these problems are so difficult to resolve because they have been festering for so long .
Such a board would fix the maximum difference between public spending and revenue in light of the economic cycle and debt levels , while leaving the overall size of the public sector , its composition , and tax rates to be resolved through political debate .
But the derivatives and repo markets present risks that are poorly understood , difficult to communicate in the media , and hard for politicians to debate and resolve .
And then , in 1790-1791 , Alexander Hamilton , America 's first treasury secretary , resolved the crisis in one of history 's nation-building successes .
Indeed , it is virtually impossible to resolve the current mess without some kind of compass pointing to where the future system lies .
Another $ 1.5 trillion is needed to bring banks ' capital back to pre-crisis level , which is needed to resolve the credit crunch and restore lending to the private sector .
It can also resolve the problem of managing banks ' bad assets by reselling most of assets and deposits -- with a government guarantee -- to new private shareholders after a clean-up of the bad assets -LRB- as in the resolution of the Indy Mac bank failure -RRB- .
Nationalization also resolves the too-big-too-fail problem of banks that are systemically important , and that thus need to be rescued by the government at a high cost to taxpayers .
Unless these structural weaknesses are resolved , the global economy may grow in 2010-2011 , but at an anemic rate .
Unsustainable private-debt problems must be resolved by defaults , debt reductions , and conversion of debt into equity .
So , even if Greece and other PIIGS had the political resolve to reduce massively their large fiscal deficits -- and that is a big if , given the political resistance to spending cuts and tax increases -- fiscal contraction may , at least in the short run , make the current recession worse as higher taxes and lower spending reduce aggregate demand .
For the fundamental problems of the eurozone remain unresolved .
At the same time , monetary injections can not resolve the generalized uncertainty of a financial system in which globalization and securitization have led to a lack of transparency that has undermined trust and confidence .
Monetary policy alone can not resolve the consequences of inaction by regulators and supervisors amid the credit excesses of the last few years .
A similar battle is now brewing about America 's `` debt ceiling , '' which , if unresolved , introduces the risk of a `` technical '' default on US public debt .
Moreover , a maturity extension resolves rollover risk for the coming decades .
Unless the eurozone moves toward greater economic , fiscal , and political integration -LRB- on a path consistent with short-term restoration of growth , competitiveness , and debt sustainability , which are needed to resolve unsustainable debt and reduce chronic fiscal and external deficits -RRB- , recessionary deflation will certainly lead to a disorderly break-up .
Del Ponte is pressing Serbia 's government to cooperate in the still unresolved cases of Radovan Karadzic and Ratko Mladic , who ordered , implemented , and oversaw the massacre of 7,000 Muslim men and boys at Srebrenica in 1995 .
Most importantly , Arafat failed to resolve the conflict or give his people an alternative vision to one of extreme radicalism and endless fighting .
The first Great Game was resolved a century ago by making Afghanistan a buffer state in which outsiders did not interfere .
This is why Obama must adopt a bold diplomatic initiative that encompasses the entire region and help resolve longstanding disputes between Afghanistan 's neighbors . Such an initiative must include a comprehensive regional aid and development package .
Last week marked the third anniversary of the commencement of Operation Enduring Freedom , the day America resolved to take the battle to the extremists themselves - and we attacked al-Qaeda and the Taliban in Afghanistan .
But the United States - under leaders of both political parties - and our allies showed perseverance and resolve , year after year .
Our Atlantic Alliance has navigated through some choppy seas over the years , but we have always been able to resolve the toughest issues .
Bush 's refusal to set a deadline for withdrawing troops is not taken as a sign of resolve , but as a statement of America 's intent to remain in Iraq , establish a puppet regime , control the country 's oil and set up permanent military bases .
The problem is that a US military response is essentially useless under these conditions , and can easily inflame the situation rather than resolve it .
Reformists were justly criticized for lacking unity and resolve , but in truth their greatest impediment was a lack of constitutional authority .
· Second , electoral districts should be multi-member districts and should , as far as is possible , include populations of more than one community in order to encourage cross-communal politics and the election of moderate politicians that can speak to all communities and that know how to resolve tensions among them .
Those who foresee war argue that Israel is unwilling to tolerate a heavily armed Iranian proxy on its border while tensions with Iran over the nuclear issue remain unresolved .
No single measure can resolve the burden-sharing problem .
As Hu Jintao , China 's Communist Party Secretary General and President , prepares to visit the US on April 20 , myriad unresolved issues are disturbing Sino-US relations .
After all , if China helps to resolve the stand-off between Pyongyang and Washington , Seoul , and Tokyo , what is to prevent these same countries from proposing initiatives to resolve the Taiwan Straits problem , the question of Tibetan autonomy , or the challenge of insurgent Muslims in Xinjiang ?
Indeed , probably no nation of global significance has more unresolved issues concerning its ruling principles and structures .
But behind the dazzling skylines and impressive statistics , another reality exists , one replete with unresolved problems and daunting numbers that suggests a far darker scenario .
Bush was portrayed as facing down a new Hitler with Churchillian resolve , and advocates of containment were accused of appeasement .
This was calculated resolve , not appeasement .
Local unions need to be involved , for the issues involved are specific to companies and workers , and can not be resolved by governments alone .
For that reason , we should greet the poll results positively , and resolve to close the gaps that still exist between rhetoric and reality .
Even if we were to accept all this , the problem remains unresolved .
Perhaps you resolved to get fit , to lose weight , to save more money , or to drink less alcohol .
Only an anorexic would resolve to eat ice cream at least once a week , and only a workaholic would resolve to spend more time in front of the television .
The German train drivers ' wage demands demonstrate that the privatization of former state-owned operations carries considerable risks for Germany 's labor market , because how those demands are resolved will determine whether Germany will move in the direction of unions based on trades .
Moreover , despite the recent banking reform legislation , the US has not yet resolved the structural deficiencies of its capital markets .
Backtracking on official resolve to fight terrorism would hardly convince international business to start investing in Indonesia again .
At issue here is the oldest unresolved dilemma in economics : are market economies `` naturally '' stable or do they need to be stabilized by policy ?
But using the broad brush of `` human rights '' to resolve such issues trivializes the concept . It also inhibits proper debate .
It stressed the sovereignty , independence , and territorial integrity of Syria , and emphasized the need to resolve the current crisis peacefully , by means of an inclusive political process -- and called for a national dialogue led from within the country .
Despite our growing interconnectedness , the UN Security Council has not yet been unable to achieve sufficient consensus to resolve pressing matters such as Syria .
At the UNFCCC 's meeting in Durban , all countries -- developed , emerging , with or without natural resources -- must join together to ensure that when the other crises currently roiling the world are finally resolved , the biggest crisis of all does not catch us off guard .
The unresolved Arab-Israeli problem leads to the rise of radicalism and extremism .
But the EU always faces problems , resolves them , and moves on .
No sooner was the controversy over the creation of a Human Rights Council satisfactorily resolved than a new battle has erupted . The United States is pressing for administrative reforms and threatening to cut off funding if the reforms are not forthcoming .
Such proposals , if accepted , would help resolve the current dispute to everyone 's satisfaction .
Two thorny issues would need to be resolved -- the allocation of the debt burden among member states , and the relative voting power of the different euro-zone finance ministers .
Usually it takes a crisis to bring about a compromise , but the crisis is now brewing , and the sooner it is resolved , the better .
The governments of the eurozone have taken some significant steps in the right direction to resolve the euro crisis but , obviously , they did not go far enough to reassure the markets .
NEW YORK -- To resolve a crisis in which the impossible has become possible , it is necessary to think the unthinkable .
So , to resolve Europe 's sovereign-debt crisis , it is now imperative to prepare for the possibility of default and defection from the eurozone by Greece , Portugal , and perhaps Ireland .
Having resolved the euro crisis , she would have less to fear from the next election .
Several legal issues must be resolved to make these changes effective .
Of course , there is no guarantee that such a system would bring greater democratic stability to countries like Mexico , but it would provide many more mechanisms to resolve crises than are currently available .
But by that time , even the civilian chancellor had resolved on extravagant war aims that made hopes for a negotiated peace illusory .
Under `` IMF '' theory , investors , seeing government resolve to eliminate deficits , flock to the country , economic performance recovers , and the policy is vindicated .
These countries should be given incentives to maintain their forests . -LRB- There are , as always , technical issues to be resolved , concerning monitoring and measurement , but these can be overcome easily with modern technologies . -RRB-
Founded at the end of World War II to prevent another major disaster of that kind , the UN has now vastly expanded its mandate beyond peacekeeping , as important as that is . For instance , the Millennium Development Goals -LRB- MDG -RRB- , adopted at the UN Millennium summit five years ago , proclaimed the international community 's resolve to reduce poverty in all of its manifestations and set concrete goals to be achieved by 2015 .
Ironically , the measures being taken to resolve the crisis in advanced countries are making it more attractive to bring money home , making life harder for emerging-market countries .
Taking as a model the Stability Pact in the Balkans , the EU could offer concrete incentives , such as economic assistance and the prospect of closer integration , to stimulate parties to end unresolved regional conflicts in the Caucasus , Transdniestria and Central Asia ;
Many serious disputes have gone unresolved for decades .
Russia has also been enforcing a complete trade embargo on Georgia in the hope of weakening the resolve of its pro-Western president , Mikhail Saakashvili .
Ultimately , is for Taiwan and China to regulate and resolve their relations .
But it is Uribe 's resolve not to negotiate with the FARC over kidnappings , and instead to pursue relentlessly the armed insurgency that murdered his father that has defined Uribe 's presidency .
It is also calling for an end to the trade embargo by Turkey and its close ally Azerbaijan against the Republic of Armenia , a reopening of frontiers , and a land-for-peace deal to resolve the territorial dispute over Nagorno Karabakh in Azerbaijan and safeguard its Armenian identity .
Ten years after the Chagossians ' Pyrrhic legal victory -- a victory that seemed merely to strengthen the Foreign Office 's resolve to stop them from returning to the Islands -- they have taken their campaign to the European Court of Human Rights , which has suggested that the case be withdrawn in favor of a `` friendly settlement . ''
But old and unresolved rivalries within Asia are finding new expression as political ambitions and military budgets expand .
Even simple requests , like that of schoolgirls to wear headscarves in class , are suddenly freighted with immense political significance and treated as issues that must be resolved at the highest level of government .
Though their bitter border dispute remains unresolved , and China has been a vital ally and military supplier to India 's enemies in Pakistan , bilateral relations have grown warmer in recent years .
The border dispute remains unresolved , with periodic incursions by Chinese troops onto Indian soil and new irritants such as the anti-Chinese protests by Tibetan exiles who have been given asylum in India .
Another unresolved issue is the foreign-currency burden that many financial institutions still carry .
Developing local-currency capital markets is a long-term endeavor that requires the commitment and resolve of a larger group of players .
Dialogue , as benevolent as it may be , ca n't resolve questions related to people 's freedom of movement , or to the sharing of territory or natural resources .
Finally , Colombia 's unresolved and cruel conflict persists .
The military question -- believed to have been resolved after the region 's transition to democracy which came with the Cold War 's end , the effort to achieve regional integration , and the push toward globalization -- has reappeared .
If the IMF is to provide short-term liquidity to members in need , a crucial question that must be resolved is whether such financial assistance should be available only to those with strong macroeconomic fundamentals .
The contest over the election results is a political issue that must be resolved politically .
If such banks fail , they are resolved by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation -LRB- FDIC -RRB- in the normal fashion , and this has always been the market 's ex ante expectation .
It will be a test of their resolve to transform the vision of a future free of nuclear arms into reality .
Once again , the African Union , with the support of the UN , should provide the leadership that would demonstrate that Africa has the capacity and the will to resolve a great crisis in a manner that mitigates the suffering of African people .
France 's resolve to stand with Germany helped prevent Germany from drifting into a dangerous neutrality that would have shaken the European community to its core .
But , that battle for our freedom having been imposed upon us , we will not be found wanting in either courage or resolve .
And many would argue that the industry has had a substantial impact on the measures to resolve the crisis itself .
If the economy can not maintain high growth rates , mounting unemployment could combine with an accumulation of unresolved political and social issues to create a risk of major social unrest .
Moreover , the division of labor for any joint mission -- especially regarding financing and command -- remains unresolved .
Eight years after the 1999 NATO intervention , a 17,000-strong international force is still needed to prevent a resurgence of violence , and Kosovo 's ultimate political status remains unresolved .
A major peacekeeping operation in Darfur would likely produce a similar situation : protracted uncertainties regarding the region 's future political status , impeded socioeconomic development , persistently diverging expectations among the conflicting parties , unresolved tensions resulting from non-fulfillment of these expectations , and the likelihood of renewed violence should the foreign intervention force withdraw .
The November elections will not resolve these fundamental questions , and whether a workable constitutional framework will develop is uncertain .
But whatever the outcome , it is urgent that doubts about the safety of these drugs are resolved .
The Mind 's New Eye CAMBRIDGE -- Modern physics and cosmology suggest that basic truths about how nature operates , and how our universe arose , are visible only to those who can see events that occur faster than the time it takes for light to cross a proton , and whose vision can resolve sub-nuclear distances .
But these potential gains will be realized only if US President Barack Obama gives India the attention it deserves , and if both countries broaden the strategic stake by involving their private sectors in issues that governments alone can not resolve .
For now , the tension has been left unresolved , leading to high budget deficits .
The victory of Parliament in Kuwait 's succession crisis is likely to lead some of Kuwait 's neighboring autocracies to stiffen their resolve against modernity and democracy .
The two countries are joined through historical , ethnic , and tribal ties , yet neither has the means to resolve popular resentments and resistance .
Moreover , Saudi Arabia has been increasingly willing to use Mecca as a forum to attempt to resolve regional political disputes .
There was a general feeling that this long conflict was being resolved .
Individuals and peoples are capable of enduring difficulties if there is a sense that the future will be better and conflicts resolved . But a sudden backward regression can lead to despair , which we feel today .
Why is it that struggles far more complex than the Israel-Arab conflict -- apartheid in South Africa , the partition of Germany , or the collapse of the Soviet Union -- all seem to have been resolved , usually without bloodshed , whereas the Middle East conflict , after more than a century , claims more victims every day ?
But , regardless of whether the nuclear issue is resolved , the spread of market forces in North Korea will continue to change every aspect of life there in the coming years .
The root cause of the current global crisis was intellectual hubris in the form of the blind belief that markets would always resolve their own problems and contradictions .
Indeed , any breakthrough to the sort of trust needed to resolve these festering security disputes will require that the three countries establish their annual gatherings as a meaningful multilateral body in its own right -- one that can address major issues in dispute and plan for a better regional future .
But adequate investment in mitigating the damage could partly resolve the problem .
The first problem to resolve in approving this mechanism is who should have this authority .
The last problem to be resolved is the trigger .
