The world must make clear that Russian military involvement in Abkhazia is unacceptable , while also restraining Georgia 's government from reacting militarily to any provocation .
Nor is the movement 's brinkmanship entirely irrational , for the legacy of Israel 's 2006 abortive attempt to destroy Hezbollah is that , for the first time in the country 's history , the military establishment is advocating restraint and actively curbing the more hawkish measures being proposed in cabinet meetings .
Even Turkey , an ally of Iran whose prime minister , Recep Tayyip Erdo?an , sharply criticized the military intervention against Libya -- lashing out at the West for viewing the region as `` as a pawn in oil wars for decades '' -- called on Iran to restrain its bellicose rhetoric during the Bahrain crisis .
The message emanating now from the US is not one of non-interventionism , but a strategy of restraint that assumes that there are limits to American power and seeks to minimize the risk of entanglement in foreign conflicts .
Under that bargain , the bigger states accepted restraints on their power in order to increase the weight of the Union as a whole while the smaller ones realized that being part of the club gave them a chance they would not have otherwise , namely to participate in the shaping of common policies .
But his successor , Hu Jintao , has focused on the damage that has come from unrestrained growth .
On October 17 , despite pleas for patience and restraint from Iraq and the US , Turkish lawmakers voted 507-19 to authorize Erdogan to order cross-border military strikes into Iraq at any time over the next year .
Iraq 's central government is aware of the risks , as well , and is likely to exercise maximum restraint .
Contrary to the blame games being played out in the US , Iran can not be accused of an unrestrained aggressive stance toward Iraq .
The tribal feelings of Germans were considered , for obvious reasons , to be particularly toxic after Hitler 's Reich , which is why German flag-waving , until recently , was exercised with a slight air of shame-faced restraint that was entirely absent in surrounding countries .
Maybe capitalism works better when skeptics restrain its excesses than when true believers are writing , interpreting , judging , and executing the rules of the game .
Any rejectionist policies of Hamas or any terrorist group will be overcome by an overall Arab commitment to restrain further violence and to promote the well-being of the Palestinian people .
In their view , capital punishment serves at least to restrain the homicidal leanings of human beings .
Of course , this confederation would be asymmetrical , because the Serbian government 's sovereignty over the rest of Serbia would remain intact and unlimited , whereas the Kosovar government 's `` sovereignty '' over Kosovo would be restrained .
Taiwan has also allowed mini-links to be opened so that the residents of Kinmen -LRB- an offshore island -RRB- and Xiamen -LRB- a port city of China -RRB- can enjoy unrestrained travel across the Strait .
If wars are fought on moral or religious grounds , no basis for restraint exists .
Europe twice endured unrestrained wars .
Memory of the war 's horrors led to a period of rationalism and restraint in international politics .
This is the best way to restrain power in a world where there is no one but us to do so .
Rather than preventing monopolization and restraint of trade , as the theory goes , antitrust regulation in the `` new economy '' is a new face of the old `` industrial policy , '' allowing bureaucrats to manipulate economic outcomes and favor companies dearer to them than the consumers ' choice .
Like boxing and poker , it is a soft , restrained , private form of warfare .
The answer was no : granting explicit power would undermine confidence in price stability , for already there was `` difficulty restrain -LRB- ing -RRB- over-issue , depreciation , and fraud . '' Indeed , granting explicit lender-of-last-resort powers to the Bank of England would mean that the `` millennium of the paper-mongers would be at hand . ''
According to this view , the principal problem faced by central banks will not be restraining demand as it shoots above potential , but boosting demand as it lags behind potential .
These same Republicans also argued for government spending restraint while blocking the institutional changes to Congressional procedures needed to make spending restraint possible .
Moreover , the Bush administration combined its policies with an extraordinary reluctance to veto anything coming out of Congress , and , after the year or two that it took for this to become obvious , an inability to restrain Congress at all .
In this scenario , once again China continues to attempt to maintain full employment by keeping the renminbi undervalued . But this time , the Chinese government manages to restrain domestic inflation , so America 's trade deficit with Asia stops falling and starts rising again , as does Europe 's , while Latin America finds itself priced out of its export markets .
Shareholder democracy simply does not work , but managers ' fear that if the stock price drops too low they will be out on their ears provides a useful restraint .
Such an approach will require that each side exercise broad restraint and live with the ambiguity of working with a strong adversary to manage profound differences .
The Spanish government , for example , could have met Spain 's building boom and foreign-trade deficit with tax increases or by urging domestic wage restraint .
Having demonstrated remarkable restraint in 1989 , Russian leaders expected to be embraced by the West .
But , just as we can not afford to underestimate the forces of extremism that persist there , we also fail at our peril to comprehend the currents of restraint and good sense that run within the country , including at high policymaking levels .
I believe it is critical that the US set a very high international standard for nuclear restraint .
So will we see a new Merkel , a chancellor who , freed from the restraints of SPD in the governing coalition , will be more decisive , reformist , and willing to take political risks ?
Any country in the same position as the US , even a democracy , would be tempted to exercise its hegemonic power with less and less restraint .
This would augment the diplomatic and moral capital available to diplomats as they strive to restrain nuclear proliferation in a world where more countries than ever have the wherewithal to construct a nuclear bomb .
As the IMF 's latest annual report on Russia 's economy points out , if the RCB continues to restrain the ruble 's appreciation for the sake of growth , the result will merely be higher inflation , which implies that the ruble would still strengthen in real terms , thereby damaging growth .
Unrestrained zeal to make the world better could make it worse . Promoting democracy must be undertaken with humility , care , and wisdom .
An overwhelming number of Burma 's Buddhist monks have found it difficult to bear the central and regional governments ' efforts to corrupt their monastic orders , and to misuse the example of the monks ' self-restraint to increase the pressure on other believers .
In effect , by not accepting Saudi largesse the militant will be keeping food off his own family 's table -- a powerful restraint in a culture and religion in which parents are highly regarded and respected .
It is an attempt by a declining power to use its restrained capabilities in a more economical way .
A concert of powers is only as strong as its weakest pillar , and requires a great deal of self-discipline and restraint .
At the moment , there are hundreds , possibly thousands of Special Forces units on the ground , and they may be just sufficient to spot targets for the US Air Force and to act as a restraint on the essentially lawless troops of the Alliance .
By far the most widely used instrument are anti-dumping duties aimed at imposing some restraint on companies that behave in an anti-competitive way .
But even this may not be enough , because each legal reform is answered by entrepreneurial ingenuity on the part of those who want to circumvent the new restraints .
First , the core of Weber 's argument was that religious values that emphasize restraint and a sense of duty may support dependability and reliability in business relations , which is especially vital in societies that are just opening up market relations .
Nobody outside the US could force it to restrain either its monetary policy , which was becoming increasingly expansive under President Richard Nixon , or its fiscal policy , marked by mushrooming deficits due to the costs of the Vietnam war .
Such practical proposals address key global issues , including international terrorism , strengthening of mechanisms for arms control , arms reduction , and non-proliferation , efforts to contain attempts by North Korea and Iran to develop nuclear weapons , encouraging transparency in China 's military , restraining Russia 's imperial ambitions , and building a global ballistic missile defense network against missiles that could be launched by rogue regimes .
The SCO provides China not only with a platform to confront the existing US-led alliance in the Asia-Pacific region , but is increasingly being used to prevent the formation of a US-led network to restrain China 's advance .
In reality , Japan is not ready for this , because it still strongly adheres to `` self-imposed restraints '' against `` influence over other countries in security and defense , '' including weapons exports .
Moreover , Ahmadinejad knows that , without Khamenei 's restraint , the clerics would use their political networks among conservatives like the Larijani brothers to limit the president further .
Now the leader of the world 's most powerful democracy seeks an autocrat 's freedom from restraint .
President Lee 's allies have rallied , rightly , to his cause , but even we recognize that his restraint can not be unending .
Although Chinese officials say that the 2010 military budget has been restrained , and will grow by only 7.5 % , China 's military expenditures already exceeds those of Japan by 15 % .
The Fed is not prepared to raise interest rates or tighten reserve requirements to restrain economic overheating in Shanghai .
Even if the unions win large wage increases -- which is very likely and entirely justifiable given their past restraint -- this will have only a negligible effect on Europe 's price stability .
Should Iran possess the ultimate weapon , it might embrace a new restraint in its foreign policy ; nuclear-weapons states , precisely because they confront the prospect of nuclear retaliation , have historically tread with caution .
But the Iranian regime is no ordinary government ; it may not adhere to the normal practices of nuclear restraint .
Additional restraints on trade are a serious threat to net-food-importing countries , where governments worry that such measures could lead to starvation .
Because Russia claims the status of a world power , it is expected to show restraint and responsibility .
While the IPCC 's estimates and conclusions are grounded in careful study , Gore does n't seem to be similarly restrained .
If the West now wants to hold Asian countries responsible for restraining new sources of greenhouse-gas emissions , it must first hold itself accountable for its old stock and current emissions .
In Europe , Germany can be confident that the US would help to contain an aggressive Russia , while Russia knows that Germany will remain tied to , and thus restrained by , the US .
It restrains excessive credit expansion during booms , while reducing the risk of bank failure or a much diminished capital base in recessions , thereby enabling bank lending to kick-start a sustainable recovery .
Whereas Japan bashing included `` voluntary '' restraints on exports that threatened US heavy industries , where lobbies were concentrated and politically potent , recent Chinese exports have mainly been low - to middle-tech products of light industry .
A second factor is restraint on the part of the Shi'ite community .
The authorities are complementing moderate fiscal tightening with macro-prudential credit-restraining measures and an array of -LRB- mostly tax-based -RRB- capital controls .
Indeed , the Middle East 's deepening problems may impose a sense of restraint in Russia and China by forcing them to calculate not in terms of their global `` nuisance value '' vis-à-vis the West , but in terms of their ability to make a positive and stabilizing contribution to the world order .
And if overconfidence is so dangerous , can restraint and modesty be taught to those who do not have it ?
Strangely , it may be easier to gain confidence than to restrain it .
Neo-isolationism is not an option , but restraint -- based on confidence and wisdom -- is .
The Kremlin did not need such a display of unrestrained force and brutality to prove its case .
The tendency is either excessive restraint -LRB- Europe -RRB- or a diffusion of the effort -LRB- the United States -RRB- .
He may not have fully understood what was happening before his eyes and the forces that he had unleashed , but his restraint constitutes true greatness .
Yet it failed the test of statesmanship once again by sitting on its hands and merely calling for restraint .
The day after al-Hanashi died , the nurse and psychologist had shown a group of journalists of which I was a part an oddly defensive display of how hunger-striking prisoners are bound in restraint chairs when being `` enterally fed '' -LRB- that is , force-fed -RRB- .
Nevertheless , the administration refuses to be held back by institutional restraints .
Neither country aims to restrain China in the way the `` containment '' strategy aimed at an aggressive Soviet Union during the Cold War , but both want to create an international structure that does not tempt China to throw its weight around .
Realizing the threat to the non-proliferation regime , countries as diverse as the Soviet Union , France , Germany , and Japan formed a `` Nuclear Suppliers Group '' that restrained the export of enrichment and reprocessing facilities .
After it withdrew from a restraining agreement negotiated by the Clinton administration in 1994 , it expelled International Atomic Energy Agency inspectors and began reprocessing spent fuel that could produce another six bombs ' worth of plutonium .
Otherwise , it will appear that no amount of negotiation can help set the Caucasus straight -- powerfully undermining a key restraint preventing the two sides from trying again to achieve a military solution .
Undervalued exchange rates are only one of the policies that countries use to boost exports and restrain imports , so that they run trade surpluses , while their trading partners -LRB- including the US -RRB- run deficits .
This pattern reflects the Fed 's own obsession with price stability , which encourages preemptive interest-rate increases to head off inflation , but restrains equivalent preemptive reductions to head off unemployment .
In the reform period , this misreading of Marx morphed into an unrestrained pursuit of material gain devoid of morality .
Both sides firmly agree that there is nothing that the `` weakened and cowardly West '' can do to restrain Russia , a nuclear and petroleum superpower , beyond financial retribution against those Russian rulers with vast assets abroad .
Still within congressional restraints , the Nixon administration attempted to bolster Cambodia 's military government .
Throughout the Cold War , they viewed restraints on America 's development and fielding of nuclear weapons as compromising national security .
And , even as the US and its allies attempt to restrain Iran , its regime continues to goad Israel , calling for its extinction and exporting military wares to its Lebanese and Gazan adversaries .
Even UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan has warned that the unrestrained tide of globalization might not raise all boats , but only the yachts -- while overturning a lot of canoes .
But , buoyed by government bailout money , guarantees , and low interest rates , many banks have again begun to pay their top managers huge bonuses while fighting vigorously against reforms designed to restrain their risk-taking and compensation .
So , with US consumption growth likely to be restrained , who will take America 's place ?
If , on the other hand , market participants do bear significant costs -- either because of the taxes they pay or because of the expenses they incur to evade them -- the controls will be effective in restraining inflows .
China 's reforms are marked by partial liberalization , two-track pricing , limited deregulation , financial restraint , an unorthodox legal regime , and the absence of clear private property rights .
The advanced countries , which can best afford to restrain long-term growth , must lead by example .
For now , low world interest rates are restraining debt-service costs , but debt levels can be reduced only very gradually over long periods , whereas real -LRB- inflation-adjusted -RRB- interest rates can rise far more quickly , even for rich countries .
This should be aimed at restraining excessive credit growth , which the monetary growth that follows currency intervention would otherwise cause .
Moreover , credit growth on both sides of the Atlantic will be restrained , as many financial institutions in the US and Europe maintain a risk-averse stance toward lending .
But , with aggregate demand falling below growing aggregate supply , slack goods markets will lead to lower inflation as firms ' pricing power is restrained . Likewise , rising unemployment will control labor costs and wage growth .
But in an interconnected world , is n't it possible for the international community to do more to restrain tyrants in order to ensure a more stable global environment ?
He dismantled decades of inefficient and ineffective government restraints on trade , investment , and entrepreneurship , unleashing more than a decade of the fastest economic growth in India 's history .
Worse still , America 's public opinion , media , and election results have left the world 's most powerful military without practical restraint .
If it is to be achieved , US officials must restrain themselves from exacerbating old fears by viewing China as a threat .
China 's role in restraining North Korea 's nuclear ambitions and its tense relations with Japan are an additional burden on ties .
Palestinian opinion offers a different option for restraining Hamas and dismantling the `` infrastructure of violence '' : incorporating Hamas and Islamic Jihad , and other factions , into the political process .
They would rather sell their oil and invest later , when prices are higher , so they restrain increases in supply .
Along with its restraints on liberty and its dramatic increase in the power of the Kremlin bureaucracy , Putin has overseen the rise of a Russian middle class that has become increasingly similar to Western middle classes .
On its Web site , Wikileaks quotes the US Supreme Court ruling in that case : `` only a free and unrestrained press can effectively expose deception in government . ''
But no such caution restrains US senators like South Carolina 's Lindsey Graham , who says that the `` evil -LRB- of -RRB- a nuclear ... Iran '' will affect the US `` far more than -LRB- any -RRB- conflict . ''
If the sheikhs are stubborn and continue to extract as much as they had planned to extract without the G8 's restraint , the price of fuels will fall sufficiently to induce so much extra consumption among the non-participating countries that the net effect on aggregate CO2 emissions will be nil .
To be sure , the Chinese always restrained themselves from private real-estate financing in the US . They bought only government paper and securitized real-estate instruments that were issued by the semi-public bodies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
Mathematical whiz kids developed new financial instruments , which , by promising to rob debt of its sting , broke down the barriers of prudence and self-restraint .
In a money-obsessed society , the only way to restrain this proclivity is by externally imposed sanctions .
It has often been claimed that capitalism rewards the qualities of self-restraint , hard-work , inventiveness , thrift , and prudence .
The problem is not just the moral inadequacy of the economic virtues , but their disappearance . Hard work and inventiveness are still rewarded , but self-restraint , thrift , and prudence surely started to vanish with the first credit card .
But a fiscal crisis calls for political self-restraint .
Patent and copyright protection are needed , but such protection constitutes a restraint of trade .
How much restraint is justified ?
Today 's killing is no worse than history 's countless massacres , perhaps even more restrained .
On the other hand , Tolstoy justified the unrestrained and unregulated eruption of public anger and the furious slaying of retreating French soldiers by Russian peasants .
Voluntary self-restraint , a voluntary sharing of our own rights and privileges with a wider collective , is paramount here .
In early July 1914 , after the murder of Austrian Archduke Franz Ferdinand , Wilhelm egged on the Austrians , but by the end of the month he could n't restrain his own subordinates from starting a war , following the dictates of military strategy -- the famed Schlieffen Plan .
But the inconsistency between rhetoric and reality is long-standing : protectionism expanded under Reagan , including through the imposition of so-called voluntary export restraints on Japanese cars .
Those who had preached fiscal restraint when it came to small welfare programs for the poor now clamored for the world 's largest welfare program .
Firms that wanted to do the right thing , to spend the money to reduce their emissions , now worry that doing so would put them at a competitive disadvantage as others continue to emit without restraint .
For the EU 's smaller countries , the lesson is clear : if they do not reduce their budget deficits , there is a high risk of a speculative attack , with little hope for adequate assistance from their neighbors , at least not without painful and counterproductive pro-cyclical budgetary restraints .
Central banks are better at restraining markets ' irrational exuberance in a bubble -- restricting the availability of credit or raising interest rates to rein in the economy -- than at promoting investment in a recession .
But the Fed , captured for more than two decades by market fundamentalists and Wall Street interests , not only failed to impose restraints , but acted as cheerleaders .
The attempt to restrain the growth of debt does serve to concentrate the mind -- it forces countries to focus on priorities and assess values .
Consumption will remain restrained , while strong and sustainable recovery can not be based on another debt-fueled bubble .
So long as developing countries remain integrated into the global economy -- and do not take measures to restrain the impact of international prices on domestic prices -- domestic prices of rice and other grains are bound to rise markedly when international prices do .
India 's government , which has reacted to previous terrorist outrages with calm and restraint , has no choice this time but to respond decisively .
But India 's resilience in the face of adversity , and its mature restraint in the face of violent provocation , encouraged investors to return .
Indeed , Gandhi can sound frighteningly unrealistic : `` The willing sacrifice of the innocent is the most powerful answer to insolent tyranny that has yet been conceived by God or man . Disobedience , to be ` civil , ' must be sincere , respectful , restrained , never defiant , and it must have no ill will or hatred behind it .
Since the birth of agriculture , human history has been a steady progression of further liberation from the restraints of nature .
But Obama 's actions have been considerably more restrained than is often assumed .
Indeed , Western governments should continue to use their channels to the Egyptian military and future civil leadership to encourage them to uphold the rule of law , to act with restraint , and to respect free expression .
`` After closing Guantánamo Bay and forbidding torture , we must repeal the Patriot Act , thereby restoring the Constitution 's restraints against warrantless wiretapping and surveillance .
Indeed , Israel now sees its security as relying not so much on a US guarantee , but on Egypt , Jordan , Saudi Arabia , and Turkey -LRB- which is seeking regional influence in fear of rejection by the European Union -RRB- restraining Iran and its paid proxies .
Behind its exalted name lay an innovation of great diplomatic significance : the introduction of an element of calculated moral restraint into international relations .
Here is where the Holy Alliance concept of moral restraint comes in .
Abdullah , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all .
But , in choosing restraint over intervention , he has disappointed ordinary Africans and international activists alike .
If North Korea fails to restrain itself , and China 's approach remains tantamount to coddling a dangerous , nuclear-armed state , strategic rivalry across East Asia might revive around a Washington-Tokyo-Seoul axis vis-à-vis a China-North Korea coalition .
