The world must make clear that Russian military involvement in Abkhazia is unacceptable , while also restraining Georgia 's government from reacting militarily to any provocation .
According to this view , the principal problem faced by central banks will not be restraining demand as it shoots above potential , but boosting demand as it lags behind potential .
Such practical proposals address key global issues , including international terrorism , strengthening of mechanisms for arms control , arms reduction , and non-proliferation , efforts to contain attempts by North Korea and Iran to develop nuclear weapons , encouraging transparency in China 's military , restraining Russia 's imperial ambitions , and building a global ballistic missile defense network against missiles that could be launched by rogue regimes .
If the West now wants to hold Asian countries responsible for restraining new sources of greenhouse-gas emissions , it must first hold itself accountable for its old stock and current emissions .
The authorities are complementing moderate fiscal tightening with macro-prudential credit-restraining measures and an array of -LRB- mostly tax-based -RRB- capital controls .
After it withdrew from a restraining agreement negotiated by the Clinton administration in 1994 , it expelled International Atomic Energy Agency inspectors and began reprocessing spent fuel that could produce another six bombs ' worth of plutonium .
If , on the other hand , market participants do bear significant costs -- either because of the taxes they pay or because of the expenses they incur to evade them -- the controls will be effective in restraining inflows .
For now , low world interest rates are restraining debt-service costs , but debt levels can be reduced only very gradually over long periods , whereas real -LRB- inflation-adjusted -RRB- interest rates can rise far more quickly , even for rich countries .
This should be aimed at restraining excessive credit growth , which the monetary growth that follows currency intervention would otherwise cause .
China 's role in restraining North Korea 's nuclear ambitions and its tense relations with Japan are an additional burden on ties .
Palestinian opinion offers a different option for restraining Hamas and dismantling the `` infrastructure of violence '' : incorporating Hamas and Islamic Jihad , and other factions , into the political process .
Central banks are better at restraining markets ' irrational exuberance in a bubble -- restricting the availability of credit or raising interest rates to rein in the economy -- than at promoting investment in a recession .
Indeed , Israel now sees its security as relying not so much on a US guarantee , but on Egypt , Jordan , Saudi Arabia , and Turkey -LRB- which is seeking regional influence in fear of rejection by the European Union -RRB- restraining Iran and its paid proxies .
