The world 's attention has been focused on the war on Iraq . But another war -- this one UN-sanctioned -- has been going on simultaneously : the war on drugs .
The nation they had grown up looking up to , as a beacon of hope -- a place that , while flawed , still inspired dreams of a better future and produced great movies , soaring buildings , rock 'n' roll , John F. Kennedy , and Martin Luther King -- had been hopelessly tainted by reckless wars , officially sanctioned torture , coarse chauvinism , and extraordinary political arrogance .
Armed Anglo-American intervention , especially if it is not sanctioned by the United Nations , would do much to undermine liberals and democrats , who need all the credibility they can get .
We recognize that child marriage is a deeply embedded tradition in many societies -- all too often sanctioned by religious leaders .
Supporters of capital punishment usually put forward three arguments to justify state-sanctioned killing of those who take the life of another .
Anything that violates traditional gender stereotypes is severely sanctioned in Mexican society ; therein lies the true foundation of homophobia .
Likewise , other democracies must be convinced ; indeed , action has to be sanctioned by international bodies .
As a result , thinkers today are far more likely to get caught expressing `` unsanctioned '' ideas than they ever were in the 1980 's and early 1990 's , when underground publications served as the main channel of free expression .
As chairman of the PLO , he will be under extreme pressure not to delegitimize the internationally sanctioned acts of resistance against Israeli military targets .
They monitored and sanctioned the recruitment of consultants that conducted the studies related to these projects , as well as the expatriate staff involved in their execution .
What is now done in the sky over Libya -- sanctioned by international law and , unlike in Iraq in 2003 , with the ambivalent political support of the Arab League -- is fundamental if the Arab revolutionaries are to take a positive view of the West .
We know from experience that there are many regulations that make sense , not just those now sanctioned by the IMF .
When these hopes were dashed , the West reacted with stunned disbelief and anger , reinstating sanctions on 156 top Belarusian officials and members of Lukashenko 's family . The EU has since imposed additional sanctions on judges and other officials involved in punishing protestors , bringing the number of sanctioned individuals to 190 .
By acknowledging itself as finite and limited , society could think of itself as also sanctioned by God .
Europe 's peoples have sanctioned limiting their own governments powers so as to achieve peace across Europe .
This support was clearly sanctioned at the highest levels of Georgia 's government .
So , in both cultures , sexuality channeled into marriage and family life is seen as a source of great blessing , sanctioned by God .
But because the US Founders -- many of them descended from people fleeing official religious persecution -- guaranteed that there would never be a state-sanctioned religion , no religious group in America , no matter how small , is made to feel marginalized .
Barack Obama 's Missing Freedom Agenda On his second full day in office , President Barack Obama made a major gesture toward restoring the Constitution and the rule of law by signing two executive orders : one closed the prison at Guantánamo Bay , and the other restored America to the company of civilized nations by closing so-called `` black sites '' that facilitated state-sanctioned torture .
`` Second , though we have closed the prisons , we must seek the forgiveness of our fellow nations for the horrors that we committed or with which we colluded by engaging in state-sanctioned torture and `` extraordinary rendition '' of detainees to countries that torture .
So the EU is now seen as the Trojan horse that threatens the myriad of state-sanctioned benefits and handouts that every citizen enjoys .
