Abbas believes that Hamas 's acceptance of negotiations with Israel is the only way to break the international sanctions that are devastating Palestinian society .
This is why at the UN Security Council China opposed any military action or sanctions against North Korea , a country for which it sacrificed almost one million troops during the Korean War in 1950-53 .
Iranian experts argue that , in considering the trade-off between internal unrest and external sanctions , the Iranian government must choose between domestic security and international security .
The Islamic Revolution has survived a brutal war with Iraq , economic sanctions , and decades of international pressure and isolation from the US .
Indeed , as long as China and Russia have money to invest and arms to sell , most UN sanctions will be toothless .
However , domestic pressure , a sense of nationalism , and the need to improve its bargaining position with Western countries might force the Iranian government to respond to harsh UN sanctions or an air attack on its nuclear facilities .
First , Ukraine demands a bilateral protocol on market access , which would force Russia to abolish roughly 100 trade sanctions , primarily in agriculture .
For example , with respect to sharks , existing sanctions against `` finning '' under Regional Fisheries Management Organizations should be enforced , backed up by an independent system of on-board observers to ensure that trawlers comply .
Pious talk about reworking the UN sanctions is another version of the second alternative - that is , of doing nothing .
It means that the Iraqi people will continue to suffer - both from Saddam 's brutalities , as well as from the consequences of the sanctions caused by his continued rule .
They should also be offered the lifting of sanctions on Iraq provided that they - after getting rid of Saddam - accept the resumption of a UN inspection regime .
Opposing new sanctions against Iran in the Security Council further alienated Turkey from both the EU and the US .
Meanwhile , the Stability and Growth Pact should be strictly enforced , which implies using and strengthening the available sanctions .
His abysmal human rights record remains , but the flamboyant `` Guide of the Revolution '' ceased flirting with weapons of mass destruction and global terrorism in exchange for the end of sanctions and international rehabilitation .
The `` extremists , '' whom Bush expected to be defeated through economic sanctions , diplomatic isolation , and military action , have prevailed .
America 's drive to force Iran to stop its nuclear program through an ineffective sanctions regime has been no more successful than any of its other schemes to isolate the region 's extremists .
Russia continues to place hurdles before American proposals for sanctions on Iran , has signed with it lavish energy contracts , and is about to sell it advanced aerial systems aimed at thwarting a possible Israeli or American attack .
With the United Nations sanctions regime now having proven to be utterly ineffective , and with international diplomacy apparently futile in preventing the Iranians from mastering the technology for enriching uranium , Israel is being boxed into a corner .
Unless Obama reaches an uneasy understanding with Russia -- which would require revising post-Cold War strategic agreements -- the chances of imposing a tight sanctions regime on Iran are slim .
Israelis believe that Iran is galloping into the nuclear club , and will shrewdly use the prospect of talks with the US to pre-empt tougher sanctions or a military strike .
Obama is right to boast of his success in enlisting China to join serious sanctions on North Korea , but he might be wrong to draw conclusions from this about Iran , a vital strategic partner for the Chinese .
Israel 's fear that the failure of sanctions might bring the United States to accept coexistence with a nuclear-armed Iran in the way it did with the Soviet Union during the Cold War is not entirely unfounded .
Israel will most likely listen to America 's advice and consider a preemptive attack on Iran only after all diplomatic means have been exhausted , and after whatever sanctions are agreed upon fail to cut short Iran 's march toward possessing the bomb .
Neither the planned sanctions nor the recently published US Nuclear Posture Review , a far less revolutionary document than expected , will curb Iran 's nuclear appetite .
At that point , Israel would thus be subject to international sanctions that would destroy its economy and further undermine its image , condemning the country to the status of an international pariah .
Moreover , with the West focused on the formidable challenges posed by the Arab revolts , Iran finds it easier to divert the world 's attention from its nuclear program , and to circumvent the international sanctions regime designed to curtail its efforts to acquire nuclear weapons .
And , however severe economic sanctions might be , they might not bring Iran to its knees .
This would not be achieved , however , through an inevitably imperfect sanctions regime , or by America 's resort to Cold War logic aimed at breaking Iran 's backbone by drawing it into a ruinous arms race .
Failure would lead America to seek the UN Security Council 's formal condemnation of Iran , coupled with sanctions .
But there is no support in Europe for military action , and little backing for sanctions .
Only in exchange for Iran 's permanent renunciation of enrichment will they provide major rewards -- from lifting all sanctions and trade restrictions to security guarantees .
Indeed , when the UN Security Council formally demanded a stop to the enrichment program and imposed mild sanctions last December , Iran 's defiant answer was to increase enrichment activity .
The Bush administration , predictably , is pushing for new and tougher sanctions , based on an implied warning in the earlier UN Resolution , and arguing , as it did in the run-up to the invasion in Iraq , that the UN 's credibility is at stake .
If the Security Council fails to agree on new sanctions -- which is likely , given Chinese and Russian objections -- it would be exposed as a paper tiger .
Tougher economic sanctions will not force Iran to comply ; instead , sanctions will merely hit this oil - and gas-rich country 's trading partners .
Instead of formulating new sanctions for the UN Security Council , they should use the next few months to explore confidentially what level of restrictions combined with verification Iran would consider in exchange for undisputed enrichment .
Today , Iran 's enrichment program is going ahead despite the United Nations Security Council 's warnings of new sanctions , while Iranian officials publicly ridicule threats of US military action .
Hence , the soft method , and the absence of sanctions for countries delaying the process .
Here , there is a strong case for having EU-wide targets rather than simply national objectives and sanctions for countries that do not liberalize their markets .
Should we impose sanctions on countries that do not make the practice unlawful ?
In a world of fair play , the flip side of rule making is compliance , and compliance may require enforcement , through economic sanctions and other non-military measures .
American diplomats are never going to persuade the UN Security Council to impose sanctions on Iran 's energy exports .
Resistance to sanctions from Russia , China , and France has persuaded US officials to `` allow more time for diplomacy '' before pushing for punitive action in the Security Council .
But undermining his domestic standing by limiting Iran 's revenues stands a better chance of succeeding than diplomatic efforts to persuade the regime to suspend uranium enrichment voluntarily , or coercive sanctions .
For the moment , administration officials are hoping that `` targeted '' sanctions aimed directly at Iran 's leadership will compel a compromise .
The United Nations Security Council 's recent decision to tighten existing sanctions on Iran by prohibiting dealings with 15 individuals and 13 organizations aims at precisely that .
But , while some within the US government argue that similar sanctions induced North Korea to compromise on its nuclear program , there are several reasons why the same strategy is unlikely to work with Iran .
First and foremost , targeted sanctions did not , in fact , really work with North Korea .
Buffeted by criticism that their position on the war in Iraq is incoherent and that they are soft on security threats , the Democrats appear determined to ratchet up pressure on Iran , favoring much broader sanctions than the Bush administration has proposed .
The appeal of targeted sanctions against Iran is obvious : they are meant to help the administration avoid military action , which could create more problems than it solves .
They are also much more likely to win international support than sanctions that would remove Iran 's oil and gas supplies from the international marketplace .
But the chances are slim that sanctions , whether targeted or otherwise , can undermine the consensus within Iran in favor of the nuclear program .
A New Chance for Darfur NEW BRUNSWICK , NEW JERSEY -- As the crisis in Sudan 's Darfur region worsens and negotiaitions to end it drag on , an international consensus is emerging around a `` muscular '' policy based on public denunciation , severe economic sanctions , and , increasingly , threats of military force .
This agenda 's interventionism is incremental : tougher economic sanctions , demands that China exercise its influence , creation of a `` no-fly zone , '' and military force against the Sudanese army .
Existing Western sanctions , for example , have merely driven the Sudanese regime into the arms of China , Indonesia , and Malaysia .
The Americans began returning to Pakistan until , in 1998 , the Pakistani government decided to follow India in testing an atomic bomb . This led to the imposition of US sanctions -- and America 's third exit from Pakistan .
Instead of pushing for serious UN sanctions , Lee 's government will eventually , it seems , focus on reviving the six-party -LRB- South and North Koreas , the United States , China , Japan , and Russia -RRB- talks to end the North 's nuclear-weapons program .
But existing criminal laws are more than adequate to allow willing justice systems to mete out appropriate sanctions against people who intend harm .
When persons face the possibility of criminal sanctions , not knowing their HIV status can be their most-effective legal defense . Prosecutions will act to deter many people -- especially men as well as persons living in areas where HIV treatment is largely unavailable -- from being tested because it would expose them to the risk of criminal liability .
The international community branded each of these countries a pariah , and various international organizations , such as the Economic Community of West African States , the African Union , and the Southern African Development Community , have responded by suspending membership and occasionally imposing sanctions .
The international community has limited leverage , and sanctions may have a greater negative impact on the population than on the coup-makers .
Regardless of one 's choice in the partisan struggle between Fatah and Hamas within occupied Palestine , we must remember that economic sanctions and restrictions in delivering water , food , electricity , and fuel are causing extreme hardship among the innocent people in Gaza , about one million of whom are refugees .
This is all the more necessary for the Security Council 's five permanent members , because , aside from condemnation by public opinion , no sanctions are available against them for any serious breach of the Charter .
Chávez and even the US went as far as imposing economic sanctions on the interim government in view of the interruption of democratic rule .
Lula 's attempt , together with Turkey , to broker a deal between Iran and the West failed when the US convinced Russia and China , along with countries such as Mexico , to approve a new round of UN sanctions against Iran .
Brazil ended up alone with Turkey voting against the sanctions , and without anything to show for its mediating efforts .
Whereas Brazil and Turkey claimed that the arrangement had been accepted by the US and Europe , the US called for -- and got , with the support of Europe -- new and stronger United Nations sanctions , which only Brazil and Turkey opposed .
And now , on the European and American attempt to impose UN-mandated sanctions on Syria 's President Bashar al-Assad , the BRICS have gone from bad to worse .
Earlier , the European Union agreed new sanctions against Cuba 's government , enraging Castro .
After all , despite Burma 's strategic importance vis-à-vis China and Aung San Suu Kyi 's release from house detention , the US continues to enforce stringent sanctions against that country , with the aim of toppling its government .
But , if despots are to be deterred from untrammeled repression , any intervention -- whether military or in the form of economic and diplomatic sanctions -- must meet the test of impartiality .
Instead , the West adopted a pragmatic approach , shunning trade sanctions and helping to integrate China into the global economy and international institutions through the liberalizing influence of foreign investment and trade .
Had the United States and its allies pursued an approach centered on punitive sanctions , as with Cuba and Burma , the result would have been a less prosperous , less open , and potentially destabilizing China .
Indeed , China 's phenomenal economic success -- illustrated by its world-beating trade surplus , world 's largest foreign-currency reserves , and highest steel production -- owes a lot to the West 's decision not to sustain trade sanctions after the Tiananmen Square massacre .
Predatory Competition Policy The recent decision by the European Court of First Instance to uphold the fine and sanctions the European Commission imposed upon Microsoft in 2004 appears to have justified the Commission 's interventionist approach to competition policy .
Add to these US trade sanctions , America 's latest Farm Bill , and of course the whole question of alleged or real US unilateralism .
But there are other challenges as well . Isolating the conflict 's impact from that of other interventions -LRB- e.g. , economic sanctions -RRB- may be impossible .
On conflict and security issues , Europe should be advancing to a new phase in which it takes much clearer and unambiguous positions on issues ranging from nuclear proliferation to sanctions against Burma 's military regime .
Instead , they use the language of realpolitik and remind us that we are too weak to challenge the West , and that our economy - devastated by war , sanctions and NATO bombing - desperately needs the loans and credits that come under the condition that extraditions to the Hague are made .
When the United States and the European Union decided to impose sanctions on the Libyan regime , including freezing shares owned by the LIA in European and American companies , many executives at these companies were surprised by how dramatically their firms were affected by the ownership structure .
While the IMF , in a high-profile report on exchange rates in mid-1970 , endorsed the principle of greater flexibility , it offered no new ideas for getting countries to move in this direction and proposed no new sanctions against countries that resisted .
But the French have not indicated that they will push for sanctions against chronic surplus countries that fail to adjust their currencies .
The absence of such sanctions was a critical weakness of the original Bretton Woods system , and it remains a central weakness of our own -- not coincidentally referred to as Bretton Woods 2 .
Without sanctions to police global imbalances , the French step forward will take us halfway across a yawning chasm .
The normal sequence would be assistance , persuasion , and non-military pressure like sanctions and criminal prosecution .
Invoking RtoP , that response began with a warning and the threat of sanctions and prosecution at the International Criminal Court , and only subsequently allowed military force to protect civilians .
The writing on this wall became even clearer after the most recent round of sanctions negotiations .
Third , following from this , there is a clear perception in Iran that acquiring an actual bomb would lead to impossibly stringent economic sanctions .
Financial sanctions , direct and indirect , already are biting -- including on the Revolutionary Guard and its significant economic interests -- but have been tolerable in the context of asserting Iran 's `` right to enrich '' under the NPT .
Once in obvious breach of the NPT , universal participation in a much tougher sanctions regime is seen in Iran as inevitable .
Any agreement involving an end to sanctions and diplomatic isolation would need to be accompanied by intrusive monitoring , inspection , and verification arrangements , covering not only all sensitive stages of the nuclear fuel cycle , but also any suspected weapons design or engineering facilities .
The first , Resolution 1970 , adopted on February 26 , invoked `` the Libyan authorities ' responsibility to protect its population , '' condemned its violence against civilians , demanded that this violence stop , and sought to concentrate Qaddafi 's mind by applying targeted sanctions , an arms embargo , and the threat of prosecution for crimes against humanity .
Libya again followed the textbook : Resolution 1970 applied targeted sanctions , an arms embargo , and the threat of prosecution at the International Criminal Court to concentrate Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi 's mind on civilian protection .
In the short term , there are concerns that oil production will peak soon , owing not to the unavailability of reserves , but to obstacles to investment -- for example , access to reserves , sanctions , and policy uncertainty .
It was both right and important that the EU Council of Foreign Ministers agreed on sanctions against Iran .
Faced with the threat of financial sanctions , Iran 's political elite is increasingly realizing the price of its confrontational course .
That is why it is so important that EU foreign ministers heed the European Parliament 's call for serious sanctions against the Sudanese government , whose key players were clearly identified by a UN Commission of Inquiry and Panel of Experts .
Moreover , an investigation into the offshore accounts of Sudanese businesses affiliated with the National Congress Party , the ruling majority party in Khartoum , should be launched , paving the way for sanctions against the regime 's commercial entities , which form the main conduit for financing its Janjaweed proxies in Darfur .
Such targeted sanctions would affect the power and privileges of the key players in this crisis .
· Diplomatic initiatives and UN sanctions are seen as hopelessly ineffective .
In the pre-negotiation phase , this means that Iran would agree not to install any new centrifuges , necessary for increasing the volume of uranium being enriched , while the 5 +1 group would refrain from calling for new sanctions in the Security Council .
Against this backdrop , the signing of a new treaty with Russia on nuclear-arms reduction , the global nuclear-disarmament initiative at the Washington conference , and an emerging new unity with Russia and China concerning further sanctions on Iran demonstrate the recovery of Obama 's freedom of action and operational competence .
Judging the prospects of deterring Iran from becoming a nuclear power through sanctions and diplomatic isolation requires a closer analysis of the situation in the region between the Indus Valley and the Mediterranean .
BERLIN -- Turkey 's `` no '' last month -LRB- a vote cast together with Brazil -RRB- to the new sanctions against Iran approved in the United Nations Security Council dramatically reveals the full extent of the country 's estrangement from the West .
Turkey 's `` no '' to new sanctions against Iran in all likelihood will prove to be a significant error , unless Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdo?an can deliver a real turnaround in Iran 's nuclear policy .
There is now justifiable outrage , and a call for sanctions is heard everywhere .
But what will be the effect of sanctions against a regime whose goal is survival through self-isolation -- a regime that will have no qualms in ruthlessly sacrificing its people ?
Also , can China really permit strong sanctions against its neighbor , a regime fighting for survival , one equipped with nuclear arms and missiles , and a humanitarian disaster of the highest order among its population ?
Just how credible and effective can sanctions be ?
This would be different from applying sanctions , which would risk triggering a '' Masada Complex '' that might push Israel to further extremes .
In Germany , preparing and calling for preemptive military strikes from within the government are subject to criminal sanctions .
In September 2005 , the United Nations Security Council passed Resolution 1624 -- paradoxically , with American approval -- calling upon all member states to enact criminal sanctions against those who incite terrorism .
But we do know that the alternatives -- increasing sanctions , military strikes , and perhaps war -- would have unforeseeable consequences .
The IRGC has evolved into something like a mafia organization , with extensive economic interests that lead both to corruption and potential vulnerability to sanctions imposed by the international community .
It is important to remember : those who were responsible for taking the British Marines captive wanted an escalation of the confrontation , both to improve their domestic standing , and to punch back for sanctions that were beginning to bite .
Civil society has been crushed and the middle class decimated -- thanks in no small part to the UN-led economic sanctions that have been enforced since 1991 .
Iraq 's children have suffered more than just successive wars and economic sanctions .
Orphans , whose number has increased sharply over the past quarter-century as a result of wars , economic sanctions , and terrorism , are especially vulnerable to the cruelest type of physical and psychological violence .
Barring preemptive war -LRB- which has proven counterproductive -RRB- or effective sanctions -LRB- which have thus far proven insufficient -RRB- , only sincere steps toward nuclear disarmament can furnish the mutual security needed to forge tough compromises on arms control and nonproliferation matters .
And robust sanctions could be introduced to influence the behavior of would-be nuclear weapon states .
Economic sanctions that are hurting Iran 's troubled economy could be eased .
What would also help would be to make clear that Iran would face additional sanctions , including constraints on its ability to import refined petroleum , if it refused to accept a fair and reasonable compromise .
This will include calls for greater political and economic sanctions , and conceivably even support for limited uses of military force to buttress sanctions .
Containment prevailed , but this hardly settled the debate , as there were intense arguments both over where it should be applied -LRB- Vietnam , Central America , and the Middle East all come to mind -RRB- and how it should be carried out , i.e. , the right mix of military force , covert action , diplomacy and arms control , and economic sanctions and assistance .
The UN Security Council 's decision to remove all sanctions is a welcome step forward .
The prospect of a threat to the stability of the greater Middle East and to the flow of oil should give China an incentive to support robust sanctions against Iran . But it is not clear whether China 's leaders will recognize this and act in their country 's own long-term self interest .
Another set of lessons from the first Iraq war -LRB- and the second as well -RRB- suggests a limit to what can be expected from economic sanctions .
Nor could sanctions trigger a change in government in Baghdad .
In the case of Iran , the first Iraq war teaches us that economic sanctions will likely not be enough to persuade the Revolutionary Guards -LRB- who increasingly dominate the country -RRB- to accept verifiable limits on their nuclear program .
Pressure was already growing to introduce trade sanctions in response to China 's refusal to allow its currency to rise to a natural level against the dollar .
Moreover , Congress will resist rolling back any of the long-standing economic sanctions against Cuba .
This stance sanctions the use of violence against the Other , whether Christian , Jew , or even other Muslims who do not share their beliefs .
The European Union then introduced diplomatic sanctions , albeit mostly symbolic , against Castro 's regime .
The EU opened a dialogue with the Cuban regime , sanctions were conditionally suspended , and it was even made clear to dissidents that they were not welcome at the embassies of several democratic countries .
The United Nations and the European Union should be ready to reject conclusively the result of the referendum and strengthen sanctions against the regime .
The UN Security Council should consider introducing a universal arms embargo , and the EU should adopt banking sanctions that target the regime and its cronies .
The pressure on Burma 's generals must also be bilateral and multilateral -- and should be reinforced by carefully calibrated economic measures , including targeted financial and banking sanctions .
· Third , after ending the grueling sanctions , from which Iraqi civilians have long suffered , the occupying forces should concentrate on rebuilding Iraq politically and economically , along the lines of the post-WWII occupations of America 's enemies .
Nor is it reassuring to recall that China , up to now , has been stubbornly watering down sanctions on Iran , investing in major offensive military systems , and pillorying Western leaders for irresponsible financial policies and protectionism .
But its other intention was probably to stymie American efforts to adopt new United Nations sanctions on Iran .
Nevertheless , the effort to preempt American strategy clearly failed , as new UN sanctions were implemented earlier this month .
Instead of trying to explore the possibilities presented by the Brazilian\/Turkish opening , the US quickly pushed the UN Security Council for more sanctions -LRB- the fourth round so far -RRB- on Iran .
This forced Brazil and Turkey , both currently non-permanent members of the Security Council , to vote against the sanctions resolution .
China appears to have taken the message to heart , as it voted in favor of sanctions on Iran for the first time .
US relations with Pakistan and Saudi Arabia are two examples , and America 's Chevron and France 's Total , two of the world 's oil giants , continue to do a brisk business in Myanmar , thanks to loopholes in the sanctions .
Japan 's warships can help with sanctions monitoring and minesweeping .
In particular , emphasizing a `` shift to more assertive diplomacy , '' Abe 's policy speech cited Japan 's initiative in proposing sanctions against North Korea to the United Nations Security Council , and its success in overseeing -- through close coordination with the United States and other countries -- the resolution 's unanimous adoption .
With this in mind , the North Koreans ' motives in playing the nuclear trump card are clear , and the timing could n't have seemed more advantageous for them : force the Americans into making concessions while the situation in Iraq leaves the US with no room for maneuver , and undercut the rising call in Japan for economic sanctions against North Korea over the abduction issue .
The threat of sanctions remains potent , and the Iranian business community -- not to mention the public -- has felt the sting of isolation .
Considering the tangled involvement of Iran 's leaders in the economy , the effect of sanctions should not be underestimated .
Over-reliance on oil revenues , the effect of longstanding international sanctions , and the reluctance of foreign companies to invest in Iran have exacerbated the economy 's structural problems .
It does not believe that sanctions can bring about its collapse .
Although he opposed America 's use of force against Iraq and Serbia in the 1990 's , his government never formally abandoned the sanctions regime against either country .
When some in the world called for sanctions and punitive action , South Korea pushed for dialogue .
That might seem crazy , especially given the likelihood of another round of economically crippling sanctions following the bombardment .
Most immediately , Kim 's aim is to pressure Barack Obama 's administration into weakening the US-led sanctions against North Korea , having evidently decided that his dynasty has no future so long as the sanctions remain in place .
Such a harsh measure suggests that , even though the sanctions have hardened North Korea 's desire to export nuclear weapons and technology to Iran , the process is becoming more difficult and the regime is losing its key mechanism to earn foreign currency .
In response , US President Barack Obama 's administration has been working through the United Nations Security Council to impose tougher economic sanctions . Nonetheless , Iran edges toward mastering the process of enriching uranium to weapons-grade purity .
First , tighter sanctions make sense only as a diplomatic tool , not as a blunt instrument of coercion .
The new sanctions simply are not severe enough to intimidate Iran into submission , and more restrictive ones would not pass muster within the Security Council .
Accordingly , if tougher sanctions prove to be useful , they will do so by confronting Iran with a united diplomatic front , thereby encouraging its government to make a deal in order to end the country 's isolation .
New sanctions are warranted , but as a complement , not an alternative , to diplomacy .
Even with new sanctions in the offing , dialogue still offers the best prospect for peacefully resolving what may be the world 's most dangerous dispute .
Many people hoped that Iran 's leaders , despite their extremism , would accept the offer if only to avoid sanctions -- which are sure to come even if China and Russia refuse to support them in the United Nations Security Council .
Instead of waiting passively for sanctions , Iran 's leaders decided to start a Middle East crisis by organizing attacks against Israel .
Moreover , with Mahmoud Ahmadinejad remaining as Iran 's president , the West will once again resort to its usual method of dealing with unfriendly regimes : impose more sanctions .
A final reason for the West to change course is that Western sanctions are proving increasingly useless .
Tax evasion is usually confronted in two ways : audits and harsh sanctions .
In this respect , the recent Basel III preliminary agreement and the establishment of new European financial supervisory structures might be more important for correcting and preventing external imbalances than recent plans by the EU to extend economic surveillance of member countries -- and even to impose sanctions to enforce non-fiscal macroeconomic targets .
Thus , China threatens to veto any resolution of the United Nations Security Council that might impose sanctions against the Arab ruling class in the Sudanese government , whose troops and government-allied militias are perpetrating genocide against Sudan 's black citizens , using Chinese-made helicopter gunships based at airstrips maintained by Chinese oil companies .
Back then , `` Japan bashing '' came to mean the threat of US trade sanctions unless Japan softened competitive pressure on American industries .
Once again , the two countries have forged a `` coalition of the unwilling '' -- this time against the sanctions mechanism of the European Stability and Growth Pact , which limits the size of euro members ' budget deficits to 3 % of GDP .
But even where the European Commission had the legislative tools and political mandate to impose sanctions -- for example , to punish non-compliance with the Stability and Growth Pact -- member states managed to avoid punishment by `` reforming '' the requirements .
Organized purely as an intergovernmental policy program , the pact can not work , because EU member states can not be trusted to monitor their own performance and enforce sanctions on their peers -- or on themselves .
For years , China has also blocked meaningful sanctions against Burma .
Inflation , unemployment , sanctions , and falling oil prices have created a perfect storm , threatening the stability of the regime .
One proclaimed `` solidarity with Zimbabwe ... to encourage and sustain the positive developments that are taking place . '' The other condemns `` the Commonwealth , the European Union -LRB- EU -RRB- , and the United States of America -LRB- US -RRB- sanctions as they hurt not only ordinary Zimbabweans but also have profound social and economic implications on the region as a whole . ''
The suggestion that international sanctions are a cause of Zimbabwe 's economic woes is ludicrous , as the measures that have been imposed have nothing to do with trade .
The targeted sanctions address such matters as the foreign bank accounts of Mugabe and his associates and their right to travel to Europe and the US on holidays and shopping trips .
By maintaining cozy relations with repressive regimes and protecting them from international sanctions , China risks being seen as their accomplice .
During the Reagan Administration , trade legislation that threatened unilateral sanctions if others did not negotiate helped create the conditions that prodded other countries to move forward with the creation of the World Trade Organization and its dispute settlements mechanism .
Iran has threatened to cut oil exports if the United Nations Security Council imposes sanctions against it for violating its nuclear pledges .
Such a choice will be determined by hard power , particularly if China agrees to economic sanctions .
Iran has threatened to leave the NPT if sanctions are imposed , and Russia and China worry that even modest targeted sanctions could escalate and ultimately legitimize an American use of force that they wish to avoid .
Today , the diplomatic package consists mostly of penalties , albeit the small ones of targeted sanctions .
Through a credible intermediary , the US could offer to consider security guarantees and relief from existing sanctions if Iran agrees to forego domestic enrichment and accept the Russian offer , perhaps garbed as an IAEA-backed international consortium in which Iran could participate .
The hope was that isolation and sanctions would topple Kim Jong Il 's dictatorship .
In September 2005 , it appeared momentarily that the talks had produced a rough agreement that North Korea would forgo its nuclear program in return for security guarantees and removal of sanctions .
Japan called for UN Security Council sanctions , and after ten days of wrangling , all five permanent members agreed on a resolution condemning North Korea 's actions .
A second option is sanctions .
Some in the Bush administration believe that even if economic sanctions would not end the regime , they might cause enough pain to cause Kim to give up its weapons .
Knowing that China will not allow sanctions to cut too deeply , Kim is unlikely to give up his nuclear ace .
The Council would declare that further proliferation of nuclear weapons is a threat to peace , and that any country moving in that direction is subject to sanctions .
The pot could be further sweetened by offers to relax existing sanctions and provide a security guarantee if Iran remains non-nuclear .
China behaved similarly when the five permanent members of the UN Security Council -LRB- plus Germany -RRB- met to discuss sanctions against Iran for violations of its obligations to the International Atomic Energy Agency .
Congress always pays attention to squeaky wheels , and special interests press it to legislate foreign-policy tactics , codes of conduct , and sanctions for other countries .
The idea was that isolation and sanctions would topple Kim Jong-il 's dictatorship .
In September 2005 , it fleetingly appeared that the talks had led North Korea to agree to forgo its nuclear program in exchange for security guarantees and removal of sanctions .
Even in the era of alleged American hegemony , studies show that only one-fifth of America 's efforts to compel change in other countries through military threats were successful , while economic sanctions worked in only half of all cases .
In addition to rolling out the welcome mat for energy-hungry China , oil ministry officials say they will tighten financial regulations and impose sanctions on companies seen as defaulting on tax and royalty payments -- moves apparently aimed at local subsidiaries of Western oil companies in the Niger Delta .
The rest of the EU has followed suit on sanctions against top officials , but could do more to liberalize travel for citizens .
When these hopes were dashed , the West reacted with stunned disbelief and anger , reinstating sanctions on 156 top Belarusian officials and members of Lukashenko 's family . The EU has since imposed additional sanctions on judges and other officials involved in punishing protestors , bringing the number of sanctioned individuals to 190 .
Third , sanctions should not be discarded , but they should be interpreted as a means of pressure rather than as a mere prelude to war .
As Javier Solana , the European Union 's chief diplomat , who has conducted lengthy negotiations with Iran , rightly points out , even if the United Nations Security Council approves sanctions against Iran , the door to negotiations will always be open .
The same applies , of course , to sanctions dictated by Western powers on their own .
Iran has more than 3,000 centrifuges despite all the international sanctions and threats .
Brazil has barely uttered a word in reaction to the region 's tumult , while Russia and China have little taste for sanctions against Libya in light of their own autocratic governments .
China seems likely to block effective sanctions on Iran because of its close energy relationship with the country .
How will China react to any move to introduce tougher sanctions on Iran if no progress is made in efforts to prevent it from developing nuclear weapons ?
More important , China must make clear that it will support tougher sanctions on Iran -- and help to implement them -- if the Iranian regime continues to lie about its nuclear program .
This can drive our powerful impulse to deal with distant evils through sanctions , bombings , and war .
Third , any further sanctions should be accompanied by an earnest offer of dialogue and engagement .
By contrast , some American policymakers continue to believe that Iran would abandon its enrichment program if only the European Union imposed unilateral sanctions .
But a clear-headed analysis of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's behavior indicates that EU sanctions would lead to more trade diversion , with China , Russia , Turkey , or Dubai benefiting from reduced levels of European exports to Iran .
Of course , some imports would become more expensive for Iran , but the economic effect of such sanctions would remain limited .
Such a policy can include additional Security Council sanctions , but it must also carry an offer of dialogue that pragmatic forces in Iran would not refuse .
Iran 's Options Berlin &#45; &#45; With President Bush in Europe getting EU leaders to agree to toughen UN sanctions against Iran , and with the ongoing debate between John McCain and Barack Obama about whether the US needs to talk with Iran 's rulers , the issue of Iran 's nuclear program is heating up . Iranians , no surprise , are watching this debate with interest . They need to do more than watch .
The effects of the latest round of international sanctions on Iran are somewhat ambiguous : they have weakened the country , but they do not seem to have weakened Ahmadinejad .
But , while government officials do not deny that sanctions worry them , they point to Iran 's high foreign-currency reserves and the Iranians ' creativity in coping with the effects .
Moreover , Ahmadinejad uses the sanctions as political cover to pursue his economically sound -- but deeply unpopular -- policy of slashing subsidies on electricity , petrol , and bread .
Though economic pressure is unlikely to force the regime to abandon uranium enrichment , unity on sanctions among the five permanent Security Council members , and moves by the EU , Japan , and South Korea to sharpen them further has had an impact .
Most importantly , sanctions have strengthened those within the elite who favor negotiations , and weakened those who are deeply critical of Ahmadinejad 's unhidden interest in doing business with the West , particularly the United States .
We know from experience that neither political pressures nor economic sanctions hurt Saddam enough .
Nevertheless , and understandably , many countries make decisions to locate production locally and to protect it against foreign trade , fearing market breakdown through war , trade sanctions , or simply shortsighted decisions by foreign governments to protect their own populations from price increases .
Start first with the distribution of economic power . Years of dictatorship and sanctions decimated Iraq 's business and professional classes .
Such people abound in Iraq , however decimated by years of sanctions .
In 2002 , its inspectors revealed North Korea 's cheating , prompting UN sanctions . -LRB- Unfortunately , this did not halt the country 's subsequent withdrawal from the NPT . -RRB-
As Council president , France , which shares America 's views about the need to strengthen sanctions on Iran 's government , can raise the matter , something that China eschewed during its tenure in January as Council leader .
Moreover , despite the pain they impose , economic sanctions historically have a poor record of prompting countries to change fundamental policy .
The country 's dramatic shift from the nearly quarter-century effort to get the bomb marks a remarkable proliferation reversal -- and sanctions played a key role .
How those sanctions worked in tandem with other forms of pressure provides hope that they may yet help turn Iran around .
By 1988 , Libya 's clash with the West reached its apex with the bombing of Pan Am 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland . Until then , the United States had led a lonely battle to isolate Libya by severing diplomatic relations and imposing economic sanctions and embargos on oil imports and arms exports . But not even the Reagan administration 's 1986 military strike would move Libya away from its confrontational ways .
Prompted by the Lockerbie tragedy , Security Council sanctions adopted in 1992 and 1993 changed the dynamic . To force Libya to hand over the plotters , compensate victims ' families , and cease terrorism , the Council froze all air commerce in an out of the country , all aircraft maintenance , and all arms shipments , as well as reducing diplomatic representation .
They were brutally suppressed , but the sanctions nonetheless provoked an internal battle within Qadaffi 's coterie that pitted hard liners committed to the anti-Western crusade against pragmatists who promoted integration into the global economy .
Confronting continued , albeit fraying sanctions , Qadaffi threw his weight behind the pragmatists , turning the Lockerbie bombers over to face trial , renouncing the terrorism that he had promoted , and expelling the foreign terrorists who made Libya their home . In 1999 , the Security Council responded by suspending sanctions .
It suggests that seriously challenging the nuclear venture will come not from more timid sanctions now , but from measures that encourage the pragmatists who populate the fractious Iranian government to promote normalization .
It got the United Nations Security Council to agree to impose increasingly onerous economic sanctions -- and roped allies into even stronger sanctions .
While the US tries to achieve this through hard power , regime change , sanctions , and threats of pre-emptive military intervention , Europe uses soft power , diplomacy , inclusion , and partnership .
During his meeting in Berlin with Merkel last December , Lula insisted on the Brazilian government 's traditional position : sanctions , such as those that the United States strongly advocates , lead to nothing ; the best way forward is dialogue .
But , as confidence in the group 's decision-making -- and in the impartiality of the secretariat -- improves , members might give it some teeth , such as the ability to impose collective economic sanctions on recalcitrant members .
Almost daily , the United States and Europe brandish threats to impose economic sanctions or cut off development assistance unless some vulnerable government accepts their political strictures .
Other recent examples include threats vis-à-vis Chad , Ethiopia , Haiti , Kenya , Bolivia , Uganda , and long-standing sanctions against Myanmar .
Second , US and European threats to cut off aid or impose sanctions are in any case far too weak to accomplish much besides undermining already unstable and impoverished countries .
The decade-long sanctions against Myanmar have not restored Aung San Suu Kyi to power , but have deepened the disease burden and extreme poverty in that country .
Recent attempts to influence developments in these countries through threats and sanctions , and sometimes war , have failed .
Rather than relying on sanctions and threats of force , the idea is to underpin long-term prosperity in today 's unstable regions .
Rather than focusing on sanctions , the major powers would do much better to work with Sudan 's government to propose and help to finance long-term development strategies .
Threats , sanctions , or aid cutoffs would only cause further damage to an economy already in free fall , tragically punishing Kenya 's poor while fomenting further violence .
They are insufficient to stop abuses -LRB- after all , sanctions were threatened before the elections -RRB- and risk pushing Zimbabwe 's economy deeper into crisis , hurting millions of innocent people , especially during a period of intensifying hunger and drought .
The US can not legally market Iraqi oil , much less invest in new fields , until the old UN sanctions against Iraq are lifted . But the rest of the world believes that lifting the sanctions is tantamount to handing Iraq 's oil future over to the US and UK occupying forces and their corporate cronies .
The US Congress has voted almost unanimously -LRB- 418 to 2 in the House of Representatives and 94 to 1 in the Senate -RRB- to tighten trade and financial sanctions against Myanmar , whose despotic regime harasses and repeatedly imprisons the country 's rightful leader , Aung San Suu Kyi .
But sanctions are the wrong approach , for international marginalization hurts ordinary citizens far more than it hurts dictatorial regimes .
It 's time to curtail the use of economic sanctions and to make them better targeted at despots .
The most famous sanctions in recent history were those imposed on South Africa during the apartheid era .
Those sanctions did , it seems , help speed the demise of that barbaric system .
A national economy that is excluded by sanctions is likely to stagnate or even collapse .
Thus , the South African economy experienced an absolute decline in per capita output during the years of widespread sanctions .
But sanctions were not the only reason for decline . Political unrest also devastated the economy , as did a fall in world gold prices that coincided with the anti-apartheid movement in the final years .
Still , South Africa was hurt badly by sanctions , and the same has been true for many other countries .
Haiti went into an economic tailspin when America imposed sanctions in the 1990 's , ostensibly to re-establish democracy .
Iraq and North Korea have likewise been battered by sanctions .
In Iraq during the 1990 's , millions of children suffered repeated illnesses and vast numbers died because international sanctions contributed to ruining the country 's economy .
Once again , this results from a combination of North Korea 's political despotism , atrocious economic policy , and international sanctions .
Although sanctions clearly create suffering in many places , how often have they achieved the desired goal ?
In Myanmar , Iraq , North Korea , and Cuba , despotic regimes not only survived the imposition of sanctions , but became more despotic .
Indeed , sanctions weaken an economy and public health , but do not necessarily make it more likely that a despotic regime will collapse .
But sanctions also weaken the ability of the private sector to finance an opposition , tend to cut off the domestic opposition from international sources of support , and reduce , rather than increase , international awareness of the abuses taking place .
For example , so-called `` smart sanctions '' focus more narrowly on the political leadership .
Smart sanctions include denial of international travel privileges to despots and their families , and subjecting those despots to the risk of international prosecution .
Smart sanctions can also specifically target the trade in military goods , cutting off despotic regimes ' armed forces .
Of course , countries that embrace the use of sanctions do not intend this , but that does not lessen their responsibility for the outcome .
If they act at all , they mobilize peacekeepers , international sanctions , and humanitarian aid .
But US politicians are blaming China and other countries for `` unfair trade , '' even threatening them with sanctions .
There is little agreement , however , when it comes to more contentious questions , such as the potential efficacy of targeted sanctions .
Although war is unlikely in the coming months , if sanctions on Iran do n't bear fruit by early 2011 , Israel might feel the need to act .
This means that he will be accountable to and dependent on those who raised him to power , not in a symbolic sense , but in the quite real sense of fulfilling promises and facing sanctions if he does not .
China 's leaders fear that if they begin to pronounce on the domestic record of other nations , much less join in sanctions or United Nations peacekeeping missions , they will help establish a precedent that would allow others to intrude on domestic Chinese affairs .
According to Leverett , Khadafi 's decision predated the invasion and was a response to an explicit quid-pro-quo to end international sanctions against Libya .
Hu will urge Obama to resume bilateral talks with North Korea under the Six-Party umbrella ; and he may press China 's position that , in the long term , economic engagement is more effective than sanctions in changing North Korea 's behavior .
A report by the University of California Institute on Global Conflict and Cooperation and the Asia Society makes the case for economic engagement with North Korea as a long-term strategy that would complement the sanctions now in place .
South Africa has a vested interest in stability , and it can turn the screws on Mugabe 's regime , much as it has refused to contemplate any form of sanctions because of their impact on the poor .
Belgium and Argentina introduced it earlier , and it is practiced in many other countries , especially in Latin America , although both sanctions and enforcement vary .
At the time of writing , it is arguable that other sanctions or threats , short of military intervention , would be sufficient to deter more widespread bloodshed .
Perhaps the rebels and the sanctions can overthrow Qaddafi unaided , without great loss of life .
Rethinking the sanctions imposed on India in the wake of its nuclear tests has begun , and the sanctions may be lifted soon .
Indeed , after years of sanctions , threats , negotiations , and then more sanctions and threats , the US remains unclear about what specific nuclear program it might accept .
So what does the US want ? `` Crippling sanctions , '' Secretary of State Hillary Clinton once said , though she quickly retracted that impromptu remark .
Between 2006 and 2008 , Iran was subjected to three United Nations Security Council resolutions , each imposing yet more sanctions .
That , not Western bluster and sanctions , is the way ahead .
In the remaining 68 cases , however , deficits above 3 % of GDP were clear violations of the Pact , and the European Council of Finance Ministers -LRB- Ecofin -RRB- should have imposed sanctions .
But the law will deter only if its sanctions are credible .
In a money-obsessed society , the only way to restrain this proclivity is by externally imposed sanctions .
Systems in which people are trusted to behave well are more likely to produce good behavior than systems in which they are compelled to do so by regulation or fear of legal sanctions .
By subjecting trade relations to embargoes , sanctions , and tests of democracy , environmental standards , and human rights , the League is likely to retard the growth of trade , and thus the chance for poor non-democracies to catch up .
The sanctions adopted by the EU and the US against Assad 's regime are not enough .
Likewise , the EU has failed to give adequate support to Georgia , or to impose appropriate sanctions on Uzbekistan for last year 's massacre at Andijon .
As things stand now , no country can use trade sanctions to impose its own standards on another country when an imported product is physically the same as the nationally produced one .
Terrorists , when caught , are subject to criminal sanctions and punishment under the law .
On the fiscal side , the rules of the Stability and Growth Pact were even weakened , and the decisions on adjustment measures and possible sanctions became dependent on short-sighted political considerations .
These efforts will require far-reaching reforms . What is required is de-politicized fiscal and macroeconomic surveillance , stricter and more binding budgetary rules , smoother recourse to sanctions for breaching them , and close co-ordination of economic policies .
Such sanctions should begin to be imposed when governments fail to meet minimum requirements for attaining medium-term objectives .
The higher the risk , the more binding the recommendations for the reduction of imbalances , the stricter the surveillance of how well appropriate measures are implemented , and the harsher the possible sanctions for continued rule violations .
In South Africa , it was arguably the economic pressure brought by sanctions which eventually brought down the racist Apartheid system ; but by the same token , it was economic support from the outside -- including loans from multinational banks -- which kept the system going for so long .
But the Gulf War and sanctions weakened Iraq 's economy much more than communism weakened the USSR 's .
These include , first , that solutions to global warming require the participation of all countries . Second , there can be no free riders , so trade sanctions -- the only effective sanctions that the international community currently has -- can and should be imposed on those not going along .
Individual companies , mindful of US sanctions on those who do business with the regime , can also help .
But Western sanctions have not worked , either .
Western sanctions instead paved the way for investments in Myanmar by those with less concern about human rights violations -- first by ASEAN neighbors in hotels and other sectors , and more recently by China and India , which are vying for projects and influence in the strategic energy sector .
While ASEAN rejected previous calls to impose sanctions , or even to expel Myanmar , this step shows that it will not remain inert regardless of what the generals do .
One is the decision by the United States to reconsider its policy of sanctions , becoming more flexible while remaining true to its values and interests .
When monks were being mown down on the streets of Yangon in 2006 , the Indian government called for negotiations , muttered banalities about national reconciliation , and opposed sanctions .
Issues like sanctions on Iran , the stop-and-start Middle East peace process , and the world 's response to a likely change of leadership in North Korea , will almost certainly appear on the Council 's agenda as well .
Mohammad El-Baradei , the director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- , is pressing the agency 's board of governors to make one last effort to find a diplomatic solution to Iran 's nuclear ambitions before sending the case to the United Nations Security Council for possible sanctions .
As for the West , it is fruitless to try to bring Putin and his team back to democracy , where Russia does not belong , or to punish Russia with sanctions , which wo n't work .
Russia 's tone , especially toward the United States , began to change last year , but the Kremlin 's support for a fourth United Nations Security Council sanctions resolution on Iran demonstrates that , today , there is real substance .
Russia , by wielding the threat of its Security Council veto , spent much of the past two years whittling away the proposed list of sanctions that might be slapped on Iran for its refusal to honor its commitments to the International Atomic Energy Agency over its nuclear program .
As a result , the sanctions that have been imposed by the UN Security Council are so tepid that they are unlikely to be effective .
Russia 's other selfish aim has been to exempt from sanctions the Bushehr nuclear-reactor project it is building for Iran , and to ward off a UN-sponsored financial squeeze on Iran that might put at risk the profits Russia hopes to earn from providing nuclear fuel for the reactor , which is due to be commissioned late this year .
Russia trades heavily with Iran , which is another reason it is wary of sanctions on that country .
Straying outside of those parameters would lead to warnings and sanctions , but otherwise there would be some flexibility for member states to pursue the EU 's collective goals at a pace adapted to their national circumstances .
For example , while Western representatives generally view Iran as an emerging threat , many Russians still insist that the Iranian regime remains a proliferation challenge that can be managed through non-BMD means such as diplomacy and limited international sanctions .
Of course some rules , such as rules governing the promulgation of trade sanctions , now exist within , say , the WTO .
During this period of uncertainty , we recommend framing US policy toward Burma on the basis of changes taking place in the country , using both engagement and sanctions to encourage reform .
The Obama administration 's decision to maintain trade and investment sanctions on Burma in the absence of meaningful change , particularly with regard to the Burmese government 's intolerance of political opposition , is correct .
The removal by the US of some noneconomic sanctions designed to restrict official bilateral interaction is welcome , and an even greater relaxation in communications , through both official and unofficial channels , should be implemented .
If there is no movement on these fronts , there will likely be pressure in the US for tightening sanctions .
If there is no recourse but to pursue stronger sanctions , the US should coordinate with others , including the European Union and ASEAN , to impose targeted financial and banking measures to ensure that military leaders and their associates can not evade the impact of what otherwise would be less-effective unilateral sanctions .
For example , the Chinese government reiterated its core diplomatic principle of non-intervention in other countries ' affairs during the Libya crisis , yet China accepted the imposition of United Nations ' sanctions on Muammar Qaddafi 's government .
Russia , of course , helped Iran kick off its nuclear program , and has often defended the Iranian regime from stiffer United Nations sanctions .
Russia 's other aim has been to exempt from UN sanctions the Bushehr nuclear reactor that it has been building for Iran .
And , even if new sanctions are imposed , the door to the Six-Party Talks must be left open for Kim Jong-il .
After tough and effective UN-led sanctions are imposed , the concerned parties must wait until North Korea feels the pain of the economic squeeze .
But , as North Korea is one of the world 's poorest and least globalized states , the effectiveness of sanctions will be limited .
Jewish settlers act outside of the law and commit provocative acts harming Palestinians , rarely incurring any penal sanctions .
The sanctions directed by the international community against Iran are not guaranteed to convince its leaders to desist from developing nuclear weapons .
Finally , long-term mismanagement and international sanctions have pushed the North Korean economy to the brink of collapse .
Of course , in order to pressure North Korea 's government to give up its nuclear option , the current international economic sanctions , which target WMD-related products and luxury goods , probably should continue .
These external penalties can displace the internal sanctions we feel when we do wrong .
