That will attract support among many UN members , including those that have major dissatisfied ethnic minorities .
So the question is not whether Europe exists , but whether we are satisfied with the way it functions .
Europe 's perceived attitude towards rogue states and global terrorism only enhances this perception of self-satisfied inwardness .
Inventions from 1850 to 1900 may well overshadow those of the entire 20th century , but they were the result of a few inventors , such as Thomas Edison , who satisfied a small wealthy clientele .
Moreover , their innovations created and satisfied many new consumer desires .
Rapidly expanding demand for skilled workers can not be satisfied as long as average schooling still totals eight years .
Granted , many studies have confirmed that wealthier nations tend to be happier than poor ones , and that rich people are generally more satisfied than their less affluent fellow citizens .
This may have satisfied nationalist feelings in the Netherlands , as the country is 1.5 times the size of Belgium , but it did not go down well in Belgium .
Attachment to national feeling was further undermined by governments ' habit of blaming unpopular policies on European Union bureaucrats , who are increasingly seen as yet another bunch of self-satisfied , privileged , and unaccountable elitists .
Putting Qaddafi on trial probably would not have satisfied every Libyan 's feeling of injustice , but it might have helped to instill in Libyans greater respect for the rule of law .
Two-thirds of Bolivians are dissatisfied with the way the Constituent Assembly has carried out its work , and a majority believes that the constitutional text is illegal .
He remains personally popular and well regarded , but the public is increasingly dissatisfied and disappointed with his government 's actual performance .
Powell enumerated four conditions that must be satisfied in order to succeed in a military operation .
When an economy is operating efficiently , expectations are largely fulfilled ; desires , resources , and production technology are well matched ; and people are reasonably satisfied with their plans , relations , and contracts .
The second condition that must be satisfied before elections can be credible is security .
The most critical issue facing Brown is whether he chooses to distance himself from Blair 's self-satisfied and delusional claim that the invasion of Iraq was `` the right thing to do . ''
Where does this self-satisfied reaction come from ?
Neither by cajoling nor by beating can a donkey be turned into a racehorse , unless one is secretly satisfied with the donkey .
Beyond that , however , we should seriously consider whether , within the framework of the Treaty of Nice and on the basis of the Common Market , all parties involved and Europe would be better off parting ways : members favoring political integration should move on , while those satisfied with the Common Market should stay behind .
Merkel could attempt this strategy because she knew that her right flank was covered by the FDP , which would attract voters dissatisfied with the CDU 's leftward turn , but then join in a CDU-led coalition .
Setting such a precedent in Kosovo must be avoided to ensure stability not only in the Balkans , but in all countries with dissatisfied ethnic minority populations .
On the other hand , whereas , lenders once demanded commitments from Brazil that were often nearly impossible to meet due to the political situation , these same investors now generally seem completely satisfied with Brazil , despite its economic policy paralysis .
Today , it seems , some politicians are no longer satisfied with this so-called `` negative '' integration .
Their goals of re-creating some 7th century caliphate or , in the case of Iraq , restoring Sunni domination are unlikely to be satisfied by free men and women openly choosing their political system and leadership .
Some in Egypt will be satisfied only with full democracy ; others -LRB- probably a majority -RRB- will care most about public order , greater official accountability , a degree of political participation , and economic improvement .
Similarly , though China remains fundamentally dissatisfied with its southern land borders and its sea borders to the east and southeast , its current leaders fear that isolation would result from an assertive and aggressive foreign policy .
Russians who are dissatisfied with the system still have a limited choice : either support marginal , weak , and discredited oppositional candidates , or , hoping for modernization from the top , side with the very system they oppose .
When a firm makes a profit , this means that productive factors have been properly employed and corresponding human needs have been duly satisfied . ''
These can and must be changed before it will be possible to expand opportunities for everyone in Bolivia to become a dignified citizen , a respected worker , and a satisfied consumer .
But they have no reason to be satisfied with its current condition .
They used a chair as a mock target , leaving him satisfied that Islamic caning can be appropriately used as a punishment for women .
Are Russians so different from us in the western democratic world , or is democracy a luxury that only old , stable , prosperous , and satisfied societies can afford ?
In strategic terms , China is not a revisionist power , but instead a `` satisfied , '' status-quo power .
Above all , with the exception of the Taiwan issue , China is a satisfied status quo power when it comes to the evolution of the international system -- a patient actor that finds it perfectly legitimate to behave and to be seen as the world 's number two power .
Russia 's explosive `` revisionist '' behavior on the eve of the recent G8 summit is an indication of the Kremlin 's `` unsatisfied '' nature .
Unsatisfied with their inner identity , it is only natural that Russians should demand changes that make them feel more secure and proud .
China , for both good and bad , is a status-quo power that does not want to rock the boat of the international system -- a power largely satisfied with its new status , but one that does not want to see its regime transformed , especially through external pressures .
China is , with the exception of Tibet , a satisfied and confident status-quo empire .
People will not be satisfied with economic handouts or cosmetic changes in governance ; they are demanding real change that puts their country on a clear path toward democracy .
Whatever the reasons for the decline , if the public becomes unwilling to provide such crucial resources as tax dollars , or to comply voluntarily with laws , or if bright young people refuse to go into government service , governmental capacity will be impaired and people will become more dissatisfied with it .
Any graduate student in economics knows that deregulation , privatization , and trade liberalization can not be expected to produce economic benefits without a long list of unlikely conditions being satisfied .
Germany satisfied the criterion with ease during 1996-8 , though by most measures the Deutschemark was 20 % overvalued compared to the franc and other eurozone currencies .
Still , the AKP can be satisfied that after five years in office its popular support has climbed , while the opposition has been shown to be incapable of challenging it seriously .
Any viable solution requires that the following conditions be satisfied :
Most surveys of happiness simply ask people how satisfied they are with their lives .
Whether these precautionary principles are satisfied in Libya requires expert judgment of the specifics of the situation .
The animal-welfare movement in China should not be satisfied with its small but conspicuous success regarding animal abuse in zoos .
One important question is whether we see happiness as the surplus of pleasure over pain experienced over a lifetime , or as the degree to which we are satisfied with our lives .
A second approach asks people : `` How satisfied are you with the way your life has gone so far ? ''
If they say they are satisfied , or very satisfied , they are happy , rather than unhappy .
The interviews recorded both subjective factors , such as how satisfied respondents are with their lives , and objective factors , like standard of living , health , and education , as well as participation in culture , community vitality , ecological health , and the balance between work and other activities .
Its two super-power assets -- nuclear weapons and energy -- make it a potential leader of all those lesser powers dissatisfied with their position in the world .
And Russia , deeply dissatisfied with its perceived second-class treatment by the US , is returning to the region with both business and weapon sales .
The Forgotten Virtues of Free Trade LONDON -- `` Laissez-faire , '' French President Nicolas Sarkozy recently declared , `` is finished . '' Perhaps , but should we really be satisfied if he is right ?
But Europe 's stability and commitment to economic growth across the continent require that these interests be satisfied without economic pressure or unilateral intervention .
But the most important question of EU democracy is this : a nation can vote its government out of office when it is not satisfied , but this is not possible in the EU .
