The power to tax is thought to make government debt safer : private borrowers have no right to the profits or wages that they need to satisfy their obligations .
Indeed , any reasonable reading of the resolution -- especially in the context of the conflict-ridden Balkans over the past two decades -- would acknowledge that independence would satisfy the resolution 's intent and the purpose of sustaining UN supervision of the province for the past eight years .
Time is running out , however , for them to satisfy their supporters and silence their critics by achieving it .
This can be done by making raters ' profits depend not on satisfying the issuers that select them , but on performing well for investors .
They are China 's last pristine rivers , but are now slated for sacrifice to satisfy the country 's insatiable thirst for power .
Indeed , both Israel and the United States are adamant about excluding Hamas from the Annapolis process unless and until it recognizes Israel 's right to exist , while Hamas will not abandon its identity as a resistance movement merely to join negotiations that seem unlikely to satisfy the Palestinian people 's minimal requirements .
A plan that almost certainly would have to satisfy Israel 's security concerns and lean toward acknowledging its Jewishness -- in a way that might entirely neutralize the Palestinian ethos of return -- would be especially unpalatable to them .
Creating and satisfying new consumer desires keeps the system going by absorbing the labor and purchasing power released by the increasingly efficient satisfaction of old ones .
At the other end of this process , producers who satisfy old desires continue economizing , because they compete for employees and consumers with producers who satisfy new desires .
Resources released by these imports fostered the growth of industries that satisfy new needs .
Simply put , the long-term prosperity of developed economies depends on their capacity to create and satisfy new consumer desires .
California 's government rarely manages to satisfy the balanced-budget requirement in the state constitution .
Protests in Morocco have not cut into King Mohammad 's broad popular support , and promises of economic and political reform will probably satisfy opposition parties for the time being .
The first change would enable Annex I countries to satisfy a greater share of their increasing climate responsibilities using credits from land-use projects implemented in non-Annex I countries . The second change would allow forestry and land-use projects that are eligible to issue carbon credits to include such activities as re-vegetation , forest restoration , and improved agricultural management .
There is a chance that , following Bin Laden 's death , the Haqqani group could now be tamed and thus become willing to enter into negotiations with the Afghan government . That would satisfy both the US and Pakistan .
While the rule of law does not necessarily satisfy everyone 's sense of justice , it does stop the cycle of violent retribution .
In the words of Immanuel Kant , not some Texas governor , no other `` penalty is capable of satisfying justice . ''
While repealing one law to satisfy his voters -- and get elected -- Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger promised new legislation that would restore undocumented workers ' ability to obtain a driver 's license .
It is an imperfect , unsatisfying justice , to be sure , but no more imperfect or unsatisfying than that dispensed by national courts .
Even if , at heart , they take the Bagehot view , all bankers recognize that market confidence requires them to demonstrate a more solid capital base to attract wholesale funding , as well as to satisfy the stricter demands of regulators .
Consider the claims -- rampant nowadays in the US -- that further government attempts to alleviate unemployment will fail , because America 's current high unemployment is `` structural '' : a failure of economic calculation has left the country with the wrong productive resources to satisfy household and business demand .
Nothing is more likely to strengthen nationalism and turn it to violence than a sense that one 's own homeland is being exploited-kept poor and powerless-by other nations to satisfy their own selfish interests .
Let us hope that we can learn to adapt to simpler -- though perhaps still satisfying -- lifestyles .
The IMF is well advised to stay away from the details and not stretch its little political capital to so broad a range of issues with an inevitable failure in satisfying the whole range of partners in an ever-wider dialogue ;
They can adopt a longer time horizon , because , unlike private fund managers , they do not have to satisfy impatient investors .
Money used by commercial banks to satisfy the RRR , which is held in accounts at the PBC , can no longer be extended as loans .
Now , as we begin to confront the inevitable exhaustion of fossil fuel supplies , we are asking agriculture to satisfy some of our energy appetite , as well .
This is like expecting your modest annual salary to satisfy all the appetites you developed while burning through a large inheritance .
Nowadays , however , Britain 's government itself seems to be forgetting the bedrock conditions of this British model by trying to satisfy the desire of particular communities ' for public recognition by officially promoting things like state-subsidized denominational schools .
Once rare and unmistakable , the term is now used loosely to describe people who do not really satisfy the narrow criteria intended for it by DSM IV .
It is thus urgent to satisfy populations ' most basic human needs through local development initiatives .
Such a strategy might be politically satisfying to some , but Russia lacks the resources to compete with the US and needs good bilateral relations in order to proceed with its own internal transformation .
The thinking is that young men and women will be less likely to become terrorists if they are members of societies that provide them with political and economic opportunities to live meaningful and satisfying lives .
It is never possible to satisfy the demands of all protesters , and regimes should not try .
The establishment of a Palestinian state will not be enough for those terrorists who want to see the elimination of the Jewish state , any more than reaching a compromise over Kashmir will satisfy those Pakistan-based terrorists with bigger agendas vis-à-vis India .
The propaganda campaign against Vlad succeeded brilliantly , satisfying the public 's appetite for sensation with graphic images of the vicious , impaling prince .
Even if the eurozone might not satisfy the necessary economic preconditions at the outset , economic variables would converge later on .
But it can -- and has -- been done , and it can be remarkably successful at satisfying peak demand for stability .
The government must be seen to care about `` aam aadmi , '' the common man -LRB- who votes -RRB- , while satisfying the needs of businessmen -LRB- who keep the economy humming -RRB- .
When asked what he thought about Western civilization , Gandhi famously replied , `` It would be a good idea . '' He also said that `` Earth provides enough to satisfy every man 's need , but not every man 's greed . ''
For Japan nowadays , security policy must satisfy a trinity of criteria : `` national interests , '' `` alliance , '' and `` international cooperation . ''
And then there is Japan , a member of the six-party talks and a steadfast US ally , which was angered by the recent delisting of North Korea , because the North has yet to satisfy fully Japanese inquiries into the abduction of its citizens by North Korean agents decades ago .
Many companies world-wide recognize that success requires satisfying the three elements of sustainable development : financial , environmental , and social .
Of course , this is not to say that Muslim radicals will not exploit the disarray if a satisfying resolution is not found rapidly .
Emphasizing China 's meteoric rise means less understanding in the rest of the world of the need to sustain rapid economic development in order to satisfy the expectations of its 1.3 billion inhabitants .
For the French , Sarkozy 's determination to act , despite the odds , seems far superior to the passive cynicism of those who preach abstention or satisfy themselves with empty words .
A majority of Israelis would probably back a preventive attack on Iran and satisfy themselves with the preservation of the status quo in relations with the Palestinians .
Moreover , intellectually , these women remind us that Western feminism did not have to evolve the way it did , and can still change and grow to embrace a more satisfying and humane definition of equality .
If states feel compelled to act in the case of Council stalemate , they should know that they would do less damage to their reputations if they act within the Panel 's guidelines for legitimacy , even if they fail to satisfy its criterion for legality .
Equally important will be whether Western policies toward the Middle East satisfy mainstream Muslims or reinforce the radicals ' narrative of a war against Islam .
But he risks angering laid-off workers and empowering inefficient crony capitalists , while moving too slowly to satisfy the desires of those who voted -LRB- and took to the streets to protest -RRB- against him .
If Europeans continue to build institutions that seek to satisfy all EU member states , they - individually and collectively - will be doomed to play a minor role on the global stage .
This appears to satisfy everyone , but it puts you in panic mode .
The result , even if new START is ratified , should satisfy no one .
This means that at some point large-scale , persistent sterilized foreign-exchange intervention -- amounting to several percentage points of GDP -- would satisfy the additional demand for emerging-market assets and stop the inflows , even if interest-rate differentials remain .
First , energy strategy must satisfy three objectives : low cost , diverse supply , and drastically reduced carbon dioxide emissions .
No land-for-peace deal will satisfy either side .
Once again , a subgroup of the population has been declared bandits and potential terrorists , satisfying people 's urge to find a clearly identifiable enemy who can be blamed for all that is wrong in today 's Russia .
But abundant psychological evidence has now shown that people do not satisfy Savage 's axioms of rationality .
The housing-price boom of the 2000 's was little more than a construction-supply bottleneck , an inability to satisfy investment demand fast enough , and was -LRB- or in some places will be -RRB- eliminated with massive increases in supply .
The other important issue raised by Golubchuk 's case is how far a publicly-funded health care system such as Canada 's has to go to satisfy the family 's wishes .
It was the euro , not the Italian government , that helped Italy satisfy the Stability and Growth Pact .
Future events could now be decomposed into calculable risks , and strategies and instruments could be developed to satisfy the full range of `` risk preferences . ''
Micro-states can never be made small enough to satisfy their advocates ' exalted standards of cultural integrity .
But he underestimated the weight of relative needs , especially as societies got richer , and , of course , the power of advertising to create new wants , and thus induce people to work in order to earn the money to satisfy them .
The fact that the market system is more efficient at creating wealth and satisfying wants than any other system is an additional bonus .
Rather , it comes from the feeling that Western civilization is increasingly unsatisfying , saddled with a system of incentives that are essential for accumulating wealth , but that undermine our capacity to enjoy it .
Then we would require only a certain amount of work -- much less than we perform now -- to satisfy all reasonable needs .
It is not clear now whether USEC will continue to satisfy those conditions -LRB- unless the US Treasury turns a blind eye -RRB- .
But the questions that Hatoyama and Rudd raised -- who is in Asia , and who gets to lead regional cooperation -- await a satisfying answer .
Perhaps no answer can satisfy them .
This process enabled western European companies and banks to expand into new markets with higher growth rates and , thereby satisfying pent-up demand and tapping unrealized potential .
Giving the Shia a real stake in the nations in which they live is the only way to satisfy the craving for empowerment that they feel after so many years of suppression .
Will the pace of appreciation accelerate enough to satisfy American demands ?
