This can be done by making raters ' profits depend not on satisfying the issuers that select them , but on performing well for investors .
Creating and satisfying new consumer desires keeps the system going by absorbing the labor and purchasing power released by the increasingly efficient satisfaction of old ones .
In the words of Immanuel Kant , not some Texas governor , no other `` penalty is capable of satisfying justice . ''
It is an imperfect , unsatisfying justice , to be sure , but no more imperfect or unsatisfying than that dispensed by national courts .
Let us hope that we can learn to adapt to simpler -- though perhaps still satisfying -- lifestyles .
The IMF is well advised to stay away from the details and not stretch its little political capital to so broad a range of issues with an inevitable failure in satisfying the whole range of partners in an ever-wider dialogue ;
Such a strategy might be politically satisfying to some , but Russia lacks the resources to compete with the US and needs good bilateral relations in order to proceed with its own internal transformation .
The thinking is that young men and women will be less likely to become terrorists if they are members of societies that provide them with political and economic opportunities to live meaningful and satisfying lives .
The propaganda campaign against Vlad succeeded brilliantly , satisfying the public 's appetite for sensation with graphic images of the vicious , impaling prince .
But it can -- and has -- been done , and it can be remarkably successful at satisfying peak demand for stability .
The government must be seen to care about `` aam aadmi , '' the common man -LRB- who votes -RRB- , while satisfying the needs of businessmen -LRB- who keep the economy humming -RRB- .
Many companies world-wide recognize that success requires satisfying the three elements of sustainable development : financial , environmental , and social .
Of course , this is not to say that Muslim radicals will not exploit the disarray if a satisfying resolution is not found rapidly .
Moreover , intellectually , these women remind us that Western feminism did not have to evolve the way it did , and can still change and grow to embrace a more satisfying and humane definition of equality .
Once again , a subgroup of the population has been declared bandits and potential terrorists , satisfying people 's urge to find a clearly identifiable enemy who can be blamed for all that is wrong in today 's Russia .
The fact that the market system is more efficient at creating wealth and satisfying wants than any other system is an additional bonus .
Rather , it comes from the feeling that Western civilization is increasingly unsatisfying , saddled with a system of incentives that are essential for accumulating wealth , but that undermine our capacity to enjoy it .
But the questions that Hatoyama and Rudd raised -- who is in Asia , and who gets to lead regional cooperation -- await a satisfying answer .
This process enabled western European companies and banks to expand into new markets with higher growth rates and , thereby satisfying pent-up demand and tapping unrealized potential .
