If employees feel more like insiders -- a key purpose of military rituals -- there is little need for incentive pay or pay-for-performance schemes .
But the charges against Khodorkovsky are as flimsy as they are tendentious : the privatization case had been amicably settled previously , and Khodorkovsky has merely used tax avoidance schemes that are commonplace in Russia -- and that have been upheld in court .
America 's drive to force Iran to stop its nuclear program through an ineffective sanctions regime has been no more successful than any of its other schemes to isolate the region 's extremists .
Jordanians of the caliber of Former Prime Ministers Abdelsalam Al-Majali and Taher al-Masri , as well as a former adviser of King Hussein , Adnan Abu-Odeh , have been advancing schemes for a Jordanian-Palestinian solution .
Take pension reform , which aims to reduce the scope of state-run , pay-as-you-go systems and expand private , fully funded schemes .
The result is a temporary increase in budget deficits ; the fiscal benefits appear only when private schemes start taking over pension liabilities from the state-run systems .
In countries like Germany , Italy , and the Netherlands , the rise in unemployment has been contained so far by massive use of short-time working schemes , which freeze workers with permanent contracts into their current jobs .
Moreover , unlike direct compensation schemes , a tissue tax does not exert undue influence on individuals or groups to donate tissue .
There is an obvious lesson to be learned from Argentina 's experience : if pension funds invest heavily in risky public-sector obligations -- a common strategy in Latin America throughout the transition from state-funded pay-as-you-go systems to schemes based on individual capitalized accounts -- repayment will be at risk from the outset .
Silvio Berlusconi 's ally in government , the Lega Nord -LRB- Northern League -RRB- , is continuously conjuring up schemes to embarrass the national government with threats to the concept of national unity .
In implementing this plan , governments must refrain from the temptation to turn national measures into narrow protectionist schemes .
But even before convicts became part of China 's overseas development effort , some Chinese projects , especially dam-building schemes , were embroiled in disputes with local communities in Botswana , Burma , Pakistan , Ghana , and Sudan .
Governments must continue to pay benefits to today 's pensioners , and they can do so only by borrowing money to replace the revenues that tomorrow 's pensioners are now diverting to personal insurance schemes .
To reintegrate these fighters into the productive economy will require a change in policies , including a rapid reactivation of rural development schemes and the promotion of local entrepreneurship , public works , and other legal activities .
· the decision was made to eschew principles-based regulation and allow the shadow banking sector to grow with respect to its leverage and its compensation schemes , in the belief that the government 's guarantee of the commercial banking system was enough to keep us out of trouble ;
· Transparent pricing schemes that systematically address the challenge of affordability ;
-LRB- Many European governments currently have `` cash-for-clunker '' schemes that buy and destroy old cars ; a cash-for-gas-engines scheme would make more sense by lowering costs and conserving the many car bodies that still work fine . -RRB-
These recovery schemes put national interests first , using the argument that taxpayers ' money must be used to defend the nation 's companies and workers .
It makes it easier to eliminate budget deficits , and it makes it possible to increase education spending and to fund training schemes for the long-term unemployed .
Russia is a rich country with a poor population , and redistribution schemes work well in such conditions .
Staggered alignment of economic and social policies -LRB- such as the legal retirement age -RRB- , new balancing schemes -LRB- euro bonds as a transfer instrument -RRB- , and an effective stability mechanism are all needed to preserve the common currency .
The European Union and other developed countries are already intent on tackling the problem of global food security , and could easily tailor their own schemes to become part of this wider program .
Such ambitious goals , however unrealistic , can have a disciplining effect , leading some EU countries to increase their spending , while the EU itself has launched a number of promising schemes .
It would aim to spread throughout the country the successful model developed in Zulia whereby students from poor backgrounds are admitted to local private universities as a result of schemes drawn up with the regional government .
As it is , even Roman Abramovich 's Sibneft -- potentially the most vulnerable company due to its oligarch ownership and its use of the same tax minimization schemes that were the undoing of Yukos -- merely faces a preliminary claim for back taxes .
But schemes such as public subsidies for scrapping old and fuel-inefficient cars simply led many people to re-schedule their purchases .
Worse still , the demographic threat is being heightened by the way most countries finance their public pension schemes .
This type of extreme financial incentive is particularly true in some countries like Belgium or the Netherlands with easily accessible early retirement schemes - schemes which , to boot , often fail to adjust benefit levels to offset their longer duration .
It is argued that early retirement systems cater to needs that are different from those addressed by traditional PAYG schemes .
However , early retirement schemes also imply tremendous-and often neglected-costs for government budgets and the pension systems by increasing benefit payments while reducing contributions .
The community-based health insurance schemes that are prospering all over Africa are a good example of this .
A policy of expanding legitimate micro-lending schemes and prosecuting illegal loan sharks , not to mention the promotion of sustainable agricultural practices that require fewer expensive -LRB- and environmentally dangerous -RRB- inputs , would do far more to help India 's poorest farmers than this expensive and misguided measure .
Many measures used in the developed world to reduce vehicle-caused smog -- including particulate filters and `` inspection and maintenance '' schemes -- are prohibitively expensive in the developing world .
In such schemes , Chávez has so far had more success than Morales , whose Constitutional Assembly has not yet been able to organize itself .
In its current state , cap-and-trade schemes to reduce emissions are far from being fair and effective ; a major improvement would include establishing a Central Climate Bank to register and supervise the transfer of emissions credits .
In that case , governments will try to cut carbon emissions through taxes and trading schemes without effective replacements .
In short , the EU will no longer be able to offer attractive membership prospects to neighboring countries , nor will it be able to allocate adequate resources for surrogate membership schemes like the Eastern Partnership .
Argentina 's financial panic and the run on its banks that ensued , as well as Asia 's financial crisis of 1997 , have forced a number of countries to consider adopting deposit insurance schemes to protect their citizens ' savings .
I have studied policies of the type proposed by Bagehot in a way that allows me to compare them with deposit insurance schemes .
Koizumi slashed a large portion of the budgets for public works and abandoned the rural population , which depended on a variety of redistributive schemes .
The Davignon Plan imposed Europe-wide production and price controls , monitored and coordinated national governments ' state aids , organized the closures of outdated plants , encouraged mergers , and awarded EU funding to retraining schemes for redundant steel workers .
But such schemes would come at a high cost .
Afghanistan , indeed , must be integrated into the regional pipeline and other development schemes .
To work effectively , electronics manufacturers must assume some responsibility for training recyclers , in developing small-scale facilities that can operate at the regional level , and in working with regulators to ensure appropriate safety and environmental monitoring schemes for such operations .
If the ADB were serious about poverty reduction , it would put a significant share of its investments in social development , particularly on non-contributory universal social security schemes that can reduce poverty by 35 % to 50 % .
It requires that aid to poor countries be sustained ; that governments focus on expansionary macroeconomic policies that support employment and broad-based economic activities ; that new schemes be introduced to extend health services and social protection for the poor ; and that investments in education , water supply , sanitation , agriculture , and food security receive the support they need .
Its costs overwhelm workplace health-insurance schemes .
To see the folly of these endeavors , let me dissect a number of anti-poppy schemes undertaken in Afghanistan with which I was connected .
Thai Rak Thai 's populism featured income redistribution , cheap health care , micro-credit schemes , and a dazzling array of policy innovations that ushered Thailand into twenty-first-century globalization .
The rise in food prices has exposed the downside of economic interdependence without global transfer and compensation schemes .
Many countries require sweeping reforms to make their tax systems more efficient and their entitlement programs -- including their pension schemes -- more realistic .
First , compensation schemes must be radically altered through regulation , as banks will not do it themselves for fear of losing talented people to competitors .
Aging populations in most advanced economies imply additional public debt in the long term , owing to non-fully-funded pension schemes and rising health-care costs .
This party , now using the presumptuous name `` The Left , '' has gained a foothold in West Germany with its impossible promises of higher pensions , a minimum hourly wage of ¤ 10 , huge public investment schemes , and zero unemployment -- in short , exactly the kind of socialist paradise that failed in East Germany .
True , private capital flows have surged in the wake of global liberalization and these countries ' privatization schemes .
Most of the discussion surrounding how to respond to Asia 's tsunami disaster has focused on government relief programs and official schemes to implement early warning systems .
The Bank made a profit and grew over the years -- and has inspired similar microcredit schemes elsewhere .
Capitalist institutions include risk-management schemes that provide insurance , hedging , and diversification .
Vivid images have stuck in people 's minds from that episode : long lines of cars at gas stations , people riding bicycles to work , gasless Sundays and other rationing schemes .
No wonder that many are now skeptical about taxpayer-funded schemes to bail out banks , insurance companies , and even automakers .
Work-sharing schemes , in many different forms , are becoming the norm in Holland and Denmark , and have made inroads in France and Germany .
And , as I suggested above , all schemes aimed at easing the burden of work and increasing the amount of leisure risk falling victim to our genius for conjuring up new disasters .
What all such schemes amount to is piling one lot of bonds on top of another in an attempt to square the circle of Greece 's inability to pay , and to minimize the losses faced by its creditors -- mostly European banks .
The Clean Development Mechanism of the Kyoto Protocol could channel $ 100 billion in funds from North to South for investment in carbon offsetting projects such as renewable energy schemes and tree planting .
After a slow start , rapid progress has been achieved , with 36 measures formally adopted , including important directives on market abuse , prospectuses , financial collateral , distance marketing , collective investment schemes , and a common set of International Accounting Standards for the consolidated accounts of all listed companies .
Of course , compensation payments and fees for government guarantees are being levied on banks participating in taxpayer-funded stabilization schemes .
How was it that a few oligarchs could bleed Russia of billions of dollars through state-give aways of assets under privatization schemes encouraged by the IMF , but there was not enough money to pay miserly pensions to the aged ?
Likewise , micro-credit schemes throughout the developing world have provided finance for the poor to expand their economic enterprise , with repayment rates that are truly impressive .
As individual savings accounts figure increasingly in social protection systems , governments need to provide adequate economic security for those who can not benefit from such social protection schemes .
For example , micro-credit has empowered millions of women , while important lessons have been learned from such schemes ' design and implementation .
In order to compete with China 's export-boosting public-private schemes , other Asian countries are now pursuing similar policies .
It is -LRB- now -RRB- no secret that they have operated so far as large sophisticated compensation schemes , masking probabilities of low-risk , high-impact `` Black Swan '' events and benefiting from the free backstop of implicit public guarantees .
A well-functioning market would produce outcomes that favor banks with the right exposures , the right compensation schemes , the right risk-sharing , and therefore the right corporate governance .
Politically , that debate focuses on the costs of bailouts and on tax schemes designed to `` get our money back . ''
For example , traditional businesses , from fabric wholesaling to banking and salt mining , evolved elaborate profit-sharing schemes among owners , partners , and employees as their business expanded over time or into chain outlets across the country .
While there are currently other priorities , it would be useful for the IMF to study anew an SDR substitution account and similar schemes .
Much research has tried to establish a connection between bankers ' compensation schemes and risk-taking , but has failed to find one .
