If employees feel more like insiders -- a key purpose of military rituals -- there is little need for incentive pay or pay-for-performance schemes .
EU Commission President Romano Prodi has proposed a scheme to strengthen the Union 's executive .
But the charges against Khodorkovsky are as flimsy as they are tendentious : the privatization case had been amicably settled previously , and Khodorkovsky has merely used tax avoidance schemes that are commonplace in Russia -- and that have been upheld in court .
So far , Norway has avoided the worst pitfalls of the Dutch disease by using its massive oil revenues to establish a national savings scheme , the Petroleum Fund , which is permitted to invest only in foreign assets .
The only way to extricate Syria from the fatal Iranian embrace is to draw it into a regional scheme for peace .
America 's drive to force Iran to stop its nuclear program through an ineffective sanctions regime has been no more successful than any of its other schemes to isolate the region 's extremists .
But the security that this scheme was supposed to produce could never really be achieved ; the centrality of the Arab-Israeli conflict could not be attenuated .
Jordanians of the caliber of Former Prime Ministers Abdelsalam Al-Majali and Taher al-Masri , as well as a former adviser of King Hussein , Adnan Abu-Odeh , have been advancing schemes for a Jordanian-Palestinian solution .
Take pension reform , which aims to reduce the scope of state-run , pay-as-you-go systems and expand private , fully funded schemes .
The result is a temporary increase in budget deficits ; the fiscal benefits appear only when private schemes start taking over pension liabilities from the state-run systems .
In countries like Germany , Italy , and the Netherlands , the rise in unemployment has been contained so far by massive use of short-time working schemes , which freeze workers with permanent contracts into their current jobs .
Under this scheme , job-security provisions , mainly in the form of mandated severance payments , should increase steadily as workers acquire seniority .
Moreover , unlike direct compensation schemes , a tissue tax does not exert undue influence on individuals or groups to donate tissue .
But is Iraq really symptomatic of a greater Shia scheme ?
There is an obvious lesson to be learned from Argentina 's experience : if pension funds invest heavily in risky public-sector obligations -- a common strategy in Latin America throughout the transition from state-funded pay-as-you-go systems to schemes based on individual capitalized accounts -- repayment will be at risk from the outset .
Silvio Berlusconi 's ally in government , the Lega Nord -LRB- Northern League -RRB- , is continuously conjuring up schemes to embarrass the national government with threats to the concept of national unity .
The one positive feature of the reforms -- a scheme aimed at ensuring equal radio and television airtime for parties during electoral campaigns -- was tainted by serious legislative omissions .
In implementing this plan , governments must refrain from the temptation to turn national measures into narrow protectionist schemes .
Finally , Hong Kong represents a test of the `` one country , two systems '' model proclaimed in 1997 , and thus of the feasibility of China 's applying the same scheme to its reunification plans for Taiwan .
In fact , India 's `` reserved places '' scheme operates as a deliberate smokescreen , for it allows the government cleverly to mask the real issue , which is access to primary education for India 's disadvantaged .
But even before convicts became part of China 's overseas development effort , some Chinese projects , especially dam-building schemes , were embroiled in disputes with local communities in Botswana , Burma , Pakistan , Ghana , and Sudan .
Governments must continue to pay benefits to today 's pensioners , and they can do so only by borrowing money to replace the revenues that tomorrow 's pensioners are now diverting to personal insurance schemes .
The major advantage of the scheme is that it dovetails with other reforms under development in Basel . A retail ring-fence makes most sense if coupled with new a new resolution regime , which would allow a retail subsidiary to be wound up without contagion across the group .
As a result , our financial markets became a pyramid scheme .
To reintegrate these fighters into the productive economy will require a change in policies , including a rapid reactivation of rural development schemes and the promotion of local entrepreneurship , public works , and other legal activities .
On healthcare reform , Obama 's proudest moment , his achievement is ... drum roll ... a scheme that almost precisely mimics the reform that Mitt Romney , a Republican who sought the presidency in 2008 , brought to the state of Massachusetts .
· Fifth , the supply of eager purchasers and trend-chasing investors comes to an end , producing a crash that resembles the collapse of a Ponzi scheme .
At this point , I as a pundit am supposed to come up with my magic plan , my clever scheme for fixing things and putting the world to rights .
For example , Lula 's Workers ' Party , which rejected pension reforms submitted by the previous Cardoso administration , expects Lula to preserve far more of the scheme than former President Cardoso believed possible .
· the decision was made to eschew principles-based regulation and allow the shadow banking sector to grow with respect to its leverage and its compensation schemes , in the belief that the government 's guarantee of the commercial banking system was enough to keep us out of trouble ;
· Transparent pricing schemes that systematically address the challenge of affordability ;
`` We decided that if we could get 500 people to show interest in a converted car , we could demonstrate that the mass conversion scheme would make sense . ''
-LRB- Many European governments currently have `` cash-for-clunker '' schemes that buy and destroy old cars ; a cash-for-gas-engines scheme would make more sense by lowering costs and conserving the many car bodies that still work fine . -RRB-
These recovery schemes put national interests first , using the argument that taxpayers ' money must be used to defend the nation 's companies and workers .
The Commission 's competition lawyers announced that they would look into all national clauses , but GM 's recovery and the slow implementation of the German scheme ended up undermining the Magna solution .
It makes it easier to eliminate budget deficits , and it makes it possible to increase education spending and to fund training schemes for the long-term unemployed .
This scheme would n't solve all of Asia 's problems .
Russia is a rich country with a poor population , and redistribution schemes work well in such conditions .
If an international agreement to impose a cap-and-trade scheme is adopted in Copenhagen , the countries there should agree as well that there will be no attempt to introduce offsetting tariffs that would ultimately threaten our global system of free trade .
Where this will lead the world can be seen even today : China already has the world 's most ambitious scheme for expanding nuclear energy , and every year it builds coal-fired power plants whose electricity output is roughly equivalent to the capacity of the entire British power grid !
Staggered alignment of economic and social policies -LRB- such as the legal retirement age -RRB- , new balancing schemes -LRB- euro bonds as a transfer instrument -RRB- , and an effective stability mechanism are all needed to preserve the common currency .
The European Union and other developed countries are already intent on tackling the problem of global food security , and could easily tailor their own schemes to become part of this wider program .
If `` more extensive '' means piecemeal limited commitments that will eventually be exhausted , the scheme runs the risk of creating losses -LRB- just as the Bundesbank would have suffered losses had it engaged in limited defense of weak ERM currencies -RRB- .
Such ambitious goals , however unrealistic , can have a disciplining effect , leading some EU countries to increase their spending , while the EU itself has launched a number of promising schemes .
It would aim to spread throughout the country the successful model developed in Zulia whereby students from poor backgrounds are admitted to local private universities as a result of schemes drawn up with the regional government .
The scheme was dangerous from the viewpoint of financial markets , but extremely effective for tackling political hurdles .
As it is , even Roman Abramovich 's Sibneft -- potentially the most vulnerable company due to its oligarch ownership and its use of the same tax minimization schemes that were the undoing of Yukos -- merely faces a preliminary claim for back taxes .
Mr. Shang needs to grasp the nettle and come up with a new scheme for selling off the central government 's shares . # 5 .
Second , the EU should enact a common scheme for admission of immigrant workers from outside the Union .
Such a scheme should include a `` point system '' for selecting applicants for residence and work permits , which would assign each applicant a score based on objective criteria , typically including language ability , education , and experience .
She and her husband had hit upon a novel scheme : alternating power between them every four years .
But schemes such as public subsidies for scrapping old and fuel-inefficient cars simply led many people to re-schedule their purchases .
At the G-7 meeting of finance ministers in Louvre in February 1987 , Balladur suggested a system of currency target zones ; when its realization proved problematic , he pushed on with a more definitive and tighter European version of the scheme .
But , as European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet likes to point out , market participants are good at thinking backwards : if they can see where a Ponzi-type scheme ends , everything unravels .
Worse still , the demographic threat is being heightened by the way most countries finance their public pension schemes .
This type of extreme financial incentive is particularly true in some countries like Belgium or the Netherlands with easily accessible early retirement schemes - schemes which , to boot , often fail to adjust benefit levels to offset their longer duration .
It is argued that early retirement systems cater to needs that are different from those addressed by traditional PAYG schemes .
However , early retirement schemes also imply tremendous-and often neglected-costs for government budgets and the pension systems by increasing benefit payments while reducing contributions .
The rest pass through some type of early retirement scheme .
The community-based health insurance schemes that are prospering all over Africa are a good example of this .
While well intentioned , the new budget 's lavish loan forgiveness scheme will not help those farmers who most need relief : 80 % of India 's farmers have no access to formal credit , and it is bank loans that are to be forgiven .
A policy of expanding legitimate micro-lending schemes and prosecuting illegal loan sharks , not to mention the promotion of sustainable agricultural practices that require fewer expensive -LRB- and environmentally dangerous -RRB- inputs , would do far more to help India 's poorest farmers than this expensive and misguided measure .
Of course , the language that he used to sell his scheme to the Chinese was very different from the words his father used to present his plans to Hitler .
Many measures used in the developed world to reduce vehicle-caused smog -- including particulate filters and `` inspection and maintenance '' schemes -- are prohibitively expensive in the developing world .
In such schemes , Chávez has so far had more success than Morales , whose Constitutional Assembly has not yet been able to organize itself .
In its current state , cap-and-trade schemes to reduce emissions are far from being fair and effective ; a major improvement would include establishing a Central Climate Bank to register and supervise the transfer of emissions credits .
The Ministry of Trade and Industry established a sensible incentive scheme for export-oriented investment and a black empowerment program that encourages investors to help the previously neglected workforce .
Another innovative idea that Hong Kong and Guangdong are exploring is the `` P2E2 '' scheme .
Mexico has chosen a targeted insurance scheme for households that are not covered by social security scheme and are too poor to afford private insurance .
Instead of a specific insurance scheme , Colombia created conditions for a new class of insurers to compete for clients and a new funding mechanism to finance them .
Though political resistance and financial limitations have slowed expansion , this is arguably the most far-reaching universal coverage scheme , because it creates competition among all kinds of insurers and health care providers .
The Mexican scheme enrolled 1.7 million families by its second year , while the Colombian scheme signed up 13 million people within its first decade .
The Colombian insurance scheme costs around $ 164 for each person covered , or $ 83 for fully subsidized coverage with a less generous benefit package .
In that case , governments will try to cut carbon emissions through taxes and trading schemes without effective replacements .
In short , the EU will no longer be able to offer attractive membership prospects to neighboring countries , nor will it be able to allocate adequate resources for surrogate membership schemes like the Eastern Partnership .
Although an offshoot of the Sunni Muslim Brotherhood , whose Arab financial supporters loathe the Ayatollahs , Hamas decided to cooperate in Iran 's scheme because it was diplomatically isolated and cut off from Western funding due to its refusal to recognize Israel .
Argentina 's financial panic and the run on its banks that ensued , as well as Asia 's financial crisis of 1997 , have forced a number of countries to consider adopting deposit insurance schemes to protect their citizens ' savings .
The first explicit scheme was introduced in America after the Great Depression and initially seemed an unmitigated success .
I have studied policies of the type proposed by Bagehot in a way that allows me to compare them with deposit insurance schemes .
Koizumi slashed a large portion of the budgets for public works and abandoned the rural population , which depended on a variety of redistributive schemes .
Such a scenario will be possible only with the involvement of the UN Security Council , which might consider running a scheme based on the Iraqi oil-for-food program .
Capital flight provides creditors with the resources they need to finance additional loans to the countries from which these resources originated in the first place - a scheme known as `` round-tipping '' or `` back-to-back '' loans .
A rule that requires a rotation of votes among Council members , or that groups them into voting blocs , could replace the current one-man-one-vote scheme .
The Davignon Plan imposed Europe-wide production and price controls , monitored and coordinated national governments ' state aids , organized the closures of outdated plants , encouraged mergers , and awarded EU funding to retraining schemes for redundant steel workers .
But such schemes would come at a high cost .
Afghanistan , indeed , must be integrated into the regional pipeline and other development schemes .
Despite tight monetary policy and foreign exchange regulations , the scheme has boosted trade and investment while reducing intraregional indebtedness .
After the failure of its imperialist Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity scheme of the 1930 's -LRB- which had a soft-power component of anti-European propaganda -RRB- and its defeat in World War II , Japan turned to a strategy that minimized military power and relied on strategic alliance with the US .
To work effectively , electronics manufacturers must assume some responsibility for training recyclers , in developing small-scale facilities that can operate at the regional level , and in working with regulators to ensure appropriate safety and environmental monitoring schemes for such operations .
The driving force behind this scheme is the need for political instruments to reflect current power realities .
If the ADB were serious about poverty reduction , it would put a significant share of its investments in social development , particularly on non-contributory universal social security schemes that can reduce poverty by 35 % to 50 % .
It requires that aid to poor countries be sustained ; that governments focus on expansionary macroeconomic policies that support employment and broad-based economic activities ; that new schemes be introduced to extend health services and social protection for the poor ; and that investments in education , water supply , sanitation , agriculture , and food security receive the support they need .
Its costs overwhelm workplace health-insurance schemes .
The original Barcelona Process , launched in 1995 , was an excellent scheme .
To see the folly of these endeavors , let me dissect a number of anti-poppy schemes undertaken in Afghanistan with which I was connected .
This program was quickly dubbed the `` Kebabs for Poppy '' scheme .
But , to make this scheme more concrete , I would suggest augmenting it with a `` pact for labor and skills '' between the EU and the Arab countries that choose a path to democratic transformation .
Thai Rak Thai 's populism featured income redistribution , cheap health care , micro-credit schemes , and a dazzling array of policy innovations that ushered Thailand into twenty-first-century globalization .
That scheme is both absurd and dangerous .
This division of labor between the System-I and System-II mechanisms would work well were it not for the fact that our lazy and cheap decision-making mode tends to take over in situations that should command our fullest attention : choosing a pension plan or a health care scheme , for example .
This scheme for recapitalizing banks has three advantages over others that have been suggested by economists and politicians .
The rise in food prices has exposed the downside of economic interdependence without global transfer and compensation schemes .
So , too , are the Republicans in Congress , along with some Democrats who feel that the scheme has come too late and may interfere with other reform efforts under way , as watered-down as those initiatives may be .
Jailed swindler Bernie Madoff recently summed up a lot of people 's feelings about fiscal policy , declaring that `` the whole government is a Ponzi scheme . ''
Perhaps this was just wishful thinking from a man who will die in prison after his own record-breaking $ 50 billion pyramid scheme collapsed in 2008 .
Many countries require sweeping reforms to make their tax systems more efficient and their entitlement programs -- including their pension schemes -- more realistic .
To be sure , Bernie Madoff may yet be proved right , and his will not turn out to be the biggest Ponzi scheme ever .
But the real problem is that the global economy is badly overleveraged , and there is no quick escape without a scheme to transfer wealth from creditors to debtors , either through defaults , financial repression , or inflation .
So , after a totally flawed plan that would have given money to Greece too late -- only when the country risked a refinancing crisis -- and at market rates that would make its debt unsustainable , the EU regained its senses and designed a new scheme that is closer to typical IMF conditionality : tranched support with some early front-loaded support and a semi-concessional interest rate .
Our global debt mechanics are looking increasingly like a Ponzi scheme .
First , compensation schemes must be radically altered through regulation , as banks will not do it themselves for fear of losing talented people to competitors .
Aging populations in most advanced economies imply additional public debt in the long term , owing to non-fully-funded pension schemes and rising health-care costs .
This party , now using the presumptuous name `` The Left , '' has gained a foothold in West Germany with its impossible promises of higher pensions , a minimum hourly wage of ¤ 10 , huge public investment schemes , and zero unemployment -- in short , exactly the kind of socialist paradise that failed in East Germany .
True , private capital flows have surged in the wake of global liberalization and these countries ' privatization schemes .
Calling this a Ponzi scheme might be too harsh . But few financial professionals have been fooled .
On the contrary , they are now the government 's partners in a joint venture to manage this dishonest scheme .
Most of the discussion surrounding how to respond to Asia 's tsunami disaster has focused on government relief programs and official schemes to implement early warning systems .
The Bank made a profit and grew over the years -- and has inspired similar microcredit schemes elsewhere .
If the product helps families save , he hopes to persuade lawmakers to make this type of savings scheme easier to offer in America .
Capitalist institutions include risk-management schemes that provide insurance , hedging , and diversification .
Vivid images have stuck in people 's minds from that episode : long lines of cars at gas stations , people riding bicycles to work , gasless Sundays and other rationing schemes .
The government 's ability to offer such insurance on a scale sufficient to make it costless is one reason to favor a public scheme over private insurers .
These securities are offered in pairs -- one long and one short -- and , unlike in a government-run scheme , in whatever quantity the market demands .
Finally , the market-timing practices of mutual funds that have been revealed to date simply do n't amount to all that much in the broader scheme of things .
Given the volume of jet fuel involved , key players , including buyers , sellers , and US officials , obviously knew or should have known about the scheme .
The beauty of the scheme is that it gives economic support to the idea that all human lives are of equal value .
No wonder that many are now skeptical about taxpayer-funded schemes to bail out banks , insurance companies , and even automakers .
In a recent paper , the economists Alan Blinder and Mark Zandl found that the total stimulus policy adopted in 2009-2010 -LRB- including TARP , the much-maligned financial-sector bailout scheme -RRB- averted another Great Depression .
Work-sharing schemes , in many different forms , are becoming the norm in Holland and Denmark , and have made inroads in France and Germany .
And , as I suggested above , all schemes aimed at easing the burden of work and increasing the amount of leisure risk falling victim to our genius for conjuring up new disasters .
What all such schemes amount to is piling one lot of bonds on top of another in an attempt to square the circle of Greece 's inability to pay , and to minimize the losses faced by its creditors -- mostly European banks .
The Clean Development Mechanism of the Kyoto Protocol could channel $ 100 billion in funds from North to South for investment in carbon offsetting projects such as renewable energy schemes and tree planting .
As a consequence , the national health-care scheme actually provides a net benefit for the average income earner .
Unfortunately , such a scheme exceeds the imagination and political will of the IMF 's shareholders .
The SDR donation scheme would activate resources that are currently idle , benefiting donors and recipients .
Karl Popper modified this scheme in his seminal book The Open Society and Its Enemies , published in 1944 .
Unless the Treasury overpays for the securities , the scheme would not bring relief .
But if the scheme is used to bail out insolvent banks , what will the taxpayers get in return ?
It would take too long to work out the conflicts to include a mortgage modification scheme in the rescue package .
It is difficult to think of a scheme where the cost\/benefit ratio is so favorable .
To make the scheme counter-cyclical , the SDR issues could be callable in tranches when the global economy overheats .
The carbon-trading scheme that it established gave rise to many abuses .
These efforts can serve as a prototype for assisting other countries such as Guyana , where the current forest-preservation scheme does not work so well .
That means strengthening the eurozone , which would probably require wider use of Eurobonds and a eurozone-wide deposit-insurance scheme of some kind .
After a slow start , rapid progress has been achieved , with 36 measures formally adopted , including important directives on market abuse , prospectuses , financial collateral , distance marketing , collective investment schemes , and a common set of International Accounting Standards for the consolidated accounts of all listed companies .
Of course , compensation payments and fees for government guarantees are being levied on banks participating in taxpayer-funded stabilization schemes .
Nor would this scheme be inflationary .
The scheme also provides regular funding , not currently available , to finance global public goods .
Implementing the scheme will not require the support of every major developed country . This is important because the US might oppose any plan that undermines demand for Treasury bills -LRB- and thus its guaranteed access to low-cost financing -RRB- .
Innumerable details must be worked out before a global money scheme could be put into practice , and changes will not occur overnight .
How was it that a few oligarchs could bleed Russia of billions of dollars through state-give aways of assets under privatization schemes encouraged by the IMF , but there was not enough money to pay miserly pensions to the aged ?
Likewise , micro-credit schemes throughout the developing world have provided finance for the poor to expand their economic enterprise , with repayment rates that are truly impressive .
As individual savings accounts figure increasingly in social protection systems , governments need to provide adequate economic security for those who can not benefit from such social protection schemes .
For example , micro-credit has empowered millions of women , while important lessons have been learned from such schemes ' design and implementation .
In order to compete with China 's export-boosting public-private schemes , other Asian countries are now pursuing similar policies .
It is -LRB- now -RRB- no secret that they have operated so far as large sophisticated compensation schemes , masking probabilities of low-risk , high-impact `` Black Swan '' events and benefiting from the free backstop of implicit public guarantees .
A well-functioning market would produce outcomes that favor banks with the right exposures , the right compensation schemes , the right risk-sharing , and therefore the right corporate governance .
Politically , that debate focuses on the costs of bailouts and on tax schemes designed to `` get our money back . ''
For example , traditional businesses , from fabric wholesaling to banking and salt mining , evolved elaborate profit-sharing schemes among owners , partners , and employees as their business expanded over time or into chain outlets across the country .
Attention will inevitably be focused on the US to provide more material and technical support to the security forces ; drips of funding for Central America under the term of the Mérida Initiative agreed with Mexico are welcome , but likely to be insufficient in the grand scheme of things .
The US also lost interest in the scheme as the dollar strengthened .
What are the chances of adopting a scheme of this kind today ?
But the changed international climate , and the possibility of a bout of severe dollar weakness , could convince the US to go along with a conversion scheme that would alleviate excessive pressure on the dollar .
While there are currently other priorities , it would be useful for the IMF to study anew an SDR substitution account and similar schemes .
This scheme had some success in portraying homegrown jihadis as members of external , rootless , trans-national groups .
Implementation of such a scheme is unlikely , however .
Second , such a scheme would impose large costs on only a few companies in a few countries .
Under such a scheme , the Soviet Union in 1986 , for example , would have been required to pay for the costs that the Chernobyl accident imposed on European farmers and health-care systems .
Much research has tried to establish a connection between bankers ' compensation schemes and risk-taking , but has failed to find one .
