In this context , the army , seeking to avoid sole responsibility for reverses , wants a popular government to take charge of policy . No such government can emerge if the elected parties are unseated .
Hamas knows this , and thus is focusing its attention on the Gaza disengagement , seeking to exploit this victory by demanding a share in the post-disengagement order .
In short , regulation tends to distort incentives , stimulating what economists call rent-seeking behavior : the taxi driver and the license official collect unearned premiums -LRB- rents -RRB- solely because they can exploit their position as insiders , not because they are more productive .
So , after all the celebrations of European enlargement , we are left with a predictable set of problems : a `` union '' of countries with very different views on everything -LRB- from foreign policy to labor market policies -RRB- and different economic interests ; widespread disillusionment among voters in the new member states ; a constitutional process whose future is uncertain ; and all the usual political wrangling in Brussels between countries seeking to get as much power as possible .
These realities prevent people who believe they are infected with TB from seeking treatment .
In early August , a journalist called the office of Moscow 's mayor , seeking comments on the situation . `` The office is closed , '' a woman at the press office answered , adding that smog had gotten inside the mayoral building , which is located less than two miles from the Kremlin , so everyone was ordered to go home .
Sadly , the financial revolution has been mostly rent-seeking rather than welfare-enhancing in character .
As costs surge , Chinese producers are seeking higher value , new niches , and more influence over policymaking .
Genuine partnership is difficult to achieve when resource-rich countries view foreign mining and drilling companies only as adversaries , seeking unfair and inequitable contracting agreements .
Of prime importance is the fact that Turkey is emerging as a role model for those across the Middle East who are seeking reform and modernization .
But the lessons of Iraq 's bloody post-Saddam civil war were learned across the Arab world , and the dedication and maturity of Tunisian and Egyptian youth has become a model for other Arabs seeking freedom and dignity .
Such a powerful apparatus can not retire to a quiet life in a dacha as Yeltsin did -- it would have to privatize everything first -- which implies that Putin has no choice but to remain in office , regardless of what he says about not seeking a third presidential term .
He will scandalize the summit by seeking to intimidate the former Soviet clients in the room .
Many are seeking to shield themselves from Russia 's capricious embargos -- for example , by seeking alternative energy supplies .
Afghans themselves are overwhelmingly supportive of seeking a political settlement to end the conflict , as a recent Asia Foundation survey of national attitudes confirmed .
The international community still has an opportunity to leave behind a better Afghanistan than the NATO countries are seeking to `` transition '' out of today .
Consider a Japanese firm seeking to make the highest yen profits on goods sold in Switzerland .
At the outset , it must be stressed that , in seeking earlier entry into the EMU a country assumes a more ambitious fiscal and structural program than would be needed if EMU membership is delayed .
It has set itself ambitious targets for the future and is taking the lead in seeking a comprehensive global agreement , including a very significant effort on funding .
It has set itself ambitious targets for the future and is taking the lead in seeking an international comprehensive global agreement , including a very significant effort on funding .
The challenge , then , for all economies seeking to maximize their growth potential is to find the right mix of managerial and entrepreneurial capitalism .
Under one possible arrangement , executives seeking to cash out shares would sell them to the company in return for a price based on the average stock price during , say , the subsequent six months .
The Turkey of Erdogan 's dominant Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- appears to be seeking a new mission civilisatrice , with the Middle East and the former Soviet republics as its alternative horizons .
Keeping alive the international community 's commitment -- that is , seeking an international solution to Haiti 's tragedy -- is a vital necessity for the Dominicans .
Over the last year and a half , they withstood these pressures remarkably well ; but , as the global crisis hits them with full force , they are now seeking help from the International Monetary Fund .
A protocol seeking to supervise the prohibition of biological weapons production has been rejected .
Aging countries seeking to recover the ground lost in the current recession quickly can not afford to lose entire generations .
It is a painful procedure carried out in unsafe ways by old women who are seeking to initiate girls into womanhood , and , more concretely , into a life that will be an unending chain of physical pain and social marginalization .
There is an important lesson in this for the EU at a time when it is seeking to become a global actor : we must reach an internal consensus while always bearing in mind what the external ramifications of our decision might be .
At times of serious economic distress , policymakers thrash about seeking solutions , and some people lose confidence in the economic system itself .
Whatever the dubious temporary merits of reviving industrial policy in a deep recession , governments need an exit strategy before the programs become permanently entrenched and develop powerful rent-seeking constituencies .
People and jobs are seeking better opportunities elsewhere .
New social movements , seeking to de-mythologize history , rejecting platitudes justifying the policies of elite interests , and demanding greater institutional accountability , seemingly threatened the entire `` establishment . ''
On one hand , Pakistan is seeking large investments from China to improve its physical infrastructure and exploit its considerable mineral wealth .
Muslim women in strict authoritarian societies do not usually have the option of seeking the law 's protection .
It is hard to imagine many countries where a young African woman could become a famous member of parliament only ten years after seeking asylum .
Laws criminalizing the transmission of HIV undermine public health because they deter people who are HIV-positive and those at risk of acquiring the virus from seeking testing , counseling , and treatment .
As long as appropriate governance and revenue-administration mechanisms are put in place -- particularly to avoid rent-seeking behavior -- natural-resource availability may turn out to be a blessing rather than a curse for these countries .
In other parts of the world , the emergence of respect for a patient 's right to refuse vaccines creates a difficult challenge for those seeking to eradicate diseases such as polio .
The survivors of Srebrenica , for whom Bosnia was seeking damage awards , will receive nothing from Serbia .
On July 14 , the ICC prosecutor , Argentine lawyer Luis Moreno Ocampo , announced that he was seeking an arrest warrant for Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for orchestrating the atrocities in Darfur .
President Daniel Ortega is seeking to remain in office more or less perpetually , and seems ready to perpetrate every type of stratagem , from electoral fraud to dissolving Congress and the judiciary , in order to achieve his aims .
In the coming weeks , most Latin American countries will vote in favor of some form of UN membership or recognition of statehood that the Palestinian Authority is seeking . But some will not .
Given their growing role in the global economy , it is understandable that larger Latin American countries , along with the other BRICS , are seeking a more influential world role .
Now , with his China strategy falling apart , Obama is seeking to do exactly what his predecessor attempted -- to line up partners as an insurance policy in case China 's rising power slides into arrogance .
Other players on the grand chessboard of Asian geopolitics also are seeking to formulate new equations , as they concurrently pursue strategies of hedging , balancing , and bandwagoning .
And China , seeking to tighten its grip on Tibet , has worked to control the traditional process of finding the reincarnation of any senior lama that passes away .
Rather than seeking to defeat the Taliban , the US has encouraged the Pakistani , Afghan , and Saudi intelligence services to hold proxy negotiations with the Taliban 's top leadership , holed up in the Pakistani city of Quetta .
Instead of remaining bogged down in Afghanistan and seeking to cajole and bribe the Pakistani military into ending their support for Islamic militants , the US would become free to pursue a broader , more balanced counterterrorism strategy .
As with its territorial and maritime disputes with India , Vietnam , Japan , and others , China is seeking to disrupt the status quo on international-river flows .
But , just when America 's Sino-centric Asia policy became noticeable , Japan put the US on notice that it can not indefinitely remain a faithful servant of American policies . Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama 's government is seeking to realign foreign policy and rework a 2006 deal for the basing of US military personnel on Okinawa .
With economic growth slowing to a record 50-year low during his tenure , Chen Shui-bian is seeking ways to divert public attention by assuming the role of a daring leader ready to defend Taiwan 's sovereignty .
Thanks to `` reinforced cooperation , '' recalcitrant states will no longer hinder those seeking to make progress , and could even resort to an `` opt-out '' process and `` liberate '' themselves from the EU , perhaps by means of a referendum .
In this climate , Dutch Prime Minister Peter Balkenende , still bogged down in his country 's `` no '' vote on the EU 's draft constitutional treaty in 2005 , has been seeking to win British , Czech , and Polish support for measures to make it possible to diminish the EU 's areas of responsibility .
As a result , restructuring has been time consuming , costly , and characterized by intense lobbying , rent-seeking , stop-and-go policy making , and the continued failure of credit markets to function efficiently .
Suicide bombers and death squads are not seeking shorter working hours , higher salaries , or better pension plans .
At the same time , China remains a vast developing country , ardently seeking more rapid economic growth to lift hundreds of millions out of poverty and to provide better living standards for hundreds of millions more .
The opposition CDU leader , Angela Merkel , has linked its program to the ambitious ideas of an outsider , former Constitutional Court judge Paul Kirchhof , seeking a dramatic simplification of the tax system .
They may deter some of those who are qualified from seeking higher education .
The most plausible institutional mechanism for this alternative way forward will be the existing grouping of those member states that have wanted to belong to a more united Europe by joining , or seeking to join , the euro zone .
It would underscore the depth of the chasm between leaders who are seeking to advance the cause of European political integration but are out of touch with their electorates , and the British , who do not like European political integration at all .
One source is central banks seeking to keep the value of their home currencies down so that their workers can gain valuable experience from exporting to the rich world .
· First , short-term speculators seeking higher returns , or investors overanxious for safety , drive a currency 's value to unsustainable levels .
This deficit is entirely of Bush 's own creation , having enacted -- and now seeking to extend -- tax cuts that are not cuts at all , because they merely shift the burden of fiscal consolidation onto future generations .
At best , they are seeking ways to keep health-care spending from rising , as though the genie of medical progress can be forced back into the bottle .
That 's why the world took the neo-liberal bet in the 1990 's : international capital mobility would come to the rescue by relaxing capital constraints where they were binding , and by reducing the scope for corruption and rent-seeking , which was often a more significant binding growth constraint .
Educating Americans about Muslim Voices NEW YORK -- President Barack Obama has extended an open hand of friendship in his landmark Cairo speech to the Muslim world -- seeking to engage Muslims with a commitment of mutual respect .
So , while most accounts say that Bohr won the debate , my view is that Einstein , as usual , was seeking an explanation of reality , while his rivals were advocating nonsense .
But fighting the Tigers and seeking a peace deal have never been alternatives .
Finally , developing-country governments are beginning to prioritize health care and are seeking cost-efficient outcomes , as well as the means to effectively manage disease burdens .
There are clear parallels between that situation and the way in which the common law has offered little redress to patients who have tried to claim property rights in tissue taken from them , or to activists seeking to limit the powers of Big Biotech over human genetic patents .
Nowadays , another major controversy has erupted in several Indian states , owing to a research project to vaccinate girls against cervical cancer -- an issue that has now entered the US presidential campaign , because Texas 's governor , Rick Perry , now seeking the Republican presidential nomination , backed a similar mandatory program .
The witch-hunt underway - with politicians , regulators , and even the White House seeking to save their political skins - is , indeed , essential .
With the US seeking to line up nine votes in the security council in favor of declaring Iraq in `` material breach '' of Security Council resolution 1441 , Mexico 's stance toward the US will become vital in the coming days and weeks .
Without these five components , any immigration proposal will not cut back on the number of deaths among those seeking to cross the border , or the existence of an abused underclass , or the persistence of temporary and legal employment that becomes permanent and illegal employment .
The results have become increasingly obvious and painful : an economy that has suffered more severely in the global crisis than its neighbors to the south ; a rent-seeking business elite that is unaccustomed to competition ; public and private monopolies that no one seems to have the political will to dismantle ; and corporatist pacts that siphon off public resources to unproductive unions , thwarting productivity and growth .
Moreover , there is merit in seeking additional treaties to outlaw weapons in space , establish agreed norms for missile defense , and make certain that nuclear materials and technologies are kept safe and secure .
In the United States , the Federal Trade Commission has announced plans to require bloggers and celebrity endorsers to disclose gifts or payments from vendors and others seeking the bloggers ' positive comments online .
It does n't matter that people seeking information are free to bypass Google and use other tools ; they do n't .
Countries seeking additional reserves will not be forced to accumulate only -- or even mainly -- dollars .
Will those responsible for managing central-bank reserves , seeking to maximize returns , shift erratically between those currencies ?
The idea was that by issuing SDRs , the IMF would provide catch-up economies seeking to accumulate reserves with an alternative to piling up dollars .
After all , central banks seeking to accumulate foreign-currency reserves will have alternatives to acquiring dollars , so foreigners wo n't give America so much rope with which to hang itself .
One might think that the SDR , as a basket of four currencies , might be attractive to central banks and governments seeking to hedge their bets .
With central banks seeking an alternative to dollars and euros , is n't now a perfect time to expand the role of SDRs ?
But , by using its energy resources and recovered confidence to fuel instability and discord , it is seeking to expand its sphere of interest -- an outcome that can be averted only by a unanimous and determined EU response .
An immediate need is to counter the perception that any condemnatory response to an unfolding RtoP situation means stepping onto a slippery slope to military confrontation -- a perception that Russia and China heavily milked in seeking to justify their vote against an early-stage Security Council resolution on Syria .
One result of this is that China and India are seeking to make a bigger impact on global economic policy .
If the US is not careful , our own new nuclear posture could provoke the very nuclear-proliferation activities we are seeking to prevent .
But when you look at the big picture , it becomes apparent that US foreign policy is seeking to isolate Iran internationally by means of diplomacy .
Why , then , do the most advanced countries , in particular , take on the risk of a mega-catastrophe by seeking to create energy from radioactive fission ?
Bush accuses Syria and Iran of interfering in Iraq , threatening its territorial integrity and endangering American troops , and , more generally , of seeking to undermine America 's allies in the region .
True , some made an ideological choice to colonize `` Judea and Samaria , '' as they call it , but others are ordinary people seeking better housing and a better life for their families .
Tomorrow is always treated as more important than next week , and next week prevails over next year , with no one seeking to secure the long-term future .
About three years ago at Brigham and Women 's Hospital , when we were seeking a potential tool for high-resolution diagnostics , array-CGH offered the hope of providing a reliable and efficient genome-wide test that could detect gains or losses in an unbiased and non-subjective fashion .
In 1992 , the State Council , seeking to stop mass privatization , ruled that two-thirds of the equity capital of restructured state-owned enterprises -LRB- SOEs -RRB- had to be issued to state organs and could not be traded .
Instead , photographers stake out his hospital room , seeking to show us our hero in his struggle with death .
The ritual tells us that we are desperately zealous people , seeking mirrors that show our heroes as beautiful , youthful , and exceptional ; that we are fascinated with a form of death that freezes our illusions into permanent images , like Evita 's embalmed corpse .
The US and Iran could go to war not over nuclear issues but because of reckless behavior by the Revolutionary Guards -LRB- as occurred recently in the Strait of Hormuz -RRB- , with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmedinejad possibly seeking to provoke a crisis in order to distract domestic attention from his economic failures .
And it is difficult to be optimistic about Afghanistan , given the Taliban 's resilience , the weakness and corruption that plague the government , and the reality that Pakistan will continue to be a sanctuary for the Taliban and other armed groups seeking to gain a foothold -LRB- or more -RRB- in Afghanistan .
Unlike the American President , who may seek votes to support his policies even from the opposing party in Congress , a German Chancellor promises not to govern by seeking the votes of opposition party members .
In short , the parliamentary barons of the governing party buttressed by the ban on seeking opposition support can sabotage legislative projects they dont like .
This fact has long been ignored by firms seeking trade defense .
Since it is an economic crisis , most people seeking its intellectual roots are tempted to begin with economists , who , with a few exceptions , look particularly discredited .
The managers of these new safe-haven currencies are now desperately seeking at least a temporary peg or some system of bands relative to the exchange rates of their big neighbors .
China 's government has used the war on terror to crack down on those seeking greater autonomy , including those who do so by peaceful means . This includes people like Rebiya Kadeer , a businesswoman imprisoned for sending newspaper articles to her husband in the US , Tohti Tunyaz , a Ph.D. student in Japan accused of publishing `` sensitive documents , '' and Tursunjan Amat , a poet who recited a pro-independence poem at a public gathering in Urumqi .
Various approaches may be available for building a coalition of such powers , including the use of the UN and seeking to influence US foreign policy .
Indonesia is seeking to form an air-defense squadron of 12 jets , with eight Russian fighters to complement the two Russian Su-27SK 's and Su-30MKM 's that it has already bought .
Yet Indonesia is also trying to align itself with Asia 's rising power , China , by seeking greater defense and security cooperation .
Both India and China are each seeking greater influence over the strategically important country of Myanmar .
Since becoming Supreme Leader 22 years ago , Khamenei has been relatively weak , but has adapted by seeking to encourage weakness in the Islamic Republic 's other high offices .
As a result , Ahmadinejad , in a further ironic twist , is seeking to glorify Iran 's pre-Islamic history in order to stir nationalist sentiment in his favor and accomplish what he is sure that Khamenei does not want : greater openness to the West , particularly to the US .
Subsequently , they raised equity capital from investors seeking to make a social impact -- Compartamos from Accion and the IFC , and SKS from Unitus , Silicon Valley venture capitalist Vinod Khosla , and an Indian government development agency .
At times , Putin truly sees himself as a `` modernizer '' seeking to root Russia in the West .
By June 1991 , after quashing a series of challenges to his leadership , he became the first elected president of Russia ; two months later , real power fell into his hands , after the failed putsch against Gorbachev of August 1991 by conservatives seeking to prevent the Soviet Union 's disintegration .
Medvedev is currently seeking to perform this role .
It should be no wonder that Turkey is also seeking to engage both ends of its territories and feels that its security is best consolidated by minimizing risks together with its neighbors .
Contrary to recent charges , Turkey 's foreign policymakers are not seeking to revive the Ottoman Empire .
Back then , that debacle seemed to presage a broader US withdrawal from Asia , with a war-weary American public seeking the supposed comforts of isolationism .
The regime in Pyongyang is seeking to ensure that power passes to a third generation of Kims , represented by the pudgy and well-fed `` Dear Young General , '' Kim Jong-un , and appears to believe that provocations such as its bombardment of a South Korean island earlier this year are the way to secure the succession .
Two main issues must be managed -- one philosophical , the other structural -- in seeking to ameliorate the problems caused by China 's unconstrained rise .
Japan should be seeking to make a difference in securing stability in Asia , not playing sterile political games .
A general fear has arisen in Asia that China is seeking to use its growing maritime might to dominate not only development of the hydrocarbon-rich waters of the South China Sea , but also its shipping lanes , which are some of the world 's most heavily trafficked .
In 2005 , China 's leaders announced a policy of seeking a `` harmonious world , '' and set as their goal friendly relations with other countries , particularly its near neighbors .
Previously , there were two models for small economies seeking to incorporate themselves within the EU : the Irish model of radical market reforms , and the Greek model of creative bookkeeping and absorption of European funds .
Of course , Poland 's politicians developed a nicer phrase for such self-seeking . They called it `` using power for their own ends . ''
He must tread between the shrapnel shards of constant Israeli military actions against the Palestinians , the ambivalence of the US about the road map , and a plethora of militant Palestinian groups seeking revenge for every one of their assassinated leaders .
Israel , which withdrew unilaterally to the periphery of Gaza in September 2005 , has been seeking to prevent Palestinian resistance fighters from lobbing rockets into its territory .
But instead of bashing or seeking to undermine Al Jazeera , politicians should encourage this bastion of free expression , recognizing that Arabs will need to endure a messy process on the way to democracy .
Recreating a state-led economy based on natural gas will promote rent-seeking and a lethargic form of corporatism .
Immigrants are not an invading army ; they are mostly people seeking a better life who are drawn to Europe by the huge demand for workers to fill the low-end jobs that our aging and increasingly wealthy societies rely on , but which our increasingly well-educated and comfortable citizens are unwilling to take .
They also participate successfully in a market economy while seeking to preserve an egalitarian social model .
Wen , who had been bogged down by the bureaucracy , had been seeking to counter it by expanding the media 's openness and transparency .
The EU could work towards a common arms-export policy by seeking a shared understanding of the predictability and stability of third-party countries .
President Yoweri Museveni , who is widely credited for integrating Uganda into world markets , has said that globalization is `` the same old order with new means of control , new means of oppression , new means of marginalization '' by rich countries seeking to secure access to developing country markets .
For the last couple of years , the FARC , many of whose leaders believe that they `` win '' simply by prolonging the conflict , has been seeking ways -- for example , a humanitarian exchange and political recognition -- to ease the military pressure that it has faced since Uribe came to power .
Russia is by no means seeking to isolate itself .
But such disputes never spill over into the broad public sphere ; members of the elite are primarily concerned about social and political stability and would not stir the public by seeking support for an alternative policy course .
The same can be said of Uruguay 's interest in a Free Trade Treaty with the US , as it is seeking alternatives outside of the region 's Mercosur group , and Bush remains keen on bilateral trade deals .
The economy 's most dynamic industries -- namely , mining and tourism -- are reserved for the military , which manages them in a business-like , profit-seeking way .
Indeed , were it not for the 400 fathers who petitioned for the rescue of their kidnapped children who had been sold into slavery , Hongdong County would still remain a tourism hot spot for Chinese people seeking their roots .
As for me , I realize that in seeking Lebanon 's presidency , we must look to the future .
What many are seeking is some form of special status within Thailand , enabling them to pursue their own cultural and religious traditions without interference from Bangkok .
Lithium , a mood stabilizer and neuroprotective agent , has the properties we are seeking , although its toxicity makes it less than ideal .
The government is now seeking to decontrol domestic interest rates , create a more robust domestic bond market , and finally remove capital controls .
I recognize that our Soviet `` heritage '' accounts for much of the hardship Ukraine faced in seeking its European vocation .
A second component consists of former Ba'athist officials seeking a return to power .
At the same time , the $ 2 billion oil pipeline that China is seeking to build from Burma 's southern coast to China 's Yunnan province will allow China to get Middle East oil to its southern provinces more easily and securely .
This means that the country seeking information must produce a substantiated request , naming the taxable person and the specific bank in question or describing them in sufficient detail .
But instead of seeking to encourage these civic -LRB- and economic -RRB- virtues , the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party -LRB- BJP -RRB- use threats of communal violence to boost its electoral ends .
Of course , the BJP is not alone in seeking to exploit India 's religious and caste divisions .
She is seeking to become the first woman President of the French Republic .
The Eternal Wall PARIS -- Walls designed to keep people in or out -- whether they are in Berlin , Nicosia , Israel , or Korea -- are always the product of fear : East German leaders ' fear of a mass exodus by their citizens seeking freedom and dignity ; Greek and Turkish Cypriot leaders ' fear of continued war ; Israelis ' fear of terrorism ; or the North Korean leadership 's fear of `` abandonment '' by their martyred people .
According to one of the firms , `` investment conditions are unclear in Iran , '' and it left without even seeking compensation for its 60 % share in a company it had created .
Few Party officials really wanted to be troubled by the complexities of such calculations anyway , but either abided by them or paid them lip service , for the sake of maintaining patronage and seeking promotion .
Islamist candidates were in an awkward position , seeking support from women voters , whose participation they opposed .
The UN has been useful as a forum for adopting standards , but its machinery for seeking compliance with those standards is weak and has been badly compromised over the years by its failure to address grotesque abuses .
Europe is seeking to diversify supply , and Russia its demand -- though neither is doing so very successfully .
The West ca n't change Russia 's behavior with persuasion , so it must try to use its leverage : make the Nabucco pipeline bypassing Russia a reality , build LNG terminals , include energy in Europe 's Common Foreign and Security Policy , diversify supply , and screen companies seeking capital in London 's stock exchange more carefully .
There are strong indications that even this group is seeking compromise .
Seen from Washington , Europe 's attention-seeking and responsibility-shirking behavior appears infantile .
In Liberia , Bush called for Taylor 's resignation as a precondition for constructive dialogue and a more active involvement by the US in seeking a peaceful solution to the 15 years of internecine war that ruined the country 's economy and infrastructure , as well inciting wars in most of its neighbors .
Fortunately , there are signs that both China and Japan are seeking to back away from the impasse of recent years .
Already , some Chinese suspect the US of seeking an independent Taiwan as an `` unsinkable aircraft carrier '' for use against a future Chinese enemy .
Roosevelt never thought that staffs had a monopoly on judgment or information , and has been described as seeking advice from anybody he could : cabinet members , congressmen , newspaper columnists , interest groups , citizens , and friends .
As the writer Robert Kagan concluded in the revision of his book in which he declared Europeans to be from Venus and Americans from Mars , it turns out that Americans seeking democratic legitimization of their policies and self-images can not escape Europe .
Unless China develops its `` soft power , '' the rise in its military and economic power is likely to frighten its neighbors into seeking coalitions to balance its rise . It is as if Mexico and Canada sought an alliance with China to balance US power in North America .
Industrialized economies are seeking to recover from the crisis , and want credit and capital to stay home to boost growth , while developing countries have little interest in gaining short-term capital inflows .
Estimates by the International Monetary Fund and the United Nations indicate that the volume of international trade in 2010 will still be 7 % to 8 % below its 2008 peak , while many or most countries , including industrial nations , are seeking to boost their current accounts .
But she has a point , too : Kadima won more seats than Likud , disproved prophecies of doom , and emerged as the only major party with an optimistic and peace-seeking message .
They believe that government intervention tends to generate its own costly failures because of bureaucratic incompetence and rent-seeking , whereby private interests try to steer policy to their own advantage .
Not surprisingly , my party is now seeking to return to power in the next election .
Polls show Musharraf 's support has fallen to a third of the population , and that two-thirds oppose his seeking another presidential term .
So it is little wonder that the Saudis , Jordanians , Egyptians , and the Gulf states are seeking to resist Iran 's hegemonic ambitions in the region .
Within the framework of this project , we are seeking to halt the dehydration of the Dead Sea , build a joint airport and a joint water network with Jordan , and develop tourism infrastructure , at a cost of up to $ 5 billion .
But it can not have it both ways , seeking guarantees against regime change at home , and promoting it in its neighborhood .
COPENHAGEN -- As the world continues to debate the impact of climate-change while seeking a new global treaty to prevent it , Kenya has endured a prolonged drought followed by heavy flooding .
The Kremlin appears to be seeking systematically to obstruct the US , even when obstruction does not seem to be in Russia 's national interest .
Poverty will lead to more migrants seeking to move , whether legally or not , to rich nations .
Hasnain , who is currently conducting a study of the accumulation of black carbon on snow at high altitudes in the Himalayas , is not some egotistical scientist seeking the limelight .
Beyond truth seeking , the IAEA has taken a leadership role in promoting new initiatives to reduce weapons proliferation .
Young people seeking their first jobs and experienced workers who lose jobs in a weak job market suffer economic losses that will last their entire lives .
Together , the conventions and protocols form what is misleadingly called international humanitarian law -LRB- IHL -RRB- , but which in fact regulate war -- seeking to limit its effects , regardless of the rights and wrongs involved , and to restrict its methods , even in battles undertaken in a just cause .
Whether he is seeking to reform France 's judicial system , redrawing its administrative map , proposing a new alliance of Mediterranean countries , or seeming to end France 's ambiguous foreign policy of being both aligned and not aligned with the United States , Sarkozy is nothing if not ambitious .
Foreign direct investment . Modern China has long been a magnet for global multinational corporations seeking both efficiency and a toehold in the world 's most populous market .
I have no doubt that those involved were seeking a way forward that would allow for a full investigation and help overcome the political divisiveness currently undermining the Human Rights Council within the UN system .
Moreover , Sarkozy is seeking to intensify cooperation for development in the whole Mediterranean area . He began with a presidential trip to Algiers , then to Tripoli , followed by ministerial trips to Beirut .
The best-designed policies are always contingent on local conditions , making use of pre-existing advantages and seeking to overcome domestic constraints .
As international bureaucracies with a penchant for `` best practices '' and common standards , these institutions are woefully unsuited to the task of seeking innovative , unique pathways suited to each country 's particular circumstances .
Governments can too easily end up in the pockets of business , resulting in cronyism and rent-seeking instead of economic growth .
CAMBRIDGE -- To reduce the chance that a financial meltdown like that of 2007-2008 will recur , regulators are now seeking to buttress institutions for the longer-run -- at least when they can turn their attention from immediate crises like those of Greece 's debt , America 's ceiling on governmental borrowing , and the potential eurozone contagion from sovereign debt to bank debt .
European banks remain balkanized , with a patchwork of national regulators seeking to promote their own champions .
Of course , I may be far too optimistic in thinking that the tragedy in the Gulf will spur a more sensible energy policy that attempts to moderate consumption rather than constantly seeking new ways to fuel it .
The IMF needs to bring much more of this brand of skepticism to its assessment of eurozone debt dynamics , instead of constantly seeking strained assumptions that would make the debt appear sustainable .
So , rather than finance the European Union 's institutions through greater contributions from existing tax bases , they are seeking a consensus for new revenue sources .
Meanwhile , all over Guatemala , thousands of communities are seeking to exhume the graves of the massacred .
The report recommended that NATO open its door to new members while seeking a more constructive relationship with Russia .
The IMF has , however , become far more neutral than it is given credit for -- though it could take more steps to distance itself from its past . These include abolishing any region or country 's right to appoint IMF management ; allowing the Fund to borrow from markets , so that it does not have to keep seeking key countries ' permission to expand ; eliminating any country 's official veto power over major decisions ; and having its agenda set by the IMFC rather than outside bodies .
Brazil 's own High Court , for example , had recently sustained the constitutionality of the amnesty law , which was supported by successive Brazilian governments , all of which -- including Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva 's center-left administration -- evaded seeking accountability for the crimes committed by Brazil 's former military dictatorship .
Hamas 's takeover of Gaza is a victory for the bloc comprising Iran , Syria , and Hezbollah , as well as the separate branches of the Muslim Brotherhood -LRB- of which Hamas is one -RRB- seeking to capture power in their own countries .
With zero growth and 10 % unemployment , Western Europe 's `` Rhineland model '' is no longer what countries seeking to undertake root-and-branch social and economic reform want to emulate .
Many warmongers in Washington , including apparently some in the White House , are seeking to expand their endless military campaign to Iran and Syria .
Stability will come only when economic opportunities exist , when a bulging generation of young men can find jobs and support families , rather than seeking their fortune in violence .
Cooperation with the US will , by itself , increasingly become a disqualification for Iraqi political leaders seeking real support within their own communities .
With the Republican-controlled Congress seeking to make the tax cuts for the rich permanent , the world is beginning to realize that America 's budget deficits are now entrenched , with no end in sight .
Thus , even as the Bush administration and some scientific contrarians pretend that there is no problem , US corporate leaders are seeking practical solutions .
Rather , the main problem with oil booms is that they give rise to a series of pathologies -- rent seeking , patronage , corruption , plunder -- that corrode vital domestic public institutions and undermine governance .
With China seeking to secure exclusive access to energy resources in Africa and the Russian energy giant Gazprom seeking de facto control of Western companies by investing billions of euros in them , Europe can no longer afford to take a wait-and-see approach .
In short , the West needs to pre-empt a resumption of hostilities in Lebanon by seeking unconditional talks between Syria and Israel over the Golan Heights .
But in recognizing South Korea , China took greater care than , say , Russia , in seeking to ameliorate North Korea 's anxieties .
Well aware of the complexities and hazards -- and seeking to avoid alienating any of the parties -- China is willing to play the role of convener , but not adjudicator , of an American-North Korean dialogue .
This was another urgent trip by Ban to a war-torn capital , as part of his regular duties as the UN 's chief representative , seeking to uphold peace and restore global comity .
Two of the assailants are injured in the course of the fight and arrested after seeking medical assistance at a hospital .
The type of social unrest recently witnessed in Greece may spread , because the downturn is likely to take a disproportionate toll on Europe 's young people , who are seeking jobs at a time when hard-pressed European businesses will be able to offer them very few .
During the 1990 's , the US and Europe erred in treating Russia with benign neglect . It would be a mistake for Russia to respond in kind today by seeking to prolong the PCA negotiations in the hope that a possibly more amenable EU president may one day offer softer terms .
A huge number of elderly people would mean a lot of people wanting to live in certain locations , seeking certain kinds of living quarters , and consuming certain kinds of services .
They theorize that `` bull markets are characterized by ambiguity-seeking behavior and bear markets by ambiguity-avoiding behavior . ''
With the coming of globalization , seed companies were allowed to sell seeds for which the companies had certified their safety . In the case of genetically engineered seed , these companies are again seeking self-regulation for bio-safety .
The city is also seeking less energy-intensive designs for new buildings .
They invited charities to apply for grants of $ 25,000 in five broad humanitarian categories , with the application process demanding the kind of information that they had been seeking .
That is the opposite of the ethical attitude to animals that we should be seeking to impart to children .
Predictably , some accuse Google of seeking to impose its own values on a foreign culture .
Readers who go to On What Matters seeking an answer to the question posed by its title might be disappointed .
The central human character , Will Rodman -LRB- played by James Franco -RRB- , is a scientist seeking a cure for Alzheimer 's disease who experiments on apes .
Many films would have glorified a scientist seeking such a goal , and treated the use of animals for that purpose as obviously justified .
The result was the detention of most of the senior judiciary , as well as bar association presidents across the country and all leading lawyers and human rights activists seeking to defend judicial independence .
France , the United Kingdom , Germany , and Portugal , in collaboration with the United States , presented a draft resolution before the United Nations Security Council seeking to condemn repression in Syria and put an end to the use of force against civilians .
After all , they are ordinary , profit-seeking corporations , just like the IBM of Hitler 's era .
Marine Le Pen is seeking the same path to power traveled by Italy 's Northern League , the Flemish Interest Party , Liveable Netherlands , and the Danish People 's Party , all of which first became `` soft '' populist parties .
Real discussions about a new Secretary General are currently being conducted in secrecy among the permanent five , adding to the frustration of other UN members , including large powers that have been seeking without success to enlarge the Security Council .
But a major obstacle to this is the existence of local rent-seeking franchises and monopolies .
The argument that this would discourage the unemployed from seeking work has merit in normal times , but not now .
But nor is Kazakhstan seeking to do so .
And , with investors seeking higher returns , more QE -- especially by the US -- will drive `` hot money '' -LRB- short-term portfolio flows -RRB- into high-yield emerging-market economies , which could inflate dangerous asset bubbles in Asia , Latin America , and elsewhere .
Commitments to transparent privatization auctions and competitive bidding for procurement reduce the scope for rent-seeking behavior .
Ten years ago this month , Russia 's parliament , the Duma , was seeking to impeach then President Boris Yeltsin , initiating a time of stalemate and struggle that ended seven months later when Yeltsin ordered tanks to fire on the Duma 's headquarters .
At other times simple rent-seeking behavior by officials , aided and abetted by outsiders , is the outcome .
Now the Bush Administration is seeking to create a similar cartel in steel .
Changing the relationship between the Bank and the countries seeking its help was no less of an achievement .
Malaysia 's success thus should be studied both by those looking for economic prosperity and those seeking to understand how our world can live together , not just with toleration , but also with respect , sharing their common humanity and working together to achieve common goals .
Instead of seeking definitive global judgments about the risks of particular choices , it is wiser to consider the assumptions behind such advice -- since these are central in determining the conditions under which the advice is relevant .
Countries are especially seeking to strengthen their infrastructure exports through a combination of public - and private-sector activity .
Rent-seeking tends to lead to policy failure in the form of intense political competition aimed at gaining short-term access to revenues and benefits , as opposed to political competition over what policies might be in the long-term public interest .
Moreover , Kazakhstan , though a Muslim majority country , has established the type of secular , multi-ethnic , and multi religious polity that the West is seeking to encourage throughout the Muslim world .
Some in the Bush administration accept this argument , saying that they are happy to see Latin American democracies seeking influence where the United States can not . Latin America , it seems , is no longer held hostage by its demagogues and guerrillas .
They have been a persistent thorn in the side of successive British governments , but at long last Prime Minister David Cameron 's coalition government seems to be seeking to conclude this matter in a fair , humane , and just way .
But the run-up to the plebiscite has been fraught , with Sudan 's President Omar al-Bashir , who has been indicted by the International Criminal Court on charges of genocide in Darfur , seeking to delay , disrupt , and overshadow it .
But their success in applying technical standards to countries seeking EU membership earned them huge legitimacy .
But this is consistent with the Obama administration 's policy of seeking a dialogue even with those who are not America 's friends .
Could the regime be seeking ways out of its isolation in the run-up to the 2010 elections ?
Competition also puts an end to rent seeking and protection of traditional corporate advantages .
For one thing , there is n't another ocean on the planet that takes in Asia , Africa , and Oceania -LRB- and could embrace Europe , too , since the French department of Reunion , in the Indian Ocean , gives France observer status in IOR-ARC , and the French foreign ministry is considering seeking full membership -RRB- .
But that has little effect on those who are not interested in whether they are wrong and are already seeking to punish you .
Of course , the UN often falls short of its noble aspirations , since it reflects the realities of world politics , even while seeking to transcend them .
As a Buddhist , the Dalai Lama preaches non-attachment , self-realization , inner actualization , and non-violence ; as a Tibetan he is admired by a people fiercely attached to their homeland , with most seeking its independence from China and many determined to fight for it .
But it merely fuels rent-seeking -- the ability of particular groups in society to extract disproportionate rewards for their work .
But it will deprive them of the masses of sympathetic Muslims who view the fanatics as the only people seeking to defend `` Islamic '' values and oppressed Muslim peoples .
In addition , the US appears to be seeking to avoid open antagonism with Morales .
In 1919 , the first edition of Democratic Caesarism , by the Venezuelan historian and sociologist Laureano Vallenilla Lanz , was published and widely circulated across the continent . Vallenilla claimed to be seeking an effective -LRB- as opposed to the formal -RRB- constitutional system for his country .
But the belief system of regulators and policymakers in the most financially advanced centers tended to exclude the possibility that rational profit-seeking by professional market participants might generate rent-seeking behavior and financial instability rather than social benefit -- even though several economists had clearly shown why that could happen .
British politicians , meanwhile , are seeking to renew their navy 's aging fleet of Trident submarines -- at an estimated cost of £ 76 billion -LRB- $ 121 billion -RRB- .
We are not seeking ostentatious posts and cheap popularity . We do not desire artificial recognition or flattering awards .
It could serve as a powerful force for good in the region , if it stops seeking short term advantage and begins to act in its own long term interests , which will best be served by a prosperous , non-nuclear armed Iran , and a far more open Turkmenistan .
At this moment , the President 's men are seeking to strip me of my parliamentary immunity .
Its government is seeking a strong role in world affairs , and consequently its policies have not always aligned with those of a majority of NATO members .
Although Unasur aims to progress beyond free-trade agreements , this requires a more streamlined integration within the organization -- one that expands its current role as a forum for discussing problems and seeking solutions for Latin America as a whole .
Whereas advocates of abolishing nuclear weapons wanted his administration to employ a zero-based approach to nuclear planning , with the burden of proof on those seeking to retain nuclear weapons to fulfill essential military functions , the NPR presumes the continuation of current nuclear roles and missions unless convincing arguments exist to end them .
But the EU still must prove to the countries seeking to join it that the Union is a truly open , democratic society of the type they have struggled to make of themselves .
Ironically , it is Mexico 's hardline strategy against the drug cartels on its own territory which is making the situation worse ; gangs are seeking the relative sanctuary of Central America as a base for their operations .
This is also why the Republicans are seeking to capture the Tea Party movement 's energy for partisan purposes , overrunning it with well-paid operatives , particularly from former Representative Dick Armey 's fundraising and advocacy organization .
Moreover , Tea Party gatherings have increasingly become a platform for Republican candidates seeking the support of a highly mobilized electoral base .
In seeking answers , these citizens are reacting rationally to irrational realities .
Other G-7 leaders might profit by seeking to apply this lesson more broadly .
But some foreign manufacturers , seeking to cap rising labor costs , are shifting production from China to cheaper destinations such as Vietnam , where average monthly wages for factory workers is $ 50-60 -- half that of China .
The Commission , seeking to project itself as the protector of the Pact , sought to issue a warning . But that decision had to be taken by real-life politicians , the Council of Finance Ministers .
Britain , which will soon mark the anniversary of last year 's bombings in London , provides a test case for seeking answers to these questions .
Embittered , fanatical , vengeful : those who rebel against the status quo enter the wider world seeking retaliation , not just against the regimes that deformed them , but against the West , which propped up the region 's authoritarians in the interest of `` stability . ''
Iran not only threatens Israel -LRB- and the region -RRB- with its desire for a nuclear capability and its Shi'a proxy militants ; it is also seeking to usurp the traditional role of moderate Sunni Arab regimes as the Palestinians ' defenders .
Indeed , Israel now sees its security as relying not so much on a US guarantee , but on Egypt , Jordan , Saudi Arabia , and Turkey -LRB- which is seeking regional influence in fear of rejection by the European Union -RRB- restraining Iran and its paid proxies .
Moreover , Abdullah understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability-seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Today , US power in the Middle East is at its historical nadir , and Russia is seeking to fill the vacuum .
So what diplomatic or financial gain was Karzai seeking ?
The al-Saud will undoubtedly be ruthless in seeking out the individuals directly implicated in the terrorist bombings .
The state , which is seeking to rescue the domestic automobile industry , allocated to the firm more credits through state-owned banks .
Adherence to these principles ensures that private rent-seeking and appropriation of oil profits , a major dimension of the so-called resource curse , is avoided .
Indeed , given its lack of confidence in China 's readiness and willingness to keep the North in check , South Korea is now seeking even deeper defensive ties with the US , as well as enhancing its political and defense cooperation with Japan .
But , instead of seeking a new path , it re-traces its old steps .
To be sure , we have also seen patients seeking treatment for depression who really did have bipolar disorder .
Any study seeking to determine whether a psychiatric disorder is over-diagnosed will find that some patients with the condition do not have it upon re-interview .
It was only after Lehman Brothers collapsed that Paulson went to Congress seeking $ 700 billion to stabilize the financial system . Even that turned out to be insufficient .
