And to the north is Turkey , a pro-European , largely secular and democratic country that seeks to wield influence across the Arab world .
Turkey , he argued , is neither pro-Israeli nor pro-Syrian : it seeks an Israeli-Syrian accommodation in order to add another building block to regional stability .
Europeans are long-standing champions of the UN and international cooperation , and continually seeks to ensure that stability , freedom , democracy , and justice prevail as cornerstones of international relations .
Alternatively , an executive wishing to unload equity could be permitted to sell the shares in the market , but only gradually , according to a pre-specified , automatic plan that would be self-executing -LRB- say , one-sixth of the number of shares the executive seeks to sell on the first trading day of each of the subsequent six months -RRB- .
As China seeks to keep its economic engine running , dams and hyrdopower do represent a cleaner alternative to coal .
By contrast , the March 11 , 2004 , terrorist attack on Spain , which left 200 dead , triggered an `` anti-crusade '' that seeks to disarm extremism by building bridges of understanding and reconciliation with Islam .
Fayaadism , by contrast , seeks the `` Zionization '' of the Palestinian national movement .
The Lebanese front may ignite if Hezbollah seeks to avenge Mughniyah 's death , or simply as a result of a knee-jerk reaction to a provocation , as in 2006 .
In addition to harmonizing the flow of donations and an agreed-upon list of development projects , Dominican President Leonel Fernandez seeks to make clear that the task is a long-term enterprise : re-founding the failing Haitian state .
The message emanating now from the US is not one of non-interventionism , but a strategy of restraint that assumes that there are limits to American power and seeks to minimize the risk of entanglement in foreign conflicts .
Today , Putin seeks to regain the influence Russia lost in previous years .
Orwellian use of terms like `` fair trade '' masks the fact that this is nothing but an insidious form of protectionism that seeks to reduce import competition .
There are ongoing efforts in Africa and elsewhere to internationalize a campaign that seeks to bring to galvanize public awareness of the dark fact that , in many countries , women remain mere commodities at the disposal of tradition .
Both announcements also came a month ahead of an Italian referendum -- the largest popular consultation on the matter ever held anywhere -- that seeks to change a law adopted last year that prohibits both in vitro fertilization and stem cell research .
The Bank of England seeks similar powers .
That wariness is reinforced by a new political factor : a defense of Orthodoxy has become a pillar of the national idea on which Putin seeks to base the legitimacy of his regime .
The notion of `` sustainability '' comes from environmentalism , which seeks to protect the earth and its atmosphere in order to sustain indefinitely human life of a good quality .
Based on internal documents from the Mexican and US governments , countless interviews , and a survey of much of the existing literature on the subject , Ex-Mex seeks to fulfill three purposes .
With equal fervor , Iran 's president , Mahmoud Ahmedinejad , defends his country 's right to develop its nuclear capacity -LRB- though denying that his country seeks nuclear weapons -RRB- and challenges decades of Holocaust research .
China seeks a multipolar world but a unipolar Asia .
As China seeks to translate its economic clout into major geopolitical advantages in Asia , a country that once boasted of `` having friends everywhere '' finds that its growing power may be inspiring awe , but that its actions are spurring new concerns and fears .
But there can be no denying that these three leading Asian powers and the US have different playbooks : America wants a uni-polar world but a multi-polar Asia ; China seeks a multi-polar world but a uni-polar Asia ; and Japan and India desire a multi-polar Asia and a multi-polar world .
Thousands of Chinese convicts , for example , have been pressed into service on projects undertaken by state-run Chinese companies in Sri Lanka , a strategically important country for China as it seeks to enhance its regional position in the Indian Ocean .
Until the Chinese government 's treatment of its own citizens and those of other countries is guided by respect for basic human rights and the rule of law , China is unlikely to command the respect that it seeks on the world stage .
These populists promise solutions that dispense with the habits and norms of moderation , notably with centrist democratic policies and an internationalism that seeks to promote peace and prosperity .
Science from this perspective is about natural philosophy , an enterprise that seeks to acquire deep understanding of the world regardless of whether that knowledge can be put to use .
China , for example , seeks markets for its products and further energy resources , while Russia aims to use the SCO to promote its anti-Western agenda .
The reason , I think , that American presidents are so willing to reappoint Fed chairmen from the opposite party is closely linked to one of the two things that a president seeks : the confidence of financial markets that the Fed will pursue non-inflationary policies .
So , before the anti-terror campaign seeks other terrorist bases to destroy , it should eliminate terror in a place where the UN itself is ruling .
So , in no time , the dollar started wobbling and even -- momentarily -- went down That situation was repaired when President Bush , presumably encouraged by Federal Reserve Bank Chairman Alan Greenspan , reiterated personally that the US seeks a market-determined value for the dollar .
In particular , China 's G20 membership and its strong interest in securing greater access to developing markets confronts southern Africa 's association with the G90 coalition , which seeks to block progress in the WTO .
President Bush has pushed stopping the spread of nuclear weapons to the top of the international agenda . Ironic , then , that America 's nuclear weapons development program may promote the very proliferation it seeks to prevent , as US Senator Dianne Feinstein explains .
Today , under the terms of the ideas set out in that review , the US contemplates the first use of nuclear weapons , and seeks to integrate tactical battlefield nuclear weapons alongside conventional munitions .
It is precisely this ambition that sets Iran apart from North Korea : whereas North Korea seeks nuclear weapons capability in order to entrench its own isolation , Iran is aiming for regional dominance and more .
A regime in Tehran that must demonstrate external strength to survive its shattered legitimacy at home would therefore make the comprehensive , negotiated settlement that the West seeks much more difficult and risky , if not impossible , to achieve .
In fact , Turkey 's foreign policy , which seeks to resolve existing conflicts with and within neighboring states , and active Turkish involvement there , is anything but in conflict with Western interests .
Iran harbors hegemonic ambitions which it seeks to realize by means of its military potential , oil and gas reserves , its nuclear program , its influence over Shiites throughout the region , and its efforts to upset the status quo within the Arab Muslim world .
His agenda appears to aim at domestic liberalization -- moving beyond the 35-hour week , ending the special pension regimes accorded to particular professions , increasing incentives to work and gain wealth . But it also seeks protection from the dizzying effects of globalization , which probably will mean strong support for the EU 's Common Agricultural Policy , skepticism toward further trade liberalization and the will to improve European Union 's economic government .
The Israeli Foreign Ministry now seeks prosecution of Ahmedinejad for incitement to commit genocide -- a violation of international law .
Even though the label of treason is used , the offense now resembles the American concept of sedition and seeks to prevent a violent overthrow of the government .
Chávez seeks to buy regional influence , but mostly he props up ideological cronies like Bolivia 's Evo Morales and Nicaragua 's Daniel Ortega , and some as far afield as Zimbabwe 's Robert Mugabe and Belarus 's Aleksander Lukashenko .
Meanwhile , each government , with its own style and political discourse , seeks to associate the state with the benefits of a globalization that , for the past few years , has been showing its generosity .
The organization seeks to reinvent itself as a defender of the Iraqi people .
Already , French President Jacques Chirac has promised to veto any Security Council resolution on reconstruction that seeks to justify the war .
Chancellor Brown 's proposal , now before the IMF board , seeks to cut by half the number of people -- currently some 1.25 billion -- living on $ 1 a day , provide universal primary school education , and improve public health .
Nor will any posture succeed that seeks to put Russia forward as a geopolitical counterweight to the United States .
With preparations for the party 's November congress in full swing , a conflict that goes back to the party 's founding is reappearing . On one side is a social-democratic vision , which basically favors the market economy but seeks to alleviate its harsher effects ; on the other side stands a radical vision that extols a revolutionary `` break with capitalism . ''
America 's legal community , and some in the wider society , are beginning to awake to the complex issues confronting the US as it seeks to protect itself from outside attacks for the first time since 1812 .
Prince Muhammad has also established a rehabilitation program that seeks to de-program the jihadis from their radical beliefs through a course of study that teaches that Islam requires obedience to a Muslim ruler .
Rather than obsessing about elections , the US now seeks to build pragmatic alliances to buttress its economic needs .
In Albania , instead of developing and strengthening our infant democratic institutions , the OSCE , in its desire to see its policies implemented , often seeks to bypass or override them .
Turkey seeks to re-establish its Islamic identity and `` Ottoman '' influence over the Middle East , thereby flexing its diplomatic muscles for a European Union that has all but rejected Turkish membership .
China seeks not only to secure its energy supplies , but to achieve broader security goals .
Assuming that Ahmadinejad seeks re-election , this line-up lacks any candidate with clear appeal to the youth vote .
Now the leader of the world 's most powerful democracy seeks an autocrat 's freedom from restraint .
Buoyed by high oil prices , he now seeks to bestride the world as if the social calamities that bedevil Russia -- a collapsing population , a spiraling AIDS and tuberculosis crisis , corruption mushrooming to levels unimagined by Yeltsin -- do not matter .
But , in this case , when the son borrows essential elements of his father 's architectural principles and serves a regime that seeks to use the Games for some of the same reasons that animated Hitler , is he not willingly reflecting those sins ?
No company exemplifies this more than Gazprom , the state-run energy behemoth , which has gobbled up oil assets , media , banking interests , and farms within Russia , and seeks to do the same with downstream energy assets outside Russia , particularly in Europe .
Similarly , while the world today searches for ways to confront dependence on fossil fuels and seeks other , cleaner energy sources , Russia continues to live off its oil and gas , which only encourages it to delay the economic and political restructuring that it will need to succeed in the long term .
The problem is that , unlike the rail thin catwalk model who starves herself half to death to stay slim , the image of Russia that Putin seeks to project is completely imaginary .
Speaking at the United Nations plenary meeting this September , Kan said that his government seeks to achieve a `` society in which human suffering is reduced a minimum . '' National security is treated as a low-grade issue .
But China 's assertiveness has provided enormous incentives to embrace an Asian multilateral system backed by America , rather than accept the exclusionary system that China seeks to lead .
If China attempts to lower its money supply by raising interest rates , it will trigger a corresponding increase in demand for renminbi , as foreign capital seeks to take advantage of higher interest rates on Chinese assets .
He has made no efforts at economic reform during his term and now seeks to blame the ECB for Italy 's lame economic performance .
Today , this reserve army of peasants is creating the most serious political conflicts seen in Poland since communism 's fall as the country seeks membership in the European Union .
A deadly civil war would surely ensue if the Palestinian Authority seeks to crush Palestinian militants at a time of relentless Israeli attacks and no tangible progress in the peace talks .
In the Middle East , the US confronts Iran , which seeks to expand its power by any means it can , to oust neighboring countries ' governments in favor of ideologically sympathetic forces , and ultimately to evict America from the region .
Moreover , Pakistan 's fear of vilification and failure has given birth to an increasingly paranoid brand of Islam that seeks to impose stricter controls -- on education , women 's rights , dancing , beardlessness , and sex -- and close society to all forms of modernity .
It has become more rigorous in it s applications due to the influence of militant Islam , which seeks to use religious texts to legitimize escalating brutality , especially against women .
In trying to depict its current dealings with Africa as `` win-win '' cooperation , China deliberately seeks to portray Africa 's current relations with the West as exploitative .
The Party has moved far from its old Leninist ideals , as it seeks support nowadays through a witch 's brew of Russian nationalism , hyper-orthodox Christianity , and `` state Stalinism . ''
Indeed , as these initiatives suggest , rapprochement with Brazil and Mercosur appears to be Cuba 's best international alternative as Raúl Castro seeks to avoid falling into America 's economic orbit .
This is the central problem confronting the world as it seeks to forge a framework to combat climate change .
Draft legislation seeks to make criminal defamation a permanent fixture , and includes new provisions making it an offense to criticize a court ruling .
The demand for more democratic input , finally , also seeks to influence research priorities .
The only way to achieve the type of transformation in the Middle East that the Bush administration seeks is by working with others and avoiding the backlash that arises when America acts as a unilateral , imperial power .
That means that Condoleezza Rice 's chief task as Secretary of State will be to make American foreign policy more consultative in style as she seeks a political solution in Iraq and progress on Middle East peace .
China wants to preserve its access to Iranian oil , and Russia seeks to preserve a valuable commercial market .
It makes little sense to declare war on a tactic , and experience has proven that the terminology merely reinforces the narrative that bin Laden seeks to promote , which is why Britain now avoids the phrase .
Turkey 's secular , capitalistic , democratic order has become especially valuable to the Bush administration as it seeks to integrate the wider Middle East into the world system by liberalizing its economy and democratizing its polity .
Iran says that it seeks no more than its own ability to produce nuclear power .
With the gap between the world 's rich and poor increasing , the impoverished South seeks a home or a job in the developed North .
Finally , even after Bush -- who became so unpopular in Europe -LRB- not always fairly -RRB- -- the European Union will find it hard to become the partner in tackling global problems that America needs and seeks .
The sledgehammer of invasion could easily cause far more harm than the ills it seeks to stamp out .
Our proposal seeks to retain the Convention 's idea of limiting the number of portfolios in the Commission while giving all commissioners full voting rights .
Denmark seeks an ambitious result in the institutional negotiations .
Italy 's Fiat illustrates the problem : even a conservative government seeks to impede downsizing .
Turkey seeks to contribute to regional and global peace by facilitating democratic reforms domestically and implementing a principled foreign policy .
Assuming that terrorist attacks against Israel are going to continue under any circumstances , he seeks to improve the country 's strategic position to handle this war .
The party will be able to form a government by itself , but will lack the two-thirds majority needed to bring about some of the big changes that it seeks .
Is it a conservative party of good government that seeks equality for Islam in the public sphere , as its leaders usually suggest , or an Islamist wolf in moderate sheep 's clothing , as its enemies fear ?
The moderate strategy seeks an independent Palestine state as quickly as possible , on the assumption that once there is no more Israeli presence or violence , the Palestinians can concentrate on constructive pursuits , including resettling refugees and improving living standards .
Finally , there is the revolutionary Islamist vision espoused by Hamas , which seeks to continue fighting and using terrorism , regardless of how much time it takes and lives it costs , until it defeats both Israel and Palestinian secular nationalists .
It is often argued that Continental Europe 's social and economic model , which seeks to combine competitiveness with solidarity , is the glue that binds the European Union together , as well as distinguishing Europe from the American -LRB- or Anglo-Saxon -RRB- free-market model .
The billions of dollars that the US seeks should be directed towards true global emergencies , such as the fight against AIDS and hunger .
Indeed , any national leadership that anticipates the new research , development , manufacturing , and trade possibilities that will grow out of this new imperative may find itself positioned for exactly the kind of sustained economic growth that every country seeks .
That , in turn , requires a society and a leadership that seeks to be exemplary in all ways that make human beings more human , including respect for truthfulness , openness , tolerance , and people 's right to disagree with their government .
Skeptics doubt that foreign aid really helps . Millennium Promise seeks to respond to that skepticism one village at a time .
When a family seeks treatment that , in the professional judgment of the physicians , is not in the patient 's best interests , the answer should be : not far at all .
The Great Ape Project seeks to change the way we think about great apes , and ultimately , about animals in general .
The alternative regulatory approach , promoted by Nobel Laureate Paul Krugman and the chairman of Britain 's Financial Service Authority , Adair Turner , seeks to use regulation to limit risk-taking without changing the structure of the banking system .
His intention is quite clear : `` Man 's active nature , flagging , seeks too soon the level ; Unqualified repose he learns to crave , Whence , willingly , the comrade him I gave , Who works , excites , and must create , as Devil . ''
With China , like seeks to talk to like .
The actual alternative to capitalism that this far left seeks is anyone 's guess .
That is what Caspian Revenue Watch , which I also support , seeks to accomplish .
South Africa seeks a wider and more influential role reinforced by its obvious standing as a regional hegemon .
Put bluntly , large and profitable financial institutions will find a way to get the regulatory system they want -- one that is compatible with a highly profitable trading super-structure that goes beyond the requirements of hedging and seeks to maximize short-term gains .
This has been particularly true of the IMF as it seeks to serve its global membership , and it has triggered a critically important discussion of the Fund 's strategic direction .
The exceptional access policy , which seeks to both enhance the predictability of the Fund 's lending policy and to safeguard its financial position , is still waiting for its first real test .
Rather than carefully balancing the benefits of each government expenditure program with the costs of raising taxes to finance those benefits , the right seeks to use a sledgehammer -- not allowing the national debt to increase forces expenditures to be limited to taxes .
He seeks to advance Taiwan 's national interests without arousing the People 's Republic 's threat to use force . And he has sought to forge closer trade and transport links .
The uniquely dangerous combination of a nuclear Iran , which seeks to inspire the Shia in the Gulf states to rise up against their Sunni masters , coupled with Ahmedinejad 's millenarian mysticism , poses an existential threat to Israel , which Ahmadinejad has threatened to `` wipe off the map . ''
It seeks to be finely balanced , respecting the regime 's sovereignty while subtly pressing home the point in unison , as neighboring states .
While India seeks to downplay such reports , one incident that did make it into the Indian press occurred inside the `` Line of Actual Control '' -LRB- LAC -RRB- on the western sector of the border at Demchok , in India 's Ladakh district .
The true Hindu seeks no revenge upon history , for he understands that history is its own revenge .
· The partnership between the Brazilian Government , the World Wide Fund for Nature , the World Bank , and the international community has been the basis for the Amazon Region Protected Areas Program , which seeks to set aside 12 % of the Amazon for conservation .
We know , of course , the broad outline of their all-encompassing fundamentalism , and we have some vague ideas about Al Qaeda as a decentralized network of cells in many countries that seeks to acquire chemical , biological , and perhaps even nuclear weapons .
Rather than choosing between Brussels and Beijing , Moscow now seeks to turn Russia 's post-imperial neighborhood into a community .
But Viktor Yanukovich , the current Ukrainian president , denies the special suffering of the Ukrainian people -- a nod to Russia 's official historical narrative , which seeks to blur the particular evils of collectivization into a tragedy so vague that it has no clear perpetrators or victims .
In broad terms , Ukraine seeks security and stability , and it should be remembered that our record here is strong .
It is a deal that can only have been agreed to as the price of Russian support for Ukraine 's President Leonid Kuchma as he desperately seeks to extend his presidency beyond the two-term limit that he faces this year .
They therefore presume that , despite American professions to the contrary , the US seeks BMD capabilities that can negate Russia 's strategic deterrent under the guise of protecting America and its allies from Iran .
Towards a Green Nanotechnology The advent of nanotechnology , the branch of engineering that seeks to build objects molecule by molecule -- indeed , atom by atom -- has evoked futuristic images of self-replicating `` nanobots '' that perform surgery , or that convert the planet into a mass of `` gray goo '' as they consume everything in sight .
To avoid this fate , the EU 's commitment in Lebanon needs to be supplemented with a nuanced political strategy that seeks to avoid isolating Lebanon 's long suppressed Shia population .
The bigger threat today is actual combat , for , the day after North Korea 's nuclear test , South Korea announced its full participation in the US-led Proliferation Strategic Initiative , which seeks to intercept ships that may be involved in illegally transporting nuclear technology .
He also seeks Israel 's welfare and security , and says to us , `` Enough .
Economic nationalism that seeks gains from the disadvantage of others will trigger ever more dangers .
