In this context , the army , seeking to avoid sole responsibility for reverses , wants a popular government to take charge of policy . No such government can emerge if the elected parties are unseated .
The Sixth Fatah Congress , the first in sixteen years , will take place in August 2005 and will seek to reconcile the conflict between the Old and Young Guard .
Hamas knows this , and thus is focusing its attention on the Gaza disengagement , seeking to exploit this victory by demanding a share in the post-disengagement order .
Although Hamas has said that it would seek such a coalition , Fatah 's humiliating defeat has left it with little credibility as a governing partner .
But Iran has gone far beyond what is necessary for a purely civilian program . It has concealed several nuclear facilities from the International Atomic Energy Agency , played hide-and-seek with the international community , and rejected all offers of cooperation from the United States , the European Union , and others .
In short , regulation tends to distort incentives , stimulating what economists call rent-seeking behavior : the taxi driver and the license official collect unearned premiums -LRB- rents -RRB- solely because they can exploit their position as insiders , not because they are more productive .
So , after all the celebrations of European enlargement , we are left with a predictable set of problems : a `` union '' of countries with very different views on everything -LRB- from foreign policy to labor market policies -RRB- and different economic interests ; widespread disillusionment among voters in the new member states ; a constitutional process whose future is uncertain ; and all the usual political wrangling in Brussels between countries seeking to get as much power as possible .
These realities prevent people who believe they are infected with TB from seeking treatment .
Most people -- even those at greatest risk of contracting the disease , including people living with HIV\/AIDS -- lack accurate information about TB 's symptoms or where to seek treatment .
If they do not , they will seek to game the incentive system , rather than to meet the organization 's goals .
But in many other situations , we would miss major sources of motivation -- and thus would adopt useless , if not counter-productive , measures aimed at producing the outcomes we seek .
Instead , they often seek immunity by running for public office .
In early August , a journalist called the office of Moscow 's mayor , seeking comments on the situation . `` The office is closed , '' a woman at the press office answered , adding that smog had gotten inside the mayoral building , which is located less than two miles from the Kremlin , so everyone was ordered to go home .
Major oil exporters could then seek to use their now less-valuable oil at home as cheap fuel for an expanded heavy industrial sector .
Put another way , would the cause of `` energy independence '' seek to reverse globalization ?
In large parts of Africa , such treatments are usually reserved for those rich enough to seek specialized care abroad .
Rather than turning away , the EU should seek deeper engagement and reciprocity .
Sadly , the financial revolution has been mostly rent-seeking rather than welfare-enhancing in character .
As costs surge , Chinese producers are seeking higher value , new niches , and more influence over policymaking .
Genuine partnership is difficult to achieve when resource-rich countries view foreign mining and drilling companies only as adversaries , seeking unfair and inequitable contracting agreements .
We have a duty to seek justice for the victims of Charles Taylor 's crimes .
Of prime importance is the fact that Turkey is emerging as a role model for those across the Middle East who are seeking reform and modernization .
Not all countries will embrace the Protocol . Some will prefer to avoid any strengthening of economic , social , and cultural rights and will seek to maintain the status quo . The better and fairer position , however , is to embrace the vision of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and promote unambiguously the idea that human dignity requires respect for the equally vital and mutually dependent freedoms from fear and want .
But the lessons of Iraq 's bloody post-Saddam civil war were learned across the Arab world , and the dedication and maturity of Tunisian and Egyptian youth has become a model for other Arabs seeking freedom and dignity .
They complain about year-long waits for eye operations and hip surgery -- a direct result of a Social Democratic reform of 1994 that abolished the right of patients to seek alternative care at public expense if they are not treated within three months by their regional council .
Such a powerful apparatus can not retire to a quiet life in a dacha as Yeltsin did -- it would have to privatize everything first -- which implies that Putin has no choice but to remain in office , regardless of what he says about not seeking a third presidential term .
He will scandalize the summit by seeking to intimidate the former Soviet clients in the room .
Many are seeking to shield themselves from Russia 's capricious embargos -- for example , by seeking alternative energy supplies .
The Return of the Siloviki STOCKHOLM -- Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin recently announced that Russia , Belarus , and Kazakhstan have abandoned their separate talks to join the World Trade Organization . Instead , they would seek to enter the world trade body as a single customs union .
America and Europe share an interest in the success of these efforts , particularly as they seek to diversify energy supplies away from Saudi Arabian and Persian Gulf oil .
They should not have to risk their safety when they seek to engage with the world online .
And to the north is Turkey , a pro-European , largely secular and democratic country that seeks to wield influence across the Arab world .
Turkey , he argued , is neither pro-Israeli nor pro-Syrian : it seeks an Israeli-Syrian accommodation in order to add another building block to regional stability .
Afghans themselves are overwhelmingly supportive of seeking a political settlement to end the conflict , as a recent Asia Foundation survey of national attitudes confirmed .
Correspondingly , the international community should back mechanisms that will address the grievances of all Afghans , not just the political elite , and that will seek to address regional strategic concerns and agendas , especially those of Pakistan and Iran .
The international community still has an opportunity to leave behind a better Afghanistan than the NATO countries are seeking to `` transition '' out of today .
Consider a Japanese firm seeking to make the highest yen profits on goods sold in Switzerland .
Assuming that they comply with the Maastricht Treaty 's provisions concerning the EMU - and are not unfairly held to more stringent criteria - the core issue is whether new members would benefit more by waiting or whether they should seek early entry .
At the outset , it must be stressed that , in seeking earlier entry into the EMU a country assumes a more ambitious fiscal and structural program than would be needed if EMU membership is delayed .
Like a blade of grass beneath a stone , culture knows how and in which direction to seek light .
Such people are more likely to seek to strengthen their privileges than promote pluralism and the rule of law .
Of Moldova 's 3.5 million people at the time of independence , 15 % have already left the country to seek better lives elsewhere . More than 63 % of Moldova 's young people say they want out .
But his son Ahmad , who is less politically astute , may yet seek to settle accounts with al-Ahmar .
Europeans are long-standing champions of the United Nations and international cooperation , and continually seek to ensure that stability , freedom , democracy , and justice prevail as cornerstones of international relations .
It has set itself ambitious targets for the future and is taking the lead in seeking a comprehensive global agreement , including a very significant effort on funding .
Europeans are long-standing champions of the UN and international cooperation , and continually seeks to ensure that stability , freedom , democracy , and justice prevail as cornerstones of international relations .
It has set itself ambitious targets for the future and is taking the lead in seeking an international comprehensive global agreement , including a very significant effort on funding .
The challenge , then , for all economies seeking to maximize their growth potential is to find the right mix of managerial and entrepreneurial capitalism .
When corporations decide which politicians to support , what kind of messages to send , and which political outcomes to seek , their general investors are not consulted .
But the insiders that direct corporate lobbying can be expected to seek to obtain and maintain rules that provide insufficient protection to minority shareholders from such opportunism .
But what structures should regulators seek to encourage ?
In the US , for example , organizations that seek to speak for the business sector , or for specific industries , raise funds from corporations and spend more than $ 1 billion annually on efforts to influence politics and policymaking .
Such pay structures gave executives excessive incentives to seek short-term gains -- say , by making lending and investment decisions that would improve short-term earnings -- even when doing so would increase the risks of an implosion later on .
They have the power to direct their firms ' campaign contributions , to offer positions or business to politicians ' relatives or associates -LRB- or to politicians upon retirement -RRB- , and to use their businesses to support issues and causes that politicians seek to advance .
Under one possible arrangement , executives seeking to cash out shares would sell them to the company in return for a price based on the average stock price during , say , the subsequent six months .
Alternatively , an executive wishing to unload equity could be permitted to sell the shares in the market , but only gradually , according to a pre-specified , automatic plan that would be self-executing -LRB- say , one-sixth of the number of shares the executive seeks to sell on the first trading day of each of the subsequent six months -RRB- .
As China seeks to keep its economic engine running , dams and hyrdopower do represent a cleaner alternative to coal .
By contrast , the March 11 , 2004 , terrorist attack on Spain , which left 200 dead , triggered an `` anti-crusade '' that seeks to disarm extremism by building bridges of understanding and reconciliation with Islam .
Europe 's Dangerous Banalities JERUSALEM -- Europe 's vocation for peacemaking and for international norms of behavior is bound to become the base upon which Barack Obama will seek to reconstruct the transatlantic alliance that his predecessor so badly damaged .
The Turkey of Erdogan 's dominant Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- appears to be seeking a new mission civilisatrice , with the Middle East and the former Soviet republics as its alternative horizons .
India and Pakistan , unlike Israel , which has been committed to a strategy of nuclear opacity , both see themselves as nuclear states and want the world to accept that status . Moreover , Israel never tested a nuclear weapon , and has unequivocally accepted the Nuclear Suppliers Group -LRB- NSG -RRB- guidelines , which seek to stem proliferation through the control of nuclear exports .
Fayaadism , by contrast , seeks the `` Zionization '' of the Palestinian national movement .
The Lebanese front may ignite if Hezbollah seeks to avenge Mughniyah 's death , or simply as a result of a knee-jerk reaction to a provocation , as in 2006 .
The US retreated from its democratic designs once it realized that Arab democracy is not being identified with the liberal secular opposition , a political force that practically does not exist in the Arab world , but with Islamic radicals that are seek to repudiate America 's policies and the cause of reconciliation with Israel .
Saudi Arabia , Egypt , and Turkey would all seek their own `` Sunni '' bomb to counter the threat of a Shia nuclear empire on their doorsteps .
In addition to harmonizing the flow of donations and an agreed-upon list of development projects , Dominican President Leonel Fernandez seeks to make clear that the task is a long-term enterprise : re-founding the failing Haitian state .
Keeping alive the international community 's commitment -- that is , seeking an international solution to Haiti 's tragedy -- is a vital necessity for the Dominicans .
The Dominicans are right to seek at least a more solid regional commitment .
Haitians should not be encouraged to seek a solution to their tragic plight simply by crossing the border , but Dominicans should not demonize Haiti as the source of all their problems .
It means engagement whereby America should not seek `` to bully , intimidate , cajole , or persuade others to accept our unique values or to share our national objectives . ''
The message emanating now from the US is not one of non-interventionism , but a strategy of restraint that assumes that there are limits to American power and seeks to minimize the risk of entanglement in foreign conflicts .
But although Prime Minister Ehud Olmert might seek to regain his popular credibility by a major new peace demarche , the two-headed Palestinian Authority , always a dubious partner in the eyes of the Israelis , is now more suspect than ever .
Over the last year and a half , they withstood these pressures remarkably well ; but , as the global crisis hits them with full force , they are now seeking help from the International Monetary Fund .
But it was probably in Hungary , the first country to seek an IMF package , that these practices were most widespread .
They can not simply wait for America to move , nor can they always seek to placate Washington 's preferences .
A protocol seeking to supervise the prohibition of biological weapons production has been rejected .
Failure would lead America to seek the UN Security Council 's formal condemnation of Iran , coupled with sanctions .
Only an Israel seriously willing to seek security through agreement , not one that wants to impose her security on her neighborhood by fiat , can be partner to an international effort to bring stability to Lebanon and beyond .
Today , Putin seeks to regain the influence Russia lost in previous years .
Orwellian use of terms like `` fair trade '' masks the fact that this is nothing but an insidious form of protectionism that seeks to reduce import competition .
To defend post-utopian values in the longer-term , politicians -LRB- and generals and spymasters -RRB- can not seek security by drastically curtailing fundamental freedoms , because to do so risks forfeiting public support and a weakening of the pillars of the post-utopian market order .
Aging countries seeking to recover the ground lost in the current recession quickly can not afford to lose entire generations .
It is a painful procedure carried out in unsafe ways by old women who are seeking to initiate girls into womanhood , and , more concretely , into a life that will be an unending chain of physical pain and social marginalization .
There are ongoing efforts in Africa and elsewhere to internationalize a campaign that seeks to bring to galvanize public awareness of the dark fact that , in many countries , women remain mere commodities at the disposal of tradition .
Both announcements also came a month ahead of an Italian referendum -- the largest popular consultation on the matter ever held anywhere -- that seeks to change a law adopted last year that prohibits both in vitro fertilization and stem cell research .
There is an important lesson in this for the EU at a time when it is seeking to become a global actor : we must reach an internal consensus while always bearing in mind what the external ramifications of our decision might be .
At times of serious economic distress , policymakers thrash about seeking solutions , and some people lose confidence in the economic system itself .
The Bank of England seeks similar powers .
Whatever the dubious temporary merits of reviving industrial policy in a deep recession , governments need an exit strategy before the programs become permanently entrenched and develop powerful rent-seeking constituencies .
People and jobs are seeking better opportunities elsewhere .
Indeed , for the EU some issues are non-negotiable , because they are pillars of the European model that we seek to share with the world .
As it integrates into the world economy , it must seek to sustain growth while protecting the environment and reducing poverty and inequality .
Of course , China clearly has a right -- like any country -- to seek the energy , minerals , and other resources it needs .
Some issues are non-negotiable , because they are pillars of the European model that we seek to share with the world .
Gubernatorial elections this November will force Kurdish political contenders to offer opposing programs , and some candidates will seek electoral advantage via populist calls for independence .
But the Bush administration can seek ways to contain global energy prices -- and it should begin by refusing to be baited into escalating tensions whenever Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad pleases .
After all , the three largest EU states -- Germany , Britain , and France -- can be expected to seek agreements among themselves about the Union 's future shape , so the Benelux countries ' common goal should be to influence their actions and ensure that their thinking is acceptable to the whole community .
The Belgian judge , everyone here now hopes , will shortly seek Habré 's extradition from Senegal , where Habré 's victims began their quest two years ago .
New social movements , seeking to de-mythologize history , rejecting platitudes justifying the policies of elite interests , and demanding greater institutional accountability , seemingly threatened the entire `` establishment . ''
But none of these steps , taken alone or together , can bring about the ends that their often well-intentioned advocates seek .
An Islamist state in the Gaza Strip would encourage those who seek to create similar entities in Egypt , Jordan , and every other Arab country .
The worst mistake would be to follow the opposite policy -- an inevitably futile effort to appease the extremists or seek to moderate them .
Yet there is no credible way to achieve an agreement with such radical forces as Iran , Syria , Hamas , and Hezbollah , all of whom seek Israel 's destruction .
That wariness is reinforced by a new political factor : a defense of Orthodoxy has become a pillar of the national idea on which Putin seeks to base the legitimacy of his regime .
On one hand , Pakistan is seeking large investments from China to improve its physical infrastructure and exploit its considerable mineral wealth .
The murder of the filmmaker Theo van Gogh two and a half years ago by an Islamist assassin has incited a wrenching debate about the country 's entrenched culture of tolerance and easy access for asylum-seekers .
If it were really true that the fundamental existence of our democratic Western world were about to be destroyed by an Islamist revolution , it would only make sense to seek protection in the full force of the US informal empire .
But European welfare states are better equipped to deal with asylum-seekers and other newcomers as needy dependents than as people in need of a job .
Now that the Turkish economy is thriving , there will be less reason for poor Turks to seek work in other countries , let alone `` swamp '' them .
Those who seek a European identity based on culture and faith will resist it .
Muslim women in strict authoritarian societies do not usually have the option of seeking the law 's protection .
It is hard to imagine many countries where a young African woman could become a famous member of parliament only ten years after seeking asylum .
The notion of `` sustainability '' comes from environmentalism , which seeks to protect the earth and its atmosphere in order to sustain indefinitely human life of a good quality .
This popular misconception springs , at least in part , from the fact that women are more likely to know their HIV status because they are routinely tested for HIV at maternity clinics when they seek pregnancy tests or examinations .
Laws criminalizing the transmission of HIV undermine public health because they deter people who are HIV-positive and those at risk of acquiring the virus from seeking testing , counseling , and treatment .
As long as appropriate governance and revenue-administration mechanisms are put in place -- particularly to avoid rent-seeking behavior -- natural-resource availability may turn out to be a blessing rather than a curse for these countries .
In other parts of the world , the emergence of respect for a patient 's right to refuse vaccines creates a difficult challenge for those seeking to eradicate diseases such as polio .
The best that can be done is to seek to control polio , and to hope that politics , economics , and ethics allow us to get that far . Those involved in efforts aimed at complete eradication should rethink their goal , lest faith in the unattainable leads to disaster .
Anatomy of Chavez Hugo Chavez 's almost 8 years in power in Venezuela -- which he will seek to extend in presidential elections next month &#45; &#45; seems to defy economic analysis .
We actively seek wider engagement with religious leaders on this issue .
The survivors of Srebrenica , for whom Bosnia was seeking damage awards , will receive nothing from Serbia .
It could be authorized to enter into trade agreements as well as agreements concerning individuals -LRB- for example , admission and circulation of foreigners , or extradition -RRB- , plus the right to seek admission to the UN -LRB- which does not require full sovereignty and independence -RRB- .
Based on internal documents from the Mexican and US governments , countless interviews , and a survey of much of the existing literature on the subject , Ex-Mex seeks to fulfill three purposes .
On July 14 , the ICC prosecutor , Argentine lawyer Luis Moreno Ocampo , announced that he was seeking an arrest warrant for Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for orchestrating the atrocities in Darfur .
President Daniel Ortega is seeking to remain in office more or less perpetually , and seems ready to perpetrate every type of stratagem , from electoral fraud to dissolving Congress and the judiciary , in order to achieve his aims .
In the coming weeks , most Latin American countries will vote in favor of some form of UN membership or recognition of statehood that the Palestinian Authority is seeking . But some will not .
Given their growing role in the global economy , it is understandable that larger Latin American countries , along with the other BRICS , are seeking a more influential world role .
Two years into his term , Ortega needed to win majorities in the local elections in order to impose a constitutional reform that will allow him to seek a second consecutive term .
With equal fervor , Iran 's president , Mahmoud Ahmedinejad , defends his country 's right to develop its nuclear capacity -LRB- though denying that his country seeks nuclear weapons -RRB- and challenges decades of Holocaust research .
What Holocaust deniers seek most is to undo the idea that Nazi crimes should have any impact on current international relations or on global notions of morality .
This led Bush to seek to adjust the international order to India 's benefit , most notably by negotiating an exemption from the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty for India .
His advisors also indicate that they will seek to incorporate social provisions , like labor standards , into future international trade negotiations .
Ultimately , the indicators are that the new Obama administration will seek to restore an international status quo that preceded the Bush presidency .
China seeks a multipolar world but a unipolar Asia .
As China seeks to translate its economic clout into major geopolitical advantages in Asia , a country that once boasted of `` having friends everywhere '' finds that its growing power may be inspiring awe , but that its actions are spurring new concerns and fears .
Now , with his China strategy falling apart , Obama is seeking to do exactly what his predecessor attempted -- to line up partners as an insurance policy in case China 's rising power slides into arrogance .
Other players on the grand chessboard of Asian geopolitics also are seeking to formulate new equations , as they concurrently pursue strategies of hedging , balancing , and bandwagoning .
Indeed , his defense secretary , Robert Gates , made clear last year that the US will now seek to contain terrorism regionally rather than defeat it .
And China , seeking to tighten its grip on Tibet , has worked to control the traditional process of finding the reincarnation of any senior lama that passes away .
Rather than seeking to defeat the Taliban , the US has encouraged the Pakistani , Afghan , and Saudi intelligence services to hold proxy negotiations with the Taliban 's top leadership , holed up in the Pakistani city of Quetta .
Instead of remaining bogged down in Afghanistan and seeking to cajole and bribe the Pakistani military into ending their support for Islamic militants , the US would become free to pursue a broader , more balanced counterterrorism strategy .
As with its territorial and maritime disputes with India , Vietnam , Japan , and others , China is seeking to disrupt the status quo on international-river flows .
But , just when America 's Sino-centric Asia policy became noticeable , Japan put the US on notice that it can not indefinitely remain a faithful servant of American policies . Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama 's government is seeking to realign foreign policy and rework a 2006 deal for the basing of US military personnel on Okinawa .
But there can be no denying that these three leading Asian powers and the US have different playbooks : America wants a uni-polar world but a multi-polar Asia ; China seeks a multi-polar world but a uni-polar Asia ; and Japan and India desire a multi-polar Asia and a multi-polar world .
Thousands of Chinese convicts , for example , have been pressed into service on projects undertaken by state-run Chinese companies in Sri Lanka , a strategically important country for China as it seeks to enhance its regional position in the Indian Ocean .
Until the Chinese government 's treatment of its own citizens and those of other countries is guided by respect for basic human rights and the rule of law , China is unlikely to command the respect that it seeks on the world stage .
With economic growth slowing to a record 50-year low during his tenure , Chen Shui-bian is seeking ways to divert public attention by assuming the role of a daring leader ready to defend Taiwan 's sovereignty .
Thanks to `` reinforced cooperation , '' recalcitrant states will no longer hinder those seeking to make progress , and could even resort to an `` opt-out '' process and `` liberate '' themselves from the EU , perhaps by means of a referendum .
In this climate , Dutch Prime Minister Peter Balkenende , still bogged down in his country 's `` no '' vote on the EU 's draft constitutional treaty in 2005 , has been seeking to win British , Czech , and Polish support for measures to make it possible to diminish the EU 's areas of responsibility .
As a result , restructuring has been time consuming , costly , and characterized by intense lobbying , rent-seeking , stop-and-go policy making , and the continued failure of credit markets to function efficiently .
Suicide bombers and death squads are not seeking shorter working hours , higher salaries , or better pension plans .
As long as Iraqis face daily threats of larceny , kidnapping , and murder -- particularly from those who are supposed to protect them -- they will seek security from neighborhood gangs and militias .
The Commission is thus establishing itself as a friendly venue for businesses that can not overcome competitors in the market , and seek a second chance in court .
At the same time , China remains a vast developing country , ardently seeking more rapid economic growth to lift hundreds of millions out of poverty and to provide better living standards for hundreds of millions more .
At least in part , it has been known to seek weapons of mass destruction .
The opposition CDU leader , Angela Merkel , has linked its program to the ambitious ideas of an outsider , former Constitutional Court judge Paul Kirchhof , seeking a dramatic simplification of the tax system .
Many people believe that it does , and seek to explain phenomena ranging from guerrilla insurgencies to Islamist terrorism accordingly .
These populists promise solutions that dispense with the habits and norms of moderation , notably with centrist democratic policies and an internationalism that seeks to promote peace and prosperity .
They may deter some of those who are qualified from seeking higher education .
Until recently , member governments held two ideas on immigration : they all took the view that ordinary immigration must be restricted or prevented ; they all agreed that asylum-seekers be vilified as `` bogus '' economic migrants and deterred through policies of harassment , intimidation and - in some cases - detention .
In addition , some member governments , like those of Germany and Austria , have demonstrated serious anxiety that EU enlargement will incite a flood of job-seekers from Central and Eastern Europe , and made clear that they will demand a long delay in granting free movement of labor to any new member state .
Abroad , his main agenda was nakedly xenophobic : No to membership in the Euro , significant disengagement from the European Union , and a harsher policy towards foreign asylum-seekers .
In fact , no one knows whether Tony Blair will seek to join the Euro , let alone win a referendum on it .
Norway may one day possibly seek to join , and that would pose no problems ; it is conceivable that Switzerland may seek to join , and that too would not be a problem -LRB- except to the Swiss -RRB- .
The most plausible institutional mechanism for this alternative way forward will be the existing grouping of those member states that have wanted to belong to a more united Europe by joining , or seeking to join , the euro zone .
It would underscore the depth of the chasm between leaders who are seeking to advance the cause of European political integration but are out of touch with their electorates , and the British , who do not like European political integration at all .
So if it is true that trust in financial institutions -- and in the governments that oversee them -- has been damaged by the crisis , we should care a lot , and we should be devising responses which seek to rebuild that trust .
Beginning in March 2009 , the Swiss National Bank became the first Western central bank in years to seek to influence its currency 's exchange rate through intervention .
For example , if profit can be made by understanding the model behind a policy , as is surely the case with the models used by the United States Federal Reserve , sooner or later so much capital will seek that profit that the tail will begin to wag the dog , as has been happening lately .
Science from this perspective is about natural philosophy , an enterprise that seeks to acquire deep understanding of the world regardless of whether that knowledge can be put to use .
China , for example , seeks markets for its products and further energy resources , while Russia aims to use the SCO to promote its anti-Western agenda .
The idea is not that Brazil should seek to implement the Dutch social-economic model -- the countries are too different for that .
In settling the Afghan war , the government and donors should seek to eschew the pattern of unkept promises that has bedeviled reconstruction of the country in the past .
One source is central banks seeking to keep the value of their home currencies down so that their workers can gain valuable experience from exporting to the rich world .
· First , short-term speculators seeking higher returns , or investors overanxious for safety , drive a currency 's value to unsustainable levels .
This deficit is entirely of Bush 's own creation , having enacted -- and now seeking to extend -- tax cuts that are not cuts at all , because they merely shift the burden of fiscal consolidation onto future generations .
At best , they are seeking ways to keep health-care spending from rising , as though the genie of medical progress can be forced back into the bottle .
One year , they might seek to control inflation , but the previous year they sought to reduce unemployment , and next year they might try to lower the government 's debt refinancing costs , and the year after that they might worry about keeping the exchange rate at whatever value their political masters prefer .
Four years ago , I would have said that the principal source of international economic disorder was made in America . That has passed as a result of the dollar 's decline and the ebbing political strength of right-wing populist factions in the US that seek ever-greater redistribution to the rich fueled by ever-increasing tax cuts and ever-rising long-term deficits .
That 's why the world took the neo-liberal bet in the 1990 's : international capital mobility would come to the rescue by relaxing capital constraints where they were binding , and by reducing the scope for corruption and rent-seeking , which was often a more significant binding growth constraint .
Less enthusiasm about housing means that manufacturing firms will no longer be squeezed when they seek capital to expand .
But in the post-World War II era , in which social democratic governments maintain welfare spending and Keynesian economic advisers seek to use fiscal policy to boost output , an earnings depression is much more likely to be accompanied by inflation .
Finally , high finance allows for portfolio diversification , so that individual investors can seek high expected returns without being forced to assume large , idiosyncratic risks of bankruptcy and poverty .
The reason , I think , that American presidents are so willing to reappoint Fed chairmen from the opposite party is closely linked to one of the two things that a president seeks : the confidence of financial markets that the Fed will pursue non-inflationary policies .
But US presidents seek more than just a credible commitment to financial markets that the Fed chair will fear and fight inflation .
They seek intelligence , honor , and a keen sense of the public interest and the public welfare .
Remember that back in 1993 , when the Clinton administration 's analyses led it to seek to spend less and reduce the deficit , the Republicans said that that would destroy the economy , too .
That means , of course , that the EU should seek to widen its transatlantic thinking so that the EU and the United States cooperate more closely on defining -- and thus protecting -- their common interests in a world where together they account for little more than 10 % of the total population .
The US , moreover , should actively seek a path back to the Six Party Talks , resisting both the fatalistic idea that North Korea can never be persuaded to roll back its nuclear program and the dangerous notion of simply waiting for the North Korean regime to come begging , if not collapse .
Educating Americans about Muslim Voices NEW YORK -- President Barack Obama has extended an open hand of friendship in his landmark Cairo speech to the Muslim world -- seeking to engage Muslims with a commitment of mutual respect .
The principles seek to ensure that large-scale land investments result in `` win-win '' situations , benefiting investors and directly affected communities alike .
So , while most accounts say that Bohr won the debate , my view is that Einstein , as usual , was seeking an explanation of reality , while his rivals were advocating nonsense .
But fighting the Tigers and seeking a peace deal have never been alternatives .
Finally , developing-country governments are beginning to prioritize health care and are seeking cost-efficient outcomes , as well as the means to effectively manage disease burdens .
Other companies are experimenting with base-of-pyramid models that seek to boost sales .
There are clear parallels between that situation and the way in which the common law has offered little redress to patients who have tried to claim property rights in tissue taken from them , or to activists seeking to limit the powers of Big Biotech over human genetic patents .
Nowadays , another major controversy has erupted in several Indian states , owing to a research project to vaccinate girls against cervical cancer -- an issue that has now entered the US presidential campaign , because Texas 's governor , Rick Perry , now seeking the Republican presidential nomination , backed a similar mandatory program .
So , before the anti-terror campaign seeks other terrorist bases to destroy , it should eliminate terror in a place where the UN itself is ruling .
So when Serbian politicians seek public support to extradite indicted Serbs to the Hague , they never say that justice demands such an action or that the Hague is providing a necessary national moral catharsis .
So Ko¨tunica and Djindjic can not seek allies in the nationalist camp .
So , in no time , the dollar started wobbling and even -- momentarily -- went down That situation was repaired when President Bush , presumably encouraged by Federal Reserve Bank Chairman Alan Greenspan , reiterated personally that the US seeks a market-determined value for the dollar .
The witch-hunt underway - with politicians , regulators , and even the White House seeking to save their political skins - is , indeed , essential .
In particular , China 's G20 membership and its strong interest in securing greater access to developing markets confronts southern Africa 's association with the G90 coalition , which seeks to block progress in the WTO .
With the US seeking to line up nine votes in the security council in favor of declaring Iraq in `` material breach '' of Security Council resolution 1441 , Mexico 's stance toward the US will become vital in the coming days and weeks .
The debate over Iraq in Mexico reveals a deep divide between those who seek closer ties with the US , and those wary of that possibility .
Without these five components , any immigration proposal will not cut back on the number of deaths among those seeking to cross the border , or the existence of an abused underclass , or the persistence of temporary and legal employment that becomes permanent and illegal employment .
The country seems to be caught in a permanent , uneasy tug-of-war between the past and the future , between change and the actors who seek to place obstacles in its path .
Mexico is trapped by a dense network of rent-seekers and monopolies in sectors that are crucial for economic growth , including telecommunications , energy , transportation , and financial services .
For too long , government officials have tinkered with Mexico 's economic structure through piecemeal reforms that seek to ensure political stability , but that do not address the key obstacles to greater innovation and competitiveness .
The results have become increasingly obvious and painful : an economy that has suffered more severely in the global crisis than its neighbors to the south ; a rent-seeking business elite that is unaccustomed to competition ; public and private monopolies that no one seems to have the political will to dismantle ; and corporatist pacts that siphon off public resources to unproductive unions , thwarting productivity and growth .
Moreover , there is merit in seeking additional treaties to outlaw weapons in space , establish agreed norms for missile defense , and make certain that nuclear materials and technologies are kept safe and secure .
In the United States , the Federal Trade Commission has announced plans to require bloggers and celebrity endorsers to disclose gifts or payments from vendors and others seeking the bloggers ' positive comments online .
It does n't matter that people seeking information are free to bypass Google and use other tools ; they do n't .
Countries seeking additional reserves will not be forced to accumulate only -- or even mainly -- dollars .
Will those responsible for managing central-bank reserves , seeking to maximize returns , shift erratically between those currencies ?
Reserve managers do not have the high-powered financial incentives of hedge fund managers to seek to maximize returns .
The idea was that by issuing SDRs , the IMF would provide catch-up economies seeking to accumulate reserves with an alternative to piling up dollars .
Rather , the Sarkozy administration will seek to develop mechanisms for managing the transition to an international currency system in which the dollar , the euro , and the renminbi all play consequential global roles .
After all , central banks seeking to accumulate foreign-currency reserves will have alternatives to acquiring dollars , so foreigners wo n't give America so much rope with which to hang itself .
One might think that the SDR , as a basket of four currencies , might be attractive to central banks and governments seeking to hedge their bets .
With central banks seeking an alternative to dollars and euros , is n't now a perfect time to expand the role of SDRs ?
Central banks understandably seek more reserves as their economies grow .
Well , it is one of those all-too-frequent late-night compromises reached by EU heads of state and government that seek to slither around and through some practical problems while postponing others .
For others , like the US , future sacrifices are already required , most likely through a combination of higher inflation , austerity , and `` financial repression , '' as governments seek to impose on savers negative real rates of return .
But , by using its energy resources and recovered confidence to fuel instability and discord , it is seeking to expand its sphere of interest -- an outcome that can be averted only by a unanimous and determined EU response .
Future archaeologists would do well not to seek an explanation of this variation in terms of visible differences in our skeletal biology !
Prokhorov 's withdrawal preceded by just a few days the announcement by United Russia , the country 's ruling party , that Putin will seek a third presidential term in 2012 , swapping jobs with the incumbent , President Dmitri Medvedev , who will become Prime Minister .
Now , with negotiations at an impasse , settlement building continuing unabated , no end in sight to the never-ending humiliation of occupation , and all other forms of leverage evidently exhausted , the Palestinians are going to the United Nations to seek recognition in some form of their statehood .
The argument has been made that recognition as a state , even in limited form , will give Palestine the standing that it probably lacks currently to seek prosecutions in the International Criminal Court for alleged violations of international law .
An immediate need is to counter the perception that any condemnatory response to an unfolding RtoP situation means stepping onto a slippery slope to military confrontation -- a perception that Russia and China heavily milked in seeking to justify their vote against an early-stage Security Council resolution on Syria .
That , in turn , may cause higher investment or asset bubbles , as businesses seek to reinvest their savings somewhere .
If rural workers have financial difficulties , which in other countries often lead to land sales , they can work harder to find other jobs or seek government help .
One result of this is that China and India are seeking to make a bigger impact on global economic policy .
Treatment interruption has been associated with asylum seekers and refugees in Switzerland .
The greater the demand for oil and gas from these regions , the more likely these regions are to seek higher prices , and to maintain them by deferring investment and limiting production .
President Bush has pushed stopping the spread of nuclear weapons to the top of the international agenda . Ironic , then , that America 's nuclear weapons development program may promote the very proliferation it seeks to prevent , as US Senator Dianne Feinstein explains .
Today , under the terms of the ideas set out in that review , the US contemplates the first use of nuclear weapons , and seeks to integrate tactical battlefield nuclear weapons alongside conventional munitions .
If either country adhered to the thinking embodied in the Bush administration 's new nuclear policy , there would be little reason for each not to seek to integrate nuclear weapons even more deeply into their own contingency plans -- and possibly use them .
If the US is not careful , our own new nuclear posture could provoke the very nuclear-proliferation activities we are seeking to prevent .
That means that , over time , these governments will seek to diversify their portfolios , moving away from the current dominance of dollar investments .
Even in Spain and Britain , where few electorally successful right-wing extremists exist , governments seek to pre-empt them by poaching their policies and their rhetoric .
It is precisely this ambition that sets Iran apart from North Korea : whereas North Korea seeks nuclear weapons capability in order to entrench its own isolation , Iran is aiming for regional dominance and more .
America , more than in the past , will depend on strong partners and will seek such partnerships .
Indeed , aside from matters of domestic policy and the issue of internal freedom , the choice between the major candidates hinges on the question of whether Iran should seek greater international integration .
A regime in Tehran that must demonstrate external strength to survive its shattered legitimacy at home would therefore make the comprehensive , negotiated settlement that the West seeks much more difficult and risky , if not impossible , to achieve .
Does the country seek increased openness or isolation ? Integration or destabilization ?
But when you look at the big picture , it becomes apparent that US foreign policy is seeking to isolate Iran internationally by means of diplomacy .
In fact , Turkey 's foreign policy , which seeks to resolve existing conflicts with and within neighboring states , and active Turkish involvement there , is anything but in conflict with Western interests .
Why , then , do the most advanced countries , in particular , take on the risk of a mega-catastrophe by seeking to create energy from radioactive fission ?
Iran harbors hegemonic ambitions which it seeks to realize by means of its military potential , oil and gas reserves , its nuclear program , its influence over Shiites throughout the region , and its efforts to upset the status quo within the Arab Muslim world .
But where it did apply , America 's strength and willingness to seek international cooperation created an order whose institutions still hold the world together .
Bush accuses Syria and Iran of interfering in Iraq , threatening its territorial integrity and endangering American troops , and , more generally , of seeking to undermine America 's allies in the region .
His agenda appears to aim at domestic liberalization -- moving beyond the 35-hour week , ending the special pension regimes accorded to particular professions , increasing incentives to work and gain wealth . But it also seeks protection from the dizzying effects of globalization , which probably will mean strong support for the EU 's Common Agricultural Policy , skepticism toward further trade liberalization and the will to improve European Union 's economic government .
The Israeli Foreign Ministry now seeks prosecution of Ahmedinejad for incitement to commit genocide -- a violation of international law .
Even though the label of treason is used , the offense now resembles the American concept of sedition and seeks to prevent a violent overthrow of the government .
Lawyers must seek this distinction , for if we surrender to the rhetorical claims of statesmen and paranoids , the line between aggression and self-defense will disappear .
True , some made an ideological choice to colonize `` Judea and Samaria , '' as they call it , but others are ordinary people seeking better housing and a better life for their families .
Moreover , domestic economies do not provide the diversification benefits that countries dependent on single-commodity revenue streams seek .
But some commodity exporters still seek ways to borrow that wo n't expose them to excessive risk .
Tomorrow is always treated as more important than next week , and next week prevails over next year , with no one seeking to secure the long-term future .
About three years ago at Brigham and Women 's Hospital , when we were seeking a potential tool for high-resolution diagnostics , array-CGH offered the hope of providing a reliable and efficient genome-wide test that could detect gains or losses in an unbiased and non-subjective fashion .
Once teaching reduces , if not eliminates , the original competitive advantage associated with a piece of research , academics and their funders are forced to seek new sources of advantage by producing new knowledge .
A Rosales presidency would represent an entirely different sort of government for Venezuela , one that would seek to undo the demagogic legacy of Chávez and his `` Bolivarian Revolution . ''
Chávez seeks to buy regional influence , but mostly he props up ideological cronies like Bolivia 's Evo Morales and Nicaragua 's Daniel Ortega , and some as far afield as Zimbabwe 's Robert Mugabe and Belarus 's Aleksander Lukashenko .
Meanwhile , each government , with its own style and political discourse , seeks to associate the state with the benefits of a globalization that , for the past few years , has been showing its generosity .
The German presidency will seek to implement the Constitutional Treaty resolutions , and the Berlin Declaration of March 25 , 2007 -- timed to mark the fiftieth anniversary of the Treaty of Rome -- will offer a vision of the EU 's future .
The organization seeks to reinvent itself as a defender of the Iraqi people .
The most controversial change that Piñera is likely to seek is the partial privatization of CODELCO , the huge and highly profitable state-owned copper company .
Rapid economic and political change -- and , increasingly , environmental change -- dislodges people and encourages them to seek opportunity and security in new homes .
There is thus concern that some in Cambodia 's government - which includes officials who once served under the Khmer Rouge - will seek to hijack the trials for political ends .
Their many victims will rightly seek some form of accounting - at a minimum , an official record of the crimes they suffered .
A dearth of water fuels ethnic strife , as communities begin to fear for their survival and seek to capture the resource .
Moreover , because the regions in which Russia has interests face a number of problems , it must seek influence over the strategies for these regions pursued of other powers of various sizes , from China and the US , to the EU and Iran .
Already , French President Jacques Chirac has promised to veto any Security Council resolution on reconstruction that seeks to justify the war .
His challenge will be to resist the temptation to seek short-term popularity , recognizing instead that China 's stock market must endure short-term pain to win long-term gains .
In 1992 , the State Council , seeking to stop mass privatization , ruled that two-thirds of the equity capital of restructured state-owned enterprises -LRB- SOEs -RRB- had to be issued to state organs and could not be traded .
Chancellor Brown 's proposal , now before the IMF board , seeks to cut by half the number of people -- currently some 1.25 billion -- living on $ 1 a day , provide universal primary school education , and improve public health .
Instead , photographers stake out his hospital room , seeking to show us our hero in his struggle with death .
The ritual tells us that we are desperately zealous people , seeking mirrors that show our heroes as beautiful , youthful , and exceptional ; that we are fascinated with a form of death that freezes our illusions into permanent images , like Evita 's embalmed corpse .
In particular , he would seek to emulate Lula 's efforts to include vast sectors of the population in the benefits of a strong economy .
These countries will jointly seek to develop a bigger presence in Asian markets , and to offer developed countries a safe option for capital investments in emerging markets .
Nor will any posture succeed that seeks to put Russia forward as a geopolitical counterweight to the United States .
The US and Iran could go to war not over nuclear issues but because of reckless behavior by the Revolutionary Guards -LRB- as occurred recently in the Strait of Hormuz -RRB- , with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmedinejad possibly seeking to provoke a crisis in order to distract domestic attention from his economic failures .
We should seek China 's integration as a matter of self-interest .
And it is difficult to be optimistic about Afghanistan , given the Taliban 's resilience , the weakness and corruption that plague the government , and the reality that Pakistan will continue to be a sanctuary for the Taliban and other armed groups seeking to gain a foothold -LRB- or more -RRB- in Afghanistan .
Mubarak 's announcement that he would not seek re-election would likely have averted a crisis had he issued it in December .
With preparations for the party 's November congress in full swing , a conflict that goes back to the party 's founding is reappearing . On one side is a social-democratic vision , which basically favors the market economy but seeks to alleviate its harsher effects ; on the other side stands a radical vision that extols a revolutionary `` break with capitalism . ''
A minority of these problem users will seek professional help to quit .
America 's legal community , and some in the wider society , are beginning to awake to the complex issues confronting the US as it seeks to protect itself from outside attacks for the first time since 1812 .
It is a universal good that all must seek .
No matter how influential new media have been , they can not replace the need for a region-wide `` manifesto for change '' that all who seek freedom can embrace .
Unlike many Western politicians who insincerely seek to placate Russia , supposedly in the interests of peace and friendship , I believe that friendship with Russia is served best if we act towards it as equals and tell the truth to its face , unpleasant as this may be .
PRAGUE -- The death of Eduard Chuvashov , a judge killed in cold blood on April 12 in Moscow , is another in a long and growing list of murders perpetrated on those in Russia who try to seek justice for the victims of crimes -- an essential task for the future development of the Russian society .
Prince Muhammad has also established a rehabilitation program that seeks to de-program the jihadis from their radical beliefs through a course of study that teaches that Islam requires obedience to a Muslim ruler .
It would apply to everyone , regardless of nationality or statelessness , including refugees and asylum seekers , and it would place a positive obligation on states to `` promote and fulfill '' the right to equality .
Unlike the American President , who may seek votes to support his policies even from the opposing party in Congress , a German Chancellor promises not to govern by seeking the votes of opposition party members .
In short , the parliamentary barons of the governing party buttressed by the ban on seeking opposition support can sabotage legislative projects they dont like .
During that period , Karadzic spread a completely false rumor that Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and I had made a deal that , with Karadzic 's disappearance from public view , NATO would not seek his arrest .
Rather than obsessing about elections , the US now seeks to build pragmatic alliances to buttress its economic needs .
Sadly , in spite of a much celebrated peace process , Pakistan refuses visas to Indian peace groups and activists that seek to help in the relief effort .
The answer lies in a finely honed strategy , perfected over years , that juggles US demands and the interests of local intelligence chiefs , mullahs , tribal leaders , venal politicians , and a host of fortune seekers .
Millions of people now seek professional help for conditions that fall under the medicalized , overly inclusive definition of depression .
If they work together , more progress can be made in tackling the world 's problems than if they see each global flashpoint as an opportunity to seek advantage at the other 's expense .
In Albania , instead of developing and strengthening our infant democratic institutions , the OSCE , in its desire to see its policies implemented , often seeks to bypass or override them .
This fact has long been ignored by firms seeking trade defense .
Lula survived those scandals and did not move to amend the constitution in order to seek a third term , though some in Brazil pressed him to do so .
Will it block leaders from changing their countries ' constitutions to allow them to seek re-election after their term limits are over ?
In Togo , President Gnassingbe Eyadema has been in power for 38 years and , just last December , amended the constitution to allow him to seek further re-election .
People in places like France and Poland who worry about national decline seek to blame somebody outside the country .
Since it is an economic crisis , most people seeking its intellectual roots are tempted to begin with economists , who , with a few exceptions , look particularly discredited .
Indeed , political entanglements are one of two sources of weakness in European-style family capitalism , as owners seek political advantages and preferred access as much as they strive for technical innovation .
The managers of these new safe-haven currencies are now desperately seeking at least a temporary peg or some system of bands relative to the exchange rates of their big neighbors .
After that , the IMF began to encourage some countries to renegotiate debt rather than seek new money , at least if they were relatively small scale borrowers such as Ukraine or Pakistan and thus could not endanger the whole system .
Other reports have mentioned wildlife that escaped the destruction , as some sort of instinct seemed to tell them to seek higher ground prior to the arrival of the tsunami waves .
Schooled in economics , politics , and law , rather than engineering , they will seek to accelerate China 's rise and transformation , viewing caution as paralysis . Even now , emerging leaders argue that China is moving too slowly on economic reform and foreign-policy goals .
They are even nuclear radicals , and many seek to obstruct the New START treaty with Russia , which would modestly advance the arms-control agenda pursued by all Republican presidents since Richard Nixon .
Turkey seeks to re-establish its Islamic identity and `` Ottoman '' influence over the Middle East , thereby flexing its diplomatic muscles for a European Union that has all but rejected Turkish membership .
As we finance infrastructure and other projects in the region , we will seek to integrate disenfranchised regions and rural areas .
In his famous speech on India 's `` tryst with destiny , '' Nehru promised Indians that his government would seek to `` bring freedom and opportunity to the common man , to the peasants and workers of India ; to fight and end poverty and ignorance and disease ; ... to ensure justice and fullness of life to every man and woman . ''
China 's government has used the war on terror to crack down on those seeking greater autonomy , including those who do so by peaceful means . This includes people like Rebiya Kadeer , a businesswoman imprisoned for sending newspaper articles to her husband in the US , Tohti Tunyaz , a Ph.D. student in Japan accused of publishing `` sensitive documents , '' and Tursunjan Amat , a poet who recited a pro-independence poem at a public gathering in Urumqi .
Yet Japan 's modestly named Self-Defense Forces are involved in many regional hot spots -LRB- no combat duty , of course -RRB- and seek to play a more active part in UN peacekeeping .
Likewise , under Abe , Japan will develop its official development assistance , seek to secure stable energy supplies , and pursue permanent membership of the UN Security Council .
Furthermore , Abe will seek to reorganize the prime minister 's office to reinforce its ability to function as a political headquarters that can make quick decisions on national strategy concerning diplomatic and security issues .
Various approaches may be available for building a coalition of such powers , including the use of the UN and seeking to influence US foreign policy .
But the majority of reform advocates seek something else : fairness and objectivity in history education , including studying the differences between Japan and China in their historical interpretations of the Sino-Japanese War .
In this age of uncertainty , when even the nature of the threats that nations face is uncertain , Japan 's strategic and military planners must continue to seek ways to adapt the SDF to today 's myriad current threats .
China seeks not only to secure its energy supplies , but to achieve broader security goals .
Indonesia is seeking to form an air-defense squadron of 12 jets , with eight Russian fighters to complement the two Russian Su-27SK 's and Su-30MKM 's that it has already bought .
Yet Indonesia is also trying to align itself with Asia 's rising power , China , by seeking greater defense and security cooperation .
Both India and China are each seeking greater influence over the strategically important country of Myanmar .
Many Russian officials will lose patience with Russia 's remaining a status-quo power , and one hopes that they will not seek confrontation .
With the break-up of the Soviet Union and Yugoslavia in mind , we must seek to prevent the further fragmentation of states , and also their forcible reunification .
Russia and the US must seek to build relations such as now exist between Russia and China , Russia and France , or the US , France , and the United Kingdom .
Assuming that Ahmadinejad seeks re-election , this line-up lacks any candidate with clear appeal to the youth vote .
Iran 's Muddled Presidential Politics WASHINGTON , DC -- The decision of former Iranian president Mohammad Khatami not to seek the presidency again has revealed how muddled Iranian presidential politics now is . In trying to sort out this muddle , the most important thing to keep in mind is not so much who will be elected , but what that choice will reveal about the intentions of the country 's Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
Khamenei is known to seek advice from various parties , but ultimately he makes decisions alone .
Since becoming Supreme Leader 22 years ago , Khamenei has been relatively weak , but has adapted by seeking to encourage weakness in the Islamic Republic 's other high offices .
If so , the plot 's target likely was not al-Jubeir himself , but rather those elements in the regime that seek a diplomatic opening to the US -- namely , Ahmadinejad and his circle .
As a result , Ahmadinejad , in a further ironic twist , is seeking to glorify Iran 's pre-Islamic history in order to stir nationalist sentiment in his favor and accomplish what he is sure that Khamenei does not want : greater openness to the West , particularly to the US .
As a result , commercial providers of debt or equity can not get the high returns and quick exits that they seek .
Subsequently , they raised equity capital from investors seeking to make a social impact -- Compartamos from Accion and the IFC , and SKS from Unitus , Silicon Valley venture capitalist Vinod Khosla , and an Indian government development agency .
Now the leader of the world 's most powerful democracy seeks an autocrat 's freedom from restraint .
At times , Putin truly sees himself as a `` modernizer '' seeking to root Russia in the West .
Buoyed by high oil prices , he now seeks to bestride the world as if the social calamities that bedevil Russia -- a collapsing population , a spiraling AIDS and tuberculosis crisis , corruption mushrooming to levels unimagined by Yeltsin -- do not matter .
By June 1991 , after quashing a series of challenges to his leadership , he became the first elected president of Russia ; two months later , real power fell into his hands , after the failed putsch against Gorbachev of August 1991 by conservatives seeking to prevent the Soviet Union 's disintegration .
But , in this case , when the son borrows essential elements of his father 's architectural principles and serves a regime that seeks to use the Games for some of the same reasons that animated Hitler , is he not willingly reflecting those sins ?
No company exemplifies this more than Gazprom , the state-run energy behemoth , which has gobbled up oil assets , media , banking interests , and farms within Russia , and seeks to do the same with downstream energy assets outside Russia , particularly in Europe .
Similarly , while the world today searches for ways to confront dependence on fossil fuels and seeks other , cleaner energy sources , Russia continues to live off its oil and gas , which only encourages it to delay the economic and political restructuring that it will need to succeed in the long term .
The problem is that , unlike the rail thin catwalk model who starves herself half to death to stay slim , the image of Russia that Putin seeks to project is completely imaginary .
Medvedev is currently seeking to perform this role .
Above all , I seek results .
There will be skeptics and critics every step , and there will be those who seek to divert or derail the process in pursuit of their own interests and agendas .
We seek a new `` green revolution '' in Africa . But we lack new resources .
It should be no wonder that Turkey is also seeking to engage both ends of its territories and feels that its security is best consolidated by minimizing risks together with its neighbors .
Contrary to recent charges , Turkey 's foreign policymakers are not seeking to revive the Ottoman Empire .
Instead , we seek Turkey 's historic reintegration into its immediate neighborhoods , thereby correcting an anomaly of the Cold War years .
Speaking at the United Nations plenary meeting this September , Kan said that his government seeks to achieve a `` society in which human suffering is reduced a minimum . '' National security is treated as a low-grade issue .
Much , then , depends on the Chinese , whose self-defeating regional diplomacy has managed to push a listless and defense-shy Japanese government into closer cooperation with the US on security matters , and has inspired South Korea to seek out strategic partnerships with other Asian powers , including India .
The test of China 's intentions is whether its growing economic and , yes , military capacities will be used to seek to establish Asian hegemony by working to exclude America from the region and preventing regional partnerships from flourishing .
But China 's assertiveness has provided enormous incentives to embrace an Asian multilateral system backed by America , rather than accept the exclusionary system that China seeks to lead .
Back then , that debacle seemed to presage a broader US withdrawal from Asia , with a war-weary American public seeking the supposed comforts of isolationism .
The regime in Pyongyang is seeking to ensure that power passes to a third generation of Kims , represented by the pudgy and well-fed `` Dear Young General , '' Kim Jong-un , and appears to believe that provocations such as its bombardment of a South Korean island earlier this year are the way to secure the succession .
Two main issues must be managed -- one philosophical , the other structural -- in seeking to ameliorate the problems caused by China 's unconstrained rise .
Nevertheless , China 's recent strategic assertiveness has led many Asian democracies to seek to deepen their ties with the US , as South Korea has done with a bilateral free-trade agreement .
Japan should be seeking to make a difference in securing stability in Asia , not playing sterile political games .
A general fear has arisen in Asia that China is seeking to use its growing maritime might to dominate not only development of the hydrocarbon-rich waters of the South China Sea , but also its shipping lanes , which are some of the world 's most heavily trafficked .
In 2005 , China 's leaders announced a policy of seeking a `` harmonious world , '' and set as their goal friendly relations with other countries , particularly its near neighbors .
If China attempts to lower its money supply by raising interest rates , it will trigger a corresponding increase in demand for renminbi , as foreign capital seeks to take advantage of higher interest rates on Chinese assets .
It should seek to prevent the return of spheres-of-influence politics in Eurasia , rather than consolidating or expanding its own sphere of influence .
Previously , there were two models for small economies seeking to incorporate themselves within the EU : the Irish model of radical market reforms , and the Greek model of creative bookkeeping and absorption of European funds .
He has made no efforts at economic reform during his term and now seeks to blame the ECB for Italy 's lame economic performance .
Mill thought that there is a big minority of people who tend to seek higher pleasures and that to be active in democratic politics is one of such pleasure .
Besides , people who seek to be political leaders are born activists ; if making policy does n't provide them with enough to do , they discover other activities .
Of course , Poland 's politicians developed a nicer phrase for such self-seeking . They called it `` using power for their own ends . ''
Today , this reserve army of peasants is creating the most serious political conflicts seen in Poland since communism 's fall as the country seeks membership in the European Union .
Republika Srpska would seek to leave Bosnia-Herzegovina and join Serbia , they say , and northern Macedonia would try to join Albania .
In response to an attack , Iran might well seek to obstruct shipping in the Persian Gulf , potentially triggering oil shortages and soaring prices .
They also seek efficient governance , economic reforms to stimulate growth , the ouster of collaborators , democratic rights , freedom of religion -LRB- and perhaps also from religion -RRB- -- in short , a comprehensive social transformation .
He must tread between the shrapnel shards of constant Israeli military actions against the Palestinians , the ambivalence of the US about the road map , and a plethora of militant Palestinian groups seeking revenge for every one of their assassinated leaders .
A deadly civil war would surely ensue if the Palestinian Authority seeks to crush Palestinian militants at a time of relentless Israeli attacks and no tangible progress in the peace talks .
Israel , which withdrew unilaterally to the periphery of Gaza in September 2005 , has been seeking to prevent Palestinian resistance fighters from lobbing rockets into its territory .
But instead of bashing or seeking to undermine Al Jazeera , politicians should encourage this bastion of free expression , recognizing that Arabs will need to endure a messy process on the way to democracy .
RAMALLAH -- A political leader 's decision not to seek re-election usually triggers fervent discussion about potential heirs .
At the same time , no PLO official is likely to seek the presidency without Abbas 's approval , which he will withhold until a new mechanism for ending the occupation is found .
The same people that Obama had called on in his Cairo speech to seek democracy had now formed the most important nonviolent movement the world had seen in decades .
Once again , Palestinians accepted Obama 's formula , while Netanyahu publicly rejected it , leaving Palestinians with no other nonviolent alternative but to go to the UN to seek a state based on the 1967 borders .
Moreover , as a state -LRB- even with observer status -RRB- , Palestine could seek legal relief from the International Court of Justice .
To counter this , Abbas will have to seek external Arab and international support .
Why do the Baltic nations seek membership in the Atlantic Alliance ?
So we seek enhanced regional security and stability and see NATO as the most effective means to deliver these .
NATO membership is the free choice of aspiring members to seek , and of current members to accept .
If neutrality and EU membership are not viable security options , some say that we should seek guarantees that fall short of NATO membership .
Gamal could seek to dispel this perception by publicly making examples of regime cronies involved in excesses .
Moreover , they may worry that heirs apparent will seek to force them out of office prematurely .
Now Ukraine 's people may face a similar test after supporters of Viktor Yanukovich threatened to seek autonomy should the rightful winner of the country 's presidential vote , Viktor Yushchenko , actually become president .
Recreating a state-led economy based on natural gas will promote rent-seeking and a lethargic form of corporatism .
All this has caused Bush to seek to accommodate -- verbally , at least -- the will of an overwhelming majority of Americans to conserve energy .
Immigrants are not an invading army ; they are mostly people seeking a better life who are drawn to Europe by the huge demand for workers to fill the low-end jobs that our aging and increasingly wealthy societies rely on , but which our increasingly well-educated and comfortable citizens are unwilling to take .
The most adventurous and ambitious could seek fame and fortune in the colonies of Africa and Asia .
They also participate successfully in a market economy while seeking to preserve an egalitarian social model .
They can be emotional -LRB- anxiety , depression , hypochondria , and alienation -RRB- , cognitive -LRB- loss of concentration or recall , inability to learn new things , be creative , make decisions -RRB- , behavioural -LRB- abuse of drugs , alcohol , and tobacco , refusal to seek or accept treatment -RRB- , or physiological -LRB- neuroendocrine and immunological dysfunction -RRB- .
Wen , who had been bogged down by the bureaucracy , had been seeking to counter it by expanding the media 's openness and transparency .
The EU could work towards a common arms-export policy by seeking a shared understanding of the predictability and stability of third-party countries .
That is all the more reason to seek open , confidence-reinforcing discussions among allies .
President Yoweri Museveni , who is widely credited for integrating Uganda into world markets , has said that globalization is `` the same old order with new means of control , new means of oppression , new means of marginalization '' by rich countries seeking to secure access to developing country markets .
For the last couple of years , the FARC , many of whose leaders believe that they `` win '' simply by prolonging the conflict , has been seeking ways -- for example , a humanitarian exchange and political recognition -- to ease the military pressure that it has faced since Uribe came to power .
Russia is by no means seeking to isolate itself .
But such disputes never spill over into the broad public sphere ; members of the elite are primarily concerned about social and political stability and would not stir the public by seeking support for an alternative policy course .
The same can be said of Uruguay 's interest in a Free Trade Treaty with the US , as it is seeking alternatives outside of the region 's Mercosur group , and Bush remains keen on bilateral trade deals .
Indeed , these governments promote constitutional reforms that seek to authorize perpetual re-election and supposedly new forms of participation that , in fact , hollow out representative democracy from within .
The economy 's most dynamic industries -- namely , mining and tourism -- are reserved for the military , which manages them in a business-like , profit-seeking way .
Hence , poverty reduction efforts must seek to provide incentives that will encourage the poor to acquire assets and capabilities that will enable them to escape poverty in the future .
Negotiating a follow-up treaty to the Kyoto Protocol , they argue , requires that we seek even deeper cuts in the pollution that causes global warming .
As always where demand exceeds supply , people may not accept waiting their turn -- and other countries and other peoples ' bodies give them the alternative they seek .
All you can find are newsreaders from national television covering the smiling faces of people who come back to Hongdong to seek their roots and pay homage to their ancestors .
Indeed , were it not for the 400 fathers who petitioned for the rescue of their kidnapped children who had been sold into slavery , Hongdong County would still remain a tourism hot spot for Chinese people seeking their roots .
NEWPORT BEACH -- As we all struggle to comprehend the economic and financial impact of Japan 's calamity , it is tempting to seek historical analogies for guidance .
Just as China has signed a free-trade agreement with ASEAN , India will seek to do so .
Russia 's security forces need to learn to be pro-active , because the terrorists consistently seek to perfect their deadly methods .
As for me , I realize that in seeking Lebanon 's presidency , we must look to the future .
In the Middle East , the US confronts Iran , which seeks to expand its power by any means it can , to oust neighboring countries ' governments in favor of ideologically sympathetic forces , and ultimately to evict America from the region .
Residual traces of totalitarian thinking can also be found in the hostility to former dissidents like Adam Michnik or Václav Havel , both of whom argued that the new democracies should not exploit resentments or seek revenge , as the totalitarian state did , but instead build a new national consensus to structure and empower a genuine civil society .
Moreover , Pakistan 's fear of vilification and failure has given birth to an increasingly paranoid brand of Islam that seeks to impose stricter controls -- on education , women 's rights , dancing , beardlessness , and sex -- and close society to all forms of modernity .
It has become more rigorous in it s applications due to the influence of militant Islam , which seeks to use religious texts to legitimize escalating brutality , especially against women .
When tax evasion is extremely common , taxpayers are likely to experience high transaction and psychological costs in resorting to tax auditors to enforce the issuing of receipts . But if consumers bear the brunt of costs for reporting violations to the authorities , subsidies may induce them to seek out vendors willing to offer legal transactions .
But Koizumi 's reforms seemed to abandon not only rent-seekers , but also the disadvantaged who had relied on the state 's protectionist measures .
The DPJ 's leader , Ichiro Ozawa , seems to be opting for the obstructionist approach favored by the bureaucrats , which will seek to bring not only a populist reversal of Koizumi 's economic and political reforms , but the shelving of Abe 's civil-service reforms as well .
Indeed , the few trade unionists , intellectuals , and others who challenge these regimes usually do not seek to change how the state functions , but rather to ensure that , as they put it , they get their `` turn to eat . ''
In trying to depict its current dealings with Africa as `` win-win '' cooperation , China deliberately seeks to portray Africa 's current relations with the West as exploitative .
The AU should seek legal advice , have the issue included on the agenda of the UN General Assembly , advocate the freezing of international debt payments while arbitration proceedings are taking place and secure the support of the international community , especially NGOs that have a track record in raising awareness about Africa 's debts .
What many are seeking is some form of special status within Thailand , enabling them to pursue their own cultural and religious traditions without interference from Bangkok .
We must therefore seek to enhance our cooperation and leverage our regional , multilateral , and bilateral dialogues and relationships to ensure the integrity and efficacy of these efforts .
Lithium , a mood stabilizer and neuroprotective agent , has the properties we are seeking , although its toxicity makes it less than ideal .
The government is now seeking to decontrol domestic interest rates , create a more robust domestic bond market , and finally remove capital controls .
I recognize that our Soviet `` heritage '' accounts for much of the hardship Ukraine faced in seeking its European vocation .
Feeling ourselves outcasts or at least on the margins of Europe , we seek to build a society without outsiders or outcasts .
The Party has moved far from its old Leninist ideals , as it seeks support nowadays through a witch 's brew of Russian nationalism , hyper-orthodox Christianity , and `` state Stalinism . ''
By that time , we had already become aware that interests in organ commerce were constantly intensifying , and that those in need of organs or money were increasingly likely to turn to the black market or seek a legal loophole that would allow them to conceal the commercial transaction behind some legitimate gesture .
Much of Europe already suffers from under-performing labor markets in which job seekers and would-be employers either ca n't or wo n't find one another .
If Berlusconi returns to office , he will again seek strong cooperation with the United States , the path now being followed by French President Nicolas Sarkozy and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown .
A second component consists of former Ba'athist officials seeking a return to power .
At the same time , the $ 2 billion oil pipeline that China is seeking to build from Burma 's southern coast to China 's Yunnan province will allow China to get Middle East oil to its southern provinces more easily and securely .
But the fear that rogue scientists will take advantage of athletes -- or that athletes will seek to enroll in gene-transfer experiments in an attempt to receive some undetectable performance benefit -- is very real .
This means that the country seeking information must produce a substantiated request , naming the taxable person and the specific bank in question or describing them in sufficient detail .
Despair not only for the victims of violence , but for the cynicism of those politicians , such as Gujarat 's Chief Minister Narendra Modi , who seek to justify lawlessness , violence and even murder of minority members by the majority Hindus .
But instead of seeking to encourage these civic -LRB- and economic -RRB- virtues , the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party -LRB- BJP -RRB- use threats of communal violence to boost its electoral ends .
Of course , the BJP is not alone in seeking to exploit India 's religious and caste divisions .
She is seeking to become the first woman President of the French Republic .
Germany would no longer seek a seat , Italy would not feel left out , and Europe 's international identity would be strengthened in a spectacular way .
The Eternal Wall PARIS -- Walls designed to keep people in or out -- whether they are in Berlin , Nicosia , Israel , or Korea -- are always the product of fear : East German leaders ' fear of a mass exodus by their citizens seeking freedom and dignity ; Greek and Turkish Cypriot leaders ' fear of continued war ; Israelis ' fear of terrorism ; or the North Korean leadership 's fear of `` abandonment '' by their martyred people .
But the US is no longer the country that others seek to emulate , or that they look to for global leadership .
We neither could nor should seek to put an end to globalization .
Indeed , as these initiatives suggest , rapprochement with Brazil and Mercosur appears to be Cuba 's best international alternative as Raúl Castro seeks to avoid falling into America 's economic orbit .
According to one of the firms , `` investment conditions are unclear in Iran , '' and it left without even seeking compensation for its 60 % share in a company it had created .
Syria 's side of the bargain will invariably need to be an end to its support for Hezbollah in Lebanon , for which it will likely seek the return of the Golan Heights .
Few Party officials really wanted to be troubled by the complexities of such calculations anyway , but either abided by them or paid them lip service , for the sake of maintaining patronage and seeking promotion .
This is the central problem confronting the world as it seeks to forge a framework to combat climate change .
And they should seek to calm anger and defuse outrage , which can be a serious threat to liberal democracy .
Merchants who seek to build their business on a strong base of regular customers are unlikely to engage in fraud . Companies that want to attract and retain investors strive for financial transparency .
Islamist candidates were in an awkward position , seeking support from women voters , whose participation they opposed .
Political leaders should also seek to stabilize defense budgets by creating separate funds for unforeseen multilateral peacekeeping operations , like the Balkans and Afghanistan , and by putting defense planning on a multi-year rather than an annual cycle .
Over the next three years , the aptly named Extraordinary Chambers will seek to produce a measure of legal accountability for one of the worst genocides of the twentieth century .
Draft legislation seeks to make criminal defamation a permanent fixture , and includes new provisions making it an offense to criticize a court ruling .
It deserves the attention and support of all those who seek a better future for a vast country that has long endured plunder and misrule .
The UN has been useful as a forum for adopting standards , but its machinery for seeking compliance with those standards is weak and has been badly compromised over the years by its failure to address grotesque abuses .
Europe is seeking to diversify supply , and Russia its demand -- though neither is doing so very successfully .
The West ca n't change Russia 's behavior with persuasion , so it must try to use its leverage : make the Nabucco pipeline bypassing Russia a reality , build LNG terminals , include energy in Europe 's Common Foreign and Security Policy , diversify supply , and screen companies seeking capital in London 's stock exchange more carefully .
There are strong indications that even this group is seeking compromise .
Only one of every three job seekers finds a job , but the overproduction is probably worthwhile , for it ensures that as a replaceable neuron dies , there will already be , in its vicinity , a younger one ready to take its place .
The demand for more democratic input , finally , also seeks to influence research priorities .
The relentless competition for talent and skills is being underscored daily by the increases in R&D investment in China and India , whose growing middle classes are only too keen to seek better educational opportunities for their children .
Initiatives aimed at fostering scientific excellence in Europe , like one recently launched in Germany that officially defined three universities , all in the southern part of the country , as `` excellent '' -LRB- qualifying them for extra funding -RRB- , seek to make universities more attractive and thus more competitive .
Seen from Washington , Europe 's attention-seeking and responsibility-shirking behavior appears infantile .
But it may mean we can understand each other a bit better and be more patient as we seek communication .
You can tell the nation more about your values by saying where you will seek a dog for your daughters than you can through reams of unread position papers .
In Liberia , Bush called for Taylor 's resignation as a precondition for constructive dialogue and a more active involvement by the US in seeking a peaceful solution to the 15 years of internecine war that ruined the country 's economy and infrastructure , as well inciting wars in most of its neighbors .
President Bush 's new strategic doctrine says that while the US will seek to enlist the support of the international community for its policies , America will not hesitate to act alone if necessary to exercise its right of self defense .
But , without a degree of prudence based upon comprehension of the context , visions turn from grand to grandiose and undercut the values that they seek to promote .
The only way to achieve the type of transformation in the Middle East that the Bush administration seeks is by working with others and avoiding the backlash that arises when America acts as a unilateral , imperial power .
That means that Condoleezza Rice 's chief task as Secretary of State will be to make American foreign policy more consultative in style as she seeks a political solution in Iraq and progress on Middle East peace .
Bush not only chose to visit Brussels , the capital of the European Union , on his February trip to Europe , but stated that what `` we seek to achieve in the world requires that America and Europe remain close partners . ''
At a minimum , Bush will need to pursue policies -- in a more consultative manner -- that seek a political solution in Iraq and progress in the Israel-Palestine peace process .
While both India and the US seek trade and good relations with China , both are aware -- and wary -- of China 's growing strength .
Thus , both seek to hedge their bets , and what better way to do so than by improving their strategic relationship ?
China wants to preserve its access to Iranian oil , and Russia seeks to preserve a valuable commercial market .
Some believe that China can not rise peacefully , and will seek hegemony in East Asia , leading to conflict with the United States and Japan .
Fortunately , there are signs that both China and Japan are seeking to back away from the impasse of recent years .
Some Democratic activists seek an immediate withdrawal and are pressing for Congress to cut off funding for the war , but that is unlikely .
But some observers fear that the incumbent DPP President Chen Shui-bian will seek a pretext to prevent a defeat for the pro-sovereignty camp .
Already , some Chinese suspect the US of seeking an independent Taiwan as an `` unsinkable aircraft carrier '' for use against a future Chinese enemy .
Managers are described as those who merely embrace processes and seek stability , while leaders tolerate risk and create change .
Roosevelt never thought that staffs had a monopoly on judgment or information , and has been described as seeking advice from anybody he could : cabinet members , congressmen , newspaper columnists , interest groups , citizens , and friends .
It makes little sense to declare war on a tactic , and experience has proven that the terminology merely reinforces the narrative that bin Laden seeks to promote , which is why Britain now avoids the phrase .
But now , with the Japanese experiencing a period of domestic political uncertainty , and North Korea 's nuclear tests and missile launches increasing their anxiety , will Japan reverse its long-standing decision not to seek a national nuclear-deterrent capability ?
As the writer Robert Kagan concluded in the revision of his book in which he declared Europeans to be from Venus and Americans from Mars , it turns out that Americans seeking democratic legitimization of their policies and self-images can not escape Europe .
If China 's hard power frightens its neighbors , they are likely to seek such insurance policies , and the US is likely to be the major provider .
Unless China develops its `` soft power , '' the rise in its military and economic power is likely to frighten its neighbors into seeking coalitions to balance its rise . It is as if Mexico and Canada sought an alliance with China to balance US power in North America .
In addition to rehabilitating many Milosevic-era figures and refusing to arrest indicted war criminal General Ratko Maldic , Kostunica often speaks contemptuously about the EU and insists that if the EU recognizes Kosovo 's independence , Serbia will turn away from Europe and seek closer relations with Russia .
Industrialized economies are seeking to recover from the crisis , and want credit and capital to stay home to boost growth , while developing countries have little interest in gaining short-term capital inflows .
Estimates by the International Monetary Fund and the United Nations indicate that the volume of international trade in 2010 will still be 7 % to 8 % below its 2008 peak , while many or most countries , including industrial nations , are seeking to boost their current accounts .
Chinese authorities certainly seem to have that interpretation of the roots of Japan 's malaise in mind as they seek to avoid rapid revaluation .
If Europeans continue to build institutions that seek to satisfy all EU member states , they - individually and collectively - will be doomed to play a minor role on the global stage .
It is hardly surprising , then , that Chinese officials have begun to seek more diverse and profitable investment possibilities worldwide .
Turkey 's secular , capitalistic , democratic order has become especially valuable to the Bush administration as it seeks to integrate the wider Middle East into the world system by liberalizing its economy and democratizing its polity .
But she has a point , too : Kadima won more seats than Likud , disproved prophecies of doom , and emerged as the only major party with an optimistic and peace-seeking message .
Over the years , that system had been captured by self-interested rent-seekers .
Toledo had every reason to seek Villanueva 's help : as everyone knows , despite being locked up at the Callao Naval Base , Vladimiro Montesinos continues to exercise influence and can find ways to bring down Toledo 's government .
They believe that government intervention tends to generate its own costly failures because of bureaucratic incompetence and rent-seeking , whereby private interests try to steer policy to their own advantage .
Not surprisingly , my party is now seeking to return to power in the next election .
Iran says that it seeks no more than its own ability to produce nuclear power .
Nor would I seek to downplay the full horror of what has happened .
With the gap between the world 's rich and poor increasing , the impoverished South seeks a home or a job in the developed North .
Finally , even after Bush -- who became so unpopular in Europe -LRB- not always fairly -RRB- -- the European Union will find it hard to become the partner in tackling global problems that America needs and seeks .
So when , as a presidential candidate , McCain said that , if elected , he would seek to work with Democrats and independents , and that he would search for consensus , it was easy to believe him .
But , given his unwillingness to seek support for his regime and his policies from the ballot box , Musharraf succeeded in undermining both .
Polls show Musharraf 's support has fallen to a third of the population , and that two-thirds oppose his seeking another presidential term .
So it is little wonder that the Saudis , Jordanians , Egyptians , and the Gulf states are seeking to resist Iran 's hegemonic ambitions in the region .
Within the framework of this project , we are seeking to halt the dehydration of the Dead Sea , build a joint airport and a joint water network with Jordan , and develop tourism infrastructure , at a cost of up to $ 5 billion .
It should accept the concerns of its neighbors , seek to develop its own ideas for regional confidence - and security building , and participate in efforts to create regional security arrangements .
Iran is entitled to seek assurances against externally forced regime change .
But it can not have it both ways , seeking guarantees against regime change at home , and promoting it in its neighborhood .
Withdrawal of European companies is delaying necessary investments and forcing Iranian firms to seek less-favored alternatives , mainly in China and Russia .
New EU programs should mainly aim at strengthening the specific capacities of Tunisia , Egypt , and others , and seek opportunities that benefit both sides of the Mediterranean .
And start-up loans from Europe would make it much easier to seek one 's fortune back home .
This December , the Center on Capitalism and Society is meeting in Berlin , just weeks after commemorations of the fall of the Berlin wall . The meeting is intended to seek ways to streamline and buttress complex and stumbling economies so that they possess the dynamism that delivers high prosperity -- plentiful jobs and ample job satisfaction .
Those of us who , at the Berlin conference and elsewhere , seek to rebuild economies for greater dynamism must do so with awareness of these economic realities .
The process does not constitute a unified , reasoned debate so much as an ongoing political auction in which special interests seek votes for the policy change that will benefit them .
COPENHAGEN -- As the world continues to debate the impact of climate-change while seeking a new global treaty to prevent it , Kenya has endured a prolonged drought followed by heavy flooding .
The Kremlin appears to be seeking systematically to obstruct the US , even when obstruction does not seem to be in Russia 's national interest .
Diplomatic obstruction is not the only means Russian elites use to foster antagonism with the US . They also seek to inflame domestic public opinion .
He has appointed Anand Panyarachun , a former Thai prime minister who recently headed a United Nations reform panel , to select and direct a blue-ribbon national commission to seek reconciliation with the southern separatists .
Poverty will lead to more migrants seeking to move , whether legally or not , to rich nations .
He then appeals to the values of humanity , compassion , and mercy as `` the beliefs we seek to live by '' and frames his decision as being true to Scottish values .
Hasnain , who is currently conducting a study of the accumulation of black carbon on snow at high altitudes in the Himalayas , is not some egotistical scientist seeking the limelight .
The sledgehammer of invasion could easily cause far more harm than the ills it seeks to stamp out .
Most are bright , creative , and productive in their own right , but they do not seek desperately to dissociate themselves from him , establish their own little fiefdoms elsewhere , and beat him at his own game .
Unfortunately , one of the unwritten laws of academia -- unquestioned by the committee on which I serve -- is that a candidate who does not seek and grasp the holy grail of `` independence '' is not qualified to be promoted .
Politicians who seek scapegoats might argue that they mean no harm to their targets , and that they are helping their societies to avoid worse possibilities .
For example , households and investment managers , reluctant to keep money in safe money-market funds , instead seek to invest in securities with longer maturities and higher credit risk , so long as they offer extra yield .
Beyond truth seeking , the IAEA has taken a leadership role in promoting new initiatives to reduce weapons proliferation .
These sobering prospects should prompt all involved to seek a peaceful resolution .
This suggests that the US should seek out an overarching strategy to discipline its impulses to fight wars of choice or engage in nation-building efforts .
The 100 most indebted countries still find the burden of servicing their collective $ 2.3 trillion in official debt increasingly hard to bear , leaving them hard put to finance national programs spelled out by the UN 's Millennium Development Goals -LRB- MDG 's -RRB- , which seek to halve global poverty by 2015 .
Understandably , the opposition Democratic Progressive Party -LRB- DPP -RRB- has taken the stand that Taiwan should seek closer ties with ASEAN countries rather than depend too much on Mainland China , but Ma does not see the two efforts as being mutually exclusive .
Our proposal seeks to retain the Convention 's idea of limiting the number of portfolios in the Commission while giving all commissioners full voting rights .
Denmark seeks an ambitious result in the institutional negotiations .
Governments and institutions like the IMF must keep this in mind as they seek to ensure a durable economic recovery that will benefit all of the world 's people .
The unemployment rate at the end of 2009 was above 10 % , duration of joblessness was the longest since the Great Depression , millions had had their working hours cut , and millions more were too discouraged by a lack of jobs to seek work .
Young people seeking their first jobs and experienced workers who lose jobs in a weak job market suffer economic losses that will last their entire lives .
Together , the conventions and protocols form what is misleadingly called international humanitarian law -LRB- IHL -RRB- , but which in fact regulate war -- seeking to limit its effects , regardless of the rights and wrongs involved , and to restrict its methods , even in battles undertaken in a just cause .
Whether he is seeking to reform France 's judicial system , redrawing its administrative map , proposing a new alliance of Mediterranean countries , or seeming to end France 's ambiguous foreign policy of being both aligned and not aligned with the United States , Sarkozy is nothing if not ambitious .
The new Plan 's second pro-consumption initiative will seek to boost wages .
Heavily dependent on Western markets , Asia must seek support from a new source of demand .
Foreign direct investment . Modern China has long been a magnet for global multinational corporations seeking both efficiency and a toehold in the world 's most populous market .
Unfortunately , rather than debating Goldstone 's detailed findings and the merits of his recommendations on ways to move forward , there are indications that governments may focus instead on the process leading up to the investigation and seek to limit full discussion of the report .
I have no doubt that those involved were seeking a way forward that would allow for a full investigation and help overcome the political divisiveness currently undermining the Human Rights Council within the UN system .
Moreover , Sarkozy is seeking to intensify cooperation for development in the whole Mediterranean area . He began with a presidential trip to Algiers , then to Tripoli , followed by ministerial trips to Beirut .
They must seek sequential , cumulative change rather than a single , all-inclusive breakthrough .
They all provide some degree of effective property rights protection and contract enforcement , maintain macroeconomic stability , seek to integrate into the world economy , and ensure an appropriate environment for productive diversification and innovation .
The best-designed policies are always contingent on local conditions , making use of pre-existing advantages and seeking to overcome domestic constraints .
As international bureaucracies with a penchant for `` best practices '' and common standards , these institutions are woefully unsuited to the task of seeking innovative , unique pathways suited to each country 's particular circumstances .
So , what should they seek ?
Governments can too easily end up in the pockets of business , resulting in cronyism and rent-seeking instead of economic growth .
The Case Against International Financial Coordination CAMBRIDGE -- When US President Barack Obama announced in late January his intention to seek tough new rules for banks , he was n't expecting to make friends on Wall Street .
Of course , mining can not absorb so many workers , so the rest of the Malawian labor force must seek jobs in considerably less productive parts of the economy .
Often , leaders seek the engagement only to legitimize their rule , in which case the foreign adviser should simply stay away .
Italy 's Fiat illustrates the problem : even a conservative government seeks to impede downsizing .
CAMBRIDGE -- To reduce the chance that a financial meltdown like that of 2007-2008 will recur , regulators are now seeking to buttress institutions for the longer-run -- at least when they can turn their attention from immediate crises like those of Greece 's debt , America 's ceiling on governmental borrowing , and the potential eurozone contagion from sovereign debt to bank debt .
The IMF really does need to listen to its critics and constantly to seek better ways to accomplish its aims .
US Treasury secretaries have always loved to lecture their foreign colleagues on America 's economic perfection , and why every country should seek to emulate it .
As a result , whenever the Fed cuts interest rates , it puts pressure on the whole `` dollar bloc '' to follow suit , lest their currencies appreciate as investors seek higher yields .
European banks remain balkanized , with a patchwork of national regulators seeking to promote their own champions .
Wo n't high prices cause people to conserve on consumption and seek out new sources of supply ?
In the short run , the yen and the dollar continue to benefit from a flight to safety , as panicked investors seek a place to hide .
The Limits of Dubai Cambridge -- Global investors are in a giant huff over Dubai 's decision to allow its flagship private company Dubai World to seek a six-month standstill -LRB- implying at least partial default -RRB- on payments on some $ 26 billion in debt .
Of course , I may be far too optimistic in thinking that the tragedy in the Gulf will spur a more sensible energy policy that attempts to moderate consumption rather than constantly seeking new ways to fuel it .
With a baseline scenario of recession or sluggish growth amid budget austerity for years ahead , Portugal will likely seek help sooner rather than later .
As European policymakers seek to move from one stage of denial to another , perhaps it is time to start looking ahead more realistically .
It will remain very tempting for each generation to say , `` My grandchildren will be two or three times richer than I , so who cares if they have to pay some debt ? '' Moreover , the political cycle creates a very strong deficit bias , as leaders seek to embellish feelings of economic health and prosperity by raising visible expenditures at the cost of hidden debts and lower long-term investment .
The IMF needs to bring much more of this brand of skepticism to its assessment of eurozone debt dynamics , instead of constantly seeking strained assumptions that would make the debt appear sustainable .
So , rather than finance the European Union 's institutions through greater contributions from existing tax bases , they are seeking a consensus for new revenue sources .
Recent attempts by Filipino lawyers to prosecute civil claims for environmental tort and human rights abuses before American courts demonstrate just how desperate Filipino claimants are to seek redress against those who have acted negligently or with impunity .
Meanwhile , all over Guatemala , thousands of communities are seeking to exhume the graves of the massacred .
The report recommended that NATO open its door to new members while seeking a more constructive relationship with Russia .
As a result , one can not rule out that by late 2010 or 2011 , a perfect storm of oil above $ 100 a barrel , rising government-bond yields , and tax increases -LRB- as governments seek to avoid debt-refinancing risks -RRB- may lead to a renewed growth slowdown , if not an outright double-dip recession .
The IMF has , however , become far more neutral than it is given credit for -- though it could take more steps to distance itself from its past . These include abolishing any region or country 's right to appoint IMF management ; allowing the Fund to borrow from markets , so that it does not have to keep seeking key countries ' permission to expand ; eliminating any country 's official veto power over major decisions ; and having its agenda set by the IMFC rather than outside bodies .
Brazil 's own High Court , for example , had recently sustained the constitutionality of the amnesty law , which was supported by successive Brazilian governments , all of which -- including Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva 's center-left administration -- evaded seeking accountability for the crimes committed by Brazil 's former military dictatorship .
Turkey seeks to contribute to regional and global peace by facilitating democratic reforms domestically and implementing a principled foreign policy .
Assuming that terrorist attacks against Israel are going to continue under any circumstances , he seeks to improve the country 's strategic position to handle this war .
Those truly concerned with the Palestinians ' well-being should direct their criticism at that people 's leaders and seek to protect their human rights in the Gaza Strip .
Logically , Fatah should now embrace moderation , crack down on cross-border terrorism , and seek some kind of peace with Israel .
Hamas 's takeover of Gaza is a victory for the bloc comprising Iran , Syria , and Hezbollah , as well as the separate branches of the Muslim Brotherhood -LRB- of which Hamas is one -RRB- seeking to capture power in their own countries .
The party will be able to form a government by itself , but will lack the two-thirds majority needed to bring about some of the big changes that it seeks .
Is it a conservative party of good government that seeks equality for Islam in the public sphere , as its leaders usually suggest , or an Islamist wolf in moderate sheep 's clothing , as its enemies fear ?
The moderate strategy seeks an independent Palestine state as quickly as possible , on the assumption that once there is no more Israeli presence or violence , the Palestinians can concentrate on constructive pursuits , including resettling refugees and improving living standards .
Finally , there is the revolutionary Islamist vision espoused by Hamas , which seeks to continue fighting and using terrorism , regardless of how much time it takes and lives it costs , until it defeats both Israel and Palestinian secular nationalists .
But the most powerful alternative to the status quo are powerful Islamist opposition movements that have no real answers for these ailments and merely seek to impose another flavor of dictatorship .
This contact group could promote dialogue between India and Pakistan about their respective interests in Afghanistan and about finding a solution to the Kashmir dispute ; seek a long-term political strategy from the Pakistani government for the future of the tribal agencies ; move Afghanistan and Pakistan toward discussions on frontier issues , and promote a regional plan for economic development and integration .
Extremists have targeted all civilized societies across the globe : in New York and Washington ; Istanbul ; Madrid ; Beslan ; Bali ; and more . They do not seek an armistice with the civilized world .
It is often argued that Continental Europe 's social and economic model , which seeks to combine competitiveness with solidarity , is the glue that binds the European Union together , as well as distinguishing Europe from the American -LRB- or Anglo-Saxon -RRB- free-market model .
With zero growth and 10 % unemployment , Western Europe 's `` Rhineland model '' is no longer what countries seeking to undertake root-and-branch social and economic reform want to emulate .
Many warmongers in Washington , including apparently some in the White House , are seeking to expand their endless military campaign to Iran and Syria .
Our independent media need to seek out voices not only of the warmongers who make so much noise , but also of civil society leaders whose voices we do not regularly hear .
Stability will come only when economic opportunities exist , when a bulging generation of young men can find jobs and support families , rather than seeking their fortune in violence .
History can be made in Madrid at the end of January , when the world 's richest and poorest countries converge to seek solutions to the global hunger crisis .
Cooperation with the US will , by itself , increasingly become a disqualification for Iraqi political leaders seeking real support within their own communities .
The billions of dollars that the US seeks should be directed towards true global emergencies , such as the fight against AIDS and hunger .
The export\/GNP ratio has risen from 8 % in 1990 to 13 % in 2001 , a sign that Brazil is beginning to seek out world markets .
When the millennium opened , world leaders pledged to seek peace , the end of poverty , and a cleaner environment .
With the Republican-controlled Congress seeking to make the tax cuts for the rich permanent , the world is beginning to realize that America 's budget deficits are now entrenched , with no end in sight .
Thus , even as the Bush administration and some scientific contrarians pretend that there is no problem , US corporate leaders are seeking practical solutions .
The desire to exact revenge on Musharraf for stifling democracy and failing to provide Bhutto with sufficient security will only inflame a political atmosphere that Pakistani liberals seek to de-radicalize .
Rather , the main problem with oil booms is that they give rise to a series of pathologies -- rent seeking , patronage , corruption , plunder -- that corrode vital domestic public institutions and undermine governance .
Lebanon , argues Paul Salem , may provide a guide for those Iraqis who seek a constitution that can reconcile the country 's Shi-ite , Sunni , Kurdish and Turkmen communities .
The Gospel of St. John says , `` In the Beginning was the Word '' ; the first word that was revealed to the prophet Muhammad by the Angel Gabriel was `` Read ... '' Among the Prophet 's sayings is , `` It is the duty of every Muslim man and woman to seek learning . ''
Naturally , they declare friendship with Fidel Castro and seek his embrace to prevent old comrades from accusing them of betraying their legacy .
With China seeking to secure exclusive access to energy resources in Africa and the Russian energy giant Gazprom seeking de facto control of Western companies by investing billions of euros in them , Europe can no longer afford to take a wait-and-see approach .
But there also seems to be a bit of a reaction against the `` new kids on the block , '' namely multinational enterprises from emerging markets , especially when these are state-owned and seek to enter the US market through mergers and acquisitions .
The financial crisis and recession may dampen the rise of FDI protectionism , as countries seek capital to shore up local firms and increase investment to help them promote economic recovery .
Nor should it seek to play into the regional agendas of Saudi Arabia , Egypt , and Jordan -- hardly paragons of democracy -- which are anxious to confront what they portray as a menacing `` arc '' of Shi'a Muslim power extending from Iran to Lebanon via Syria , and in Iraq .
In short , the West needs to pre-empt a resumption of hostilities in Lebanon by seeking unconditional talks between Syria and Israel over the Golan Heights .
But in recognizing South Korea , China took greater care than , say , Russia , in seeking to ameliorate North Korea 's anxieties .
Well aware of the complexities and hazards -- and seeking to avoid alienating any of the parties -- China is willing to play the role of convener , but not adjudicator , of an American-North Korean dialogue .
Some , looking at CDU\/CSU candidate for Chancellor Edmund Stoiber 's emphasis on Bavaria 's economic success , will seek to portray the coalition as shaded dangerously by the `` anything goes '' market conservatism practiced in America .
Far from being willing to coerce people to live in a certain way , German conservatives seek a politics that recognizes limits - the limits of the state , the market , and the individual .
This is of particular importance for our ideas about the European Union , where we seek an effective balance between the nation and Europe .
In essence , the form of government we seek within Germany and across Europe is built on a sense of moral discourse and moral decision-making rather than on the supposedly eternal truth of some abstract political concept .
Indeed , any national leadership that anticipates the new research , development , manufacturing , and trade possibilities that will grow out of this new imperative may find itself positioned for exactly the kind of sustained economic growth that every country seeks .
Indeed , Yomiuri 's report may well have helped convince Japan 's new prime minister , Shinzo Abe , to go to China immediately after being elected in to seek better bilateral relations .
That , in turn , requires a society and a leadership that seeks to be exemplary in all ways that make human beings more human , including respect for truthfulness , openness , tolerance , and people 's right to disagree with their government .
But Luo Yuan , a senior colonel at the Chinese Academy of Military Sciences , recently declared that if Taiwan 's leaders `` refuse to come to their senses and continue to use referenda as an excuse to seek independence , they will push -LRB- their -RRB- compatriots into the abyss of war . ''
This was another urgent trip by Ban to a war-torn capital , as part of his regular duties as the UN 's chief representative , seeking to uphold peace and restore global comity .
Two of the assailants are injured in the course of the fight and arrested after seeking medical assistance at a hospital .
The type of social unrest recently witnessed in Greece may spread , because the downturn is likely to take a disproportionate toll on Europe 's young people , who are seeking jobs at a time when hard-pressed European businesses will be able to offer them very few .
Moreover , without a new PCA , individual European countries may feel it necessary to seek even more bilateral agreements with Russia .
During the 1990 's , the US and Europe erred in treating Russia with benign neglect . It would be a mistake for Russia to respond in kind today by seeking to prolong the PCA negotiations in the hope that a possibly more amenable EU president may one day offer softer terms .
In principle , workers can seek remedies by joining a union and bargaining collectively .
So Russia 's liberals and democrats face a harsh choice : do they support Putin 's personal authoritarianism or seek to weaken and delegitimize him and thus restore the role of an ascendant bureaucracy ?
For those who seek a democratic and liberal Russia , the quandary is awful , because to delegitimize Putin only risks bringing darker and more archaic powers to the surface .
After all , people who fear losing their jobs may seek greater economic security by investing in real property in their own wealthy country , bidding up prices in the process .
A huge number of elderly people would mean a lot of people wanting to live in certain locations , seeking certain kinds of living quarters , and consuming certain kinds of services .
Previously , private investors in the US simply did not lend to mortgage seekers whose credit history was below prime .
They theorize that `` bull markets are characterized by ambiguity-seeking behavior and bear markets by ambiguity-avoiding behavior . ''
Firms are discovering that their competitors with business-method patents may seek to block them from improving their business strategies .
With the coming of globalization , seed companies were allowed to sell seeds for which the companies had certified their safety . In the case of genetically engineered seed , these companies are again seeking self-regulation for bio-safety .
Zimbabwe 's Plight , South Africa 's Responsibility JOHANNESBURG -- Morgan Tsvangirai 's withdrawal from the presidential run-off scheduled for June 27 , and his decision to seek the protection of the Dutch embassy in Pretoria , has secured for Zimbabwe 's President Robert Mugabe a Pyrrhic victory .
Whatever Irish voters intended by rejecting the treaty , socio-economic change will continue to force the EU to seek new forms of organization , combining inter-governmental and federal approaches .
Skeptics doubt that foreign aid really helps . Millennium Promise seeks to respond to that skepticism one village at a time .
If an incurably ill patient can refuse burdensome treatment , knowing that this refusal will mean his or her death , why should an incurably ill patient who is not being kept alive by any medical treatment , but finds that the illness itself makes life burdensome , be unable to seek assistance in escaping that burden ?
The city is also seeking less energy-intensive designs for new buildings .
Patients , too , may fail to seek treatment , because mental illness still carries a stigma that can make it harder to acknowledge than a physical illness .
They invited charities to apply for grants of $ 25,000 in five broad humanitarian categories , with the application process demanding the kind of information that they had been seeking .
When a family seeks treatment that , in the professional judgment of the physicians , is not in the patient 's best interests , the answer should be : not far at all .
The Great Ape Project seeks to change the way we think about great apes , and ultimately , about animals in general .
To prevent that , we seek to shore up our current intention to lose weight .
That is the opposite of the ethical attitude to animals that we should be seeking to impart to children .
Predictably , some accuse Google of seeking to impose its own values on a foreign culture .
In a world in which terrorists have committed atrocities and threaten to commit more , to seek complete government transparency is utopian .
Readers who go to On What Matters seeking an answer to the question posed by its title might be disappointed .
PRINCETON -- Mahatma Gandhi acutely observed that `` the greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated . '' To seek to reduce the suffering of those who are completely under one 's domination , and unable to fight back , is truly a mark of a civilized society .
The central human character , Will Rodman -LRB- played by James Franco -RRB- , is a scientist seeking a cure for Alzheimer 's disease who experiments on apes .
Many films would have glorified a scientist seeking such a goal , and treated the use of animals for that purpose as obviously justified .
MUNICH -- Why did Greece , Ireland , and Portugal have to seek shelter under the European Union 's rescue umbrella , and why is Spain a potential candidate ?
In the economists ' world , morality should not seek to control technology , but should adapt to its demands .
Herd behavior arises , Keynes thought , not from attempts to deceive , but from the fact that , in the face of the unknown , we seek safety in numbers .
The alternative regulatory approach , promoted by Nobel Laureate Paul Krugman and the chairman of Britain 's Financial Service Authority , Adair Turner , seeks to use regulation to limit risk-taking without changing the structure of the banking system .
And even though inequality of wealth and income in Britain increased in the 13 years Labor has been in power , this is thought to be something that a left-wing party might seek to correct , whereas there is no similar expectation for a party of the right .
The US does not seek to create an empire in the old sense : America pursues an imperialism of the values that it holds dear .
His intention is quite clear : `` Man 's active nature , flagging , seeks too soon the level ; Unqualified repose he learns to crave , Whence , willingly , the comrade him I gave , Who works , excites , and must create , as Devil . ''
With China , like seeks to talk to like .
With the economy in steep decline , Poland 's rulers began to seek to stabilize the political system and reestablish relations with the West .
The result was the detention of most of the senior judiciary , as well as bar association presidents across the country and all leading lawyers and human rights activists seeking to defend judicial independence .
Which child goes to what school or what public housing is offered to which asylum seeker will be of concern to many people -LRB- and views will differ -RRB- .
In mid-November , EU foreign ministers failed to agree on a common approach to Russian energy -- just as reports resurfaced that Russia may seek to establish a natural gas cartel similar to OPEC .
No politician with any common sense -LRB- which Mr Rais has in abundance -RRB- would seek to unseat Megawati at this moment , for the challenges she faces are daunting and the chances of success small .
France , the United Kingdom , Germany , and Portugal , in collaboration with the United States , presented a draft resolution before the United Nations Security Council seeking to condemn repression in Syria and put an end to the use of force against civilians .
After all , they are ordinary , profit-seeking corporations , just like the IBM of Hitler 's era .
Marine Le Pen is seeking the same path to power traveled by Italy 's Northern League , the Flemish Interest Party , Liveable Netherlands , and the Danish People 's Party , all of which first became `` soft '' populist parties .
The actual alternative to capitalism that this far left seeks is anyone 's guess .
When they bend towards the Trotskyites , they lose `` bourgeois '' supporters ; when they seek the middle ground , like the SDP in Germany , the Left Party grows .
That is what Caspian Revenue Watch , which I also support , seeks to accomplish .
Moreover , I do n't seek such influence .
`` It is the policy of the United States to seek and support the growth of democratic movements and institutions in every nation and culture , '' Bush declared , `` with the ultimate goal of ending tyranny in our world . ''
Real discussions about a new Secretary General are currently being conducted in secrecy among the permanent five , adding to the frustration of other UN members , including large powers that have been seeking without success to enlarge the Security Council .
We used to be reassured by the generalization that democratic countries seek peace .
The key to success is the education of a new generation of Roma who do not seek toassimilate into the general population , but deliberately retain their identity as Roma.Edu cated , successful Roma will shatter the prevailing negative stereotypes by their very existence .
Worried neighbors are likely to seek protection under the wings of the American eagle , reinforcing the US military budget , which is already oversized .
But those who recognize that humanity wo n't succeed in stopping war seek , instead , to contain and `` humanize '' it .
But a major obstacle to this is the existence of local rent-seeking franchises and monopolies .
Such powers seek an effective and constructive regional role , and possibly , in some instances , a global one .
South Africa seeks a wider and more influential role reinforced by its obvious standing as a regional hegemon .
Moreover , because dependence on foreign finance creates clear vulnerabilities , developing countries will seek to fund investment mainly from domestic savings , thereby limiting the size of their current-account deficits .
Put bluntly , large and profitable financial institutions will find a way to get the regulatory system they want -- one that is compatible with a highly profitable trading super-structure that goes beyond the requirements of hedging and seeks to maximize short-term gains .
The argument that this would discourage the unemployed from seeking work has merit in normal times , but not now .
This has been particularly true of the IMF as it seeks to serve its global membership , and it has triggered a critically important discussion of the Fund 's strategic direction .
The exceptional access policy , which seeks to both enhance the predictability of the Fund 's lending policy and to safeguard its financial position , is still waiting for its first real test .
But nor is Kazakhstan seeking to do so .
And , with investors seeking higher returns , more QE -- especially by the US -- will drive `` hot money '' -LRB- short-term portfolio flows -RRB- into high-yield emerging-market economies , which could inflate dangerous asset bubbles in Asia , Latin America , and elsewhere .
Since China 's multilateral surplus is the economic issue and many countries are concerned about it , the US should seek a multilateral , rules-based solution .
Commitments to transparent privatization auctions and competitive bidding for procurement reduce the scope for rent-seeking behavior .
Rather than carefully balancing the benefits of each government expenditure program with the costs of raising taxes to finance those benefits , the right seeks to use a sledgehammer -- not allowing the national debt to increase forces expenditures to be limited to taxes .
And those in this rarefied stratum often are rewarded so richly not because they have contributed more to society -- bonuses and bailouts neatly gutted that justification for inequality -- but because they are , to put it bluntly , successful -LRB- and sometimes corrupt -RRB- rent-seekers .
The rise in inequality is the product of a vicious spiral : the rich rent-seekers use their wealth to shape legislation in order to protect and increase their wealth -- and their influence .
But the EU -- indeed , every country -- should seek automatic stabilizers , policies that automatically boost the economy in a downturn .
Ten years ago this month , Russia 's parliament , the Duma , was seeking to impeach then President Boris Yeltsin , initiating a time of stalemate and struggle that ended seven months later when Yeltsin ordered tanks to fire on the Duma 's headquarters .
Horst Koehler 's departure as Managing Director of the IMF to seek election as President of Germany provides an occasion for a moment of reflection , both about the Fund and the state of economics .
American and rich country engineers and computer specialists will either have to accept a wage cut and\/or they will be forced into unemployment and\/or to seek other employment - almost surely at lower wages .
At other times simple rent-seeking behavior by officials , aided and abetted by outsiders , is the outcome .
Now the Bush Administration is seeking to create a similar cartel in steel .
A century ago America created its competition laws because of the concern that monopoly interests would seek to dominate markets by `` capturing '' government .
Changing the relationship between the Bank and the countries seeking its help was no less of an achievement .
Malaysia 's success thus should be studied both by those looking for economic prosperity and those seeking to understand how our world can live together , not just with toleration , but also with respect , sharing their common humanity and working together to achieve common goals .
Instead of seeking definitive global judgments about the risks of particular choices , it is wiser to consider the assumptions behind such advice -- since these are central in determining the conditions under which the advice is relevant .
Today , as policymakers seek new paradigms for managing the economy in 2011 and beyond , a better understanding of these linkages will be essential to promoting economic growth and reducing the risk of crises .
He seeks to advance Taiwan 's national interests without arousing the People 's Republic 's threat to use force . And he has sought to forge closer trade and transport links .
This has allowed Ma 's administration to claim credit for improving relations with China . But the fundamental causes underlying the threat of a China-Taiwan war -- and conflict between China and the US , which has long been committed to supporting Taiwan should China seek to determine its status unilaterally -- have not been removed .
At the national level , reform of social protection systems in developed countries , and the expansion of such systems in developing countries , should seek to ensure greater economic security as well as labor flexibility .
Dealing with any surge of asylum seekers will require the EU to strengthen its capacity to offer temporary protection -- and possibly to reconsider how its overall asylum system works .
The answer is almost obvious : either the government will collapse , or it will seek to poach supporters from opposition parties .
Large groups of `` outsiders '' -LRB- young unemployed and first time job seekers , temporary workers , shopkeepers and other self-employed -RRB- do not see these supposed benefits because they lack a stable and protected job , or do not qualify for unemployment insurance , or are too young to benefit from public pension systems .
But Chinese officials know that renminbi appreciation is also in China 's interest , as they seek to dampen inflationary pressures .
Countries are especially seeking to strengthen their infrastructure exports through a combination of public - and private-sector activity .
Rent-seeking tends to lead to policy failure in the form of intense political competition aimed at gaining short-term access to revenues and benefits , as opposed to political competition over what policies might be in the long-term public interest .
Indeed , it may seek to use this precedent to re-establish its authority over the nations and territories that were once part of the Soviet Union .
Moreover , Kazakhstan , though a Muslim majority country , has established the type of secular , multi-ethnic , and multi religious polity that the West is seeking to encourage throughout the Muslim world .
It seems particularly short-sighted , indeed hypocritical , for the United States and Britain to seek to spread democracy and human rights throughout the world while failing to recognize and reward the Taiwanese , a people who have embraced these concepts wholeheartedly .
Some in the Bush administration accept this argument , saying that they are happy to see Latin American democracies seeking influence where the United States can not . Latin America , it seems , is no longer held hostage by its demagogues and guerrillas .
They have been a persistent thorn in the side of successive British governments , but at long last Prime Minister David Cameron 's coalition government seems to be seeking to conclude this matter in a fair , humane , and just way .
But the run-up to the plebiscite has been fraught , with Sudan 's President Omar al-Bashir , who has been indicted by the International Criminal Court on charges of genocide in Darfur , seeking to delay , disrupt , and overshadow it .
The uniquely dangerous combination of a nuclear Iran , which seeks to inspire the Shia in the Gulf states to rise up against their Sunni masters , coupled with Ahmedinejad 's millenarian mysticism , poses an existential threat to Israel , which Ahmadinejad has threatened to `` wipe off the map . ''
This is controversial enough : the decision is motivated by a large influx of asylum-seekers , often offering frivolous reasons , originating from Serbia .
By comparison , Sweden , with one-sixth the population of Italy , accepted the same number of asylum-seekers in 2009 .
But their success in applying technical standards to countries seeking EU membership earned them huge legitimacy .
It seeks to be finely balanced , respecting the regime 's sovereignty while subtly pressing home the point in unison , as neighboring states .
But this is consistent with the Obama administration 's policy of seeking a dialogue even with those who are not America 's friends .
Could the regime be seeking ways out of its isolation in the run-up to the 2010 elections ?
Moreover , Obama should resist the urge to approach the bilateral relationship purely in transactional terms , but instead should seek to strengthen India 's long-term capacity to be a productive partner with the US .
Competition also puts an end to rent seeking and protection of traditional corporate advantages .
While India seeks to downplay such reports , one incident that did make it into the Indian press occurred inside the `` Line of Actual Control '' -LRB- LAC -RRB- on the western sector of the border at Demchok , in India 's Ladakh district .
Both the Congress and the BJP will seek to make alliances with the dozens of smaller parties likely to be represented in parliament .
India 's government sees no reason to play into the hands of those who seek that outcome .
For one thing , there is n't another ocean on the planet that takes in Asia , Africa , and Oceania -LRB- and could embrace Europe , too , since the French department of Reunion , in the Indian Ocean , gives France observer status in IOR-ARC , and the French foreign ministry is considering seeking full membership -RRB- .
The true Hindu seeks no revenge upon history , for he understands that history is its own revenge .
But that has little effect on those who are not interested in whether they are wrong and are already seeking to punish you .
Of course , the UN often falls short of its noble aspirations , since it reflects the realities of world politics , even while seeking to transcend them .
When I joined the UN , it was almost unthinkable for the organization to take sides between democracy and dictatorship , or to seek to intervene in members ' internal affairs .
Independent India came into being as flames blazed across the land , corpse-laden trains crossed the new frontier with Pakistan , and weary refugees abandoned everything to seek a new life .
As a Buddhist , the Dalai Lama preaches non-attachment , self-realization , inner actualization , and non-violence ; as a Tibetan he is admired by a people fiercely attached to their homeland , with most seeking its independence from China and many determined to fight for it .
· The partnership between the Brazilian Government , the World Wide Fund for Nature , the World Bank , and the international community has been the basis for the Amazon Region Protected Areas Program , which seeks to set aside 12 % of the Amazon for conservation .
But it merely fuels rent-seeking -- the ability of particular groups in society to extract disproportionate rewards for their work .
We know , of course , the broad outline of their all-encompassing fundamentalism , and we have some vague ideas about Al Qaeda as a decentralized network of cells in many countries that seeks to acquire chemical , biological , and perhaps even nuclear weapons .
But it will deprive them of the masses of sympathetic Muslims who view the fanatics as the only people seeking to defend `` Islamic '' values and oppressed Muslim peoples .
In addition , the US appears to be seeking to avoid open antagonism with Morales .
In 1919 , the first edition of Democratic Caesarism , by the Venezuelan historian and sociologist Laureano Vallenilla Lanz , was published and widely circulated across the continent . Vallenilla claimed to be seeking an effective -LRB- as opposed to the formal -RRB- constitutional system for his country .
In view of this , it is essential to seek better systems of checks and balances as well as to strengthen and sharpen public control of the executive .
The West must recognize where Russia stands on history 's timeline and not seek to wish this away .
The 75 % of Russians who make up the Putin majority are essentially passive , and seek only the preservation of a paternalistic state .
Rather than choosing between Brussels and Beijing , Moscow now seeks to turn Russia 's post-imperial neighborhood into a community .
Meanwhile , the Communists took whatever food they could find , as one peasant remembered , `` down to the last little grain , '' and in early 1933 the borders of Soviet Ukraine were sealed so that the starving could not seek help .
But Viktor Yanukovich , the current Ukrainian president , denies the special suffering of the Ukrainian people -- a nod to Russia 's official historical narrative , which seeks to blur the particular evils of collectivization into a tragedy so vague that it has no clear perpetrators or victims .
But the belief system of regulators and policymakers in the most financially advanced centers tended to exclude the possibility that rational profit-seeking by professional market participants might generate rent-seeking behavior and financial instability rather than social benefit -- even though several economists had clearly shown why that could happen .
We must not tolerate a system of nuclear apartheid , in which it is considered legitimate for some states to possess nuclear arms but patently unacceptable for others to seek to acquire them .
British politicians , meanwhile , are seeking to renew their navy 's aging fleet of Trident submarines -- at an estimated cost of £ 76 billion -LRB- $ 121 billion -RRB- .
We are not seeking ostentatious posts and cheap popularity . We do not desire artificial recognition or flattering awards .
In broad terms , Ukraine seeks security and stability , and it should be remembered that our record here is strong .
Of the three leading electoral coalitions that are challenging each other , the forces that supported the Orange Revolution seek a modern and democratic future for our country .
Many of its candidates seek office not to work for Ukraine 's betterment , but to gain parliamentary immunity from prosecution .
Israel , like Turkey and the US , must be hoping that Turkmenistan 's new rulers will seek to diversify gas distribution by adopting a project to build a gas pipeline beneath the Caspian Sea .
It could serve as a powerful force for good in the region , if it stops seeking short term advantage and begins to act in its own long term interests , which will best be served by a prosperous , non-nuclear armed Iran , and a far more open Turkmenistan .
Such cooperative frameworks seek to reconcile national independence with regional interdependence , focusing political leaders ' minds on prosperity for their people rather than on gaining unilateral advantages that ultimately impoverish and unsettle everyone .
At this moment , the President 's men are seeking to strip me of my parliamentary immunity .
Ukraine 's current autumn of discontent can end , as Shakespeare suggested , in a glorious summer , for our protests seek to change our government by legitimate democratic means , to restore normal life , and to revitalize democracy and economic development in Ukraine .
Within Ukraine , a government capable of truly governing should seek to adopt EU laws and norms in exactly the manner that the countries poised to join the Union have done , thus helping to clean up the murky system in which Kuchma 's criminal cronies flourish .
It is a deal that can only have been agreed to as the price of Russian support for Ukraine 's President Leonid Kuchma as he desperately seeks to extend his presidency beyond the two-term limit that he faces this year .
They then tried to force the Ukrainian people to swallow this sham -- threatening to ban public gatherings , close our borders to new visa seekers , and silence any word of our protests on television .
It will try to erode our support by infiltrating our protests with loyalists who will carry the virus of defeatism , and it will seek to outflank us by appealing to ordinary , hard-working Ukrainians , worried about feeding and clothing their children , that a tottering economy needs stability to be saved .
We defy those who seek to corrupt our democracy , but we stand with the hand of friendship extended to all of our neighbors , including Russia .
Now we must lead a nation in which -- thanks to the cynical ploys and hate-filled rhetoric of a discredited regime -- some sections seem to be set against the democracy we seek to build .
Its government is seeking a strong role in world affairs , and consequently its policies have not always aligned with those of a majority of NATO members .
Established last November to spur progress on democratization in Burma , parliamentarians from Thailand , Indonesia , Malaysia , the Philippines , Singapore , and Cambodia took the unprecedented step of crossing national and party lines to review critically ASEAN policy on Burma , seek the release of Aung San Suu Kyi , and disqualify Burma from chairing .
When Burma joined ASEAN in 1997 , there were only 210,000 Burmese refugees and asylum seekers throughout the region .
Although Unasur aims to progress beyond free-trade agreements , this requires a more streamlined integration within the organization -- one that expands its current role as a forum for discussing problems and seeking solutions for Latin America as a whole .
As a result Argentina , once a thriving gas exporter , had to seek imports to overcome domestic shortages .
Although his college demanded professional evaluation before he would be allowed to return , the suspect in the Arizona shootings , it seems , failed to seek help from Tucson 's available services .
Sri Lanka 's tragedy reminds us how many things can go wrong when old Asian polities seek to establish modern nation states .
Why , then , do China 's rulers continue to backslide into doubt and fear , and why do they seek to avoid having China labeled a superpower ?
The Coming Showdown with Iran FLORENCE -- US President Barack Obama 's administration has lost little time in announcing that it will seek direct talks with the Iranian government .
In addition , his administration pledges not to resume testing nuclear weapons by detonating them , and to seek to bring the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty -LRB- CTBT -RRB- into force by securing its ratification by the US Senate and all other countries .
Whereas advocates of abolishing nuclear weapons wanted his administration to employ a zero-based approach to nuclear planning , with the burden of proof on those seeking to retain nuclear weapons to fulfill essential military functions , the NPR presumes the continuation of current nuclear roles and missions unless convincing arguments exist to end them .
But proponents of such US guarantees believe that they discourage aggression and contribute to nuclear non-proliferation by reducing the incentive of US allies to seek their own nuclear deterrents .
The US will seek to guarantee the reliability of its nuclear weapons by spending billions of dollars to improve its nuclear weapons infrastructure and conduct tests not involving nuclear detonations .
They therefore presume that , despite American professions to the contrary , the US seeks BMD capabilities that can negate Russia 's strategic deterrent under the guise of protecting America and its allies from Iran .
But the EU still must prove to the countries seeking to join it that the Union is a truly open , democratic society of the type they have struggled to make of themselves .
Ironically , it is Mexico 's hardline strategy against the drug cartels on its own territory which is making the situation worse ; gangs are seeking the relative sanctuary of Central America as a base for their operations .
Towards a Green Nanotechnology The advent of nanotechnology , the branch of engineering that seeks to build objects molecule by molecule -- indeed , atom by atom -- has evoked futuristic images of self-replicating `` nanobots '' that perform surgery , or that convert the planet into a mass of `` gray goo '' as they consume everything in sight .
Such physical innovations go hand in hand with other initiatives that seek to redistribute the fruits of development .
Breaking Burma 's Isolation NEW YORK -- The Obama administration 's decision to seek a new way forward in United States-Burma relations recognizes that decades of trying to isolate Burma -LRB- Myanmar -RRB- in order to change the behavior of its government have achieved little .
This is also why the Republicans are seeking to capture the Tea Party movement 's energy for partisan purposes , overrunning it with well-paid operatives , particularly from former Representative Dick Armey 's fundraising and advocacy organization .
Moreover , Tea Party gatherings have increasingly become a platform for Republican candidates seeking the support of a highly mobilized electoral base .
Who needs to read closely , seek evidence , and make a reasoned argument -- skills that the study of poetry , the novel , history , and philosophy provide ?
Two states , New Jersey and Idaho , recently introduced legislation to seek to opt out of the new policy .
In seeking answers , these citizens are reacting rationally to irrational realities .
`` Second , though we have closed the prisons , we must seek the forgiveness of our fellow nations for the horrors that we committed or with which we colluded by engaging in state-sanctioned torture and `` extraordinary rendition '' of detainees to countries that torture .
Other G-7 leaders might profit by seeking to apply this lesson more broadly .
But some foreign manufacturers , seeking to cap rising labor costs , are shifting production from China to cheaper destinations such as Vietnam , where average monthly wages for factory workers is $ 50-60 -- half that of China .
The Commission , seeking to project itself as the protector of the Pact , sought to issue a warning . But that decision had to be taken by real-life politicians , the Council of Finance Ministers .
Unable to reform their labor markets because of the fear of street protests , French governments of all political stripes seek to protect their ailing firms , only to face limits imposed by the rules of the Common Market .
Britain , which will soon mark the anniversary of last year 's bombings in London , provides a test case for seeking answers to these questions .
They may now seek a deeper connection to their Muslim identity , but , having learned to question authority , they are unlikely to accept rigid parental or Islamic traditions .
Embittered , fanatical , vengeful : those who rebel against the status quo enter the wider world seeking retaliation , not just against the regimes that deformed them , but against the West , which propped up the region 's authoritarians in the interest of `` stability . ''
Iran not only threatens Israel -LRB- and the region -RRB- with its desire for a nuclear capability and its Shi'a proxy militants ; it is also seeking to usurp the traditional role of moderate Sunni Arab regimes as the Palestinians ' defenders .
Indeed , Israel now sees its security as relying not so much on a US guarantee , but on Egypt , Jordan , Saudi Arabia , and Turkey -LRB- which is seeking regional influence in fear of rejection by the European Union -RRB- restraining Iran and its paid proxies .
Of course , should the US see failure ahead , it could seek to broaden the war beyond Iraq 's borders by attacking Iran , a policy reminiscent of `` Operation Sideshow , '' when US failure in Vietnam in the late 1960 's enticed President Nixon into attacking Cambodia and Laos .
To avoid this fate , the EU 's commitment in Lebanon needs to be supplemented with a nuanced political strategy that seeks to avoid isolating Lebanon 's long suppressed Shia population .
The vested interests that the Alliance members -- Austria , Prussia , and Russia -- had in the survival of their domestic institutions led each to seek to avoid conflicts that , in the past , they would have pursued as a matter of course .
Moreover , Abdullah understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability-seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Today , US power in the Middle East is at its historical nadir , and Russia is seeking to fill the vacuum .
Today , the disempowered Shia are forced to seek political connections and backing from the region 's wider Shia political movements to compensate for the discrimination they face at home .
So what diplomatic or financial gain was Karzai seeking ?
The al-Saud will undoubtedly be ruthless in seeking out the individuals directly implicated in the terrorist bombings .
The bigger threat today is actual combat , for , the day after North Korea 's nuclear test , South Korea announced its full participation in the US-led Proliferation Strategic Initiative , which seeks to intercept ships that may be involved in illegally transporting nuclear technology .
The state , which is seeking to rescue the domestic automobile industry , allocated to the firm more credits through state-owned banks .
He also seeks Israel 's welfare and security , and says to us , `` Enough .
In 2010 , for example , the government may seek to stimulate domestic consumption by making income distribution more favorable to the household sector relative to the enterprise sector , and by providing more public goods to reduce households ' precautionary savings .
Only a coordinated global response can guarantee that in the long run people from the poorest billion will visit Europe as tourists and business partners , not as asylum seekers .
Fossil fuels will be with us for some time to come , and we should continuously seek out cleaner ways to use them .
Adherence to these principles ensures that private rent-seeking and appropriation of oil profits , a major dimension of the so-called resource curse , is avoided .
Indeed , given its lack of confidence in China 's readiness and willingness to keep the North in check , South Korea is now seeking even deeper defensive ties with the US , as well as enhancing its political and defense cooperation with Japan .
But , instead of seeking a new path , it re-traces its old steps .
To be sure , we have also seen patients seeking treatment for depression who really did have bipolar disorder .
Any study seeking to determine whether a psychiatric disorder is over-diagnosed will find that some patients with the condition do not have it upon re-interview .
It was only after Lehman Brothers collapsed that Paulson went to Congress seeking $ 700 billion to stabilize the financial system . Even that turned out to be insufficient .
Economic nationalism that seeks gains from the disadvantage of others will trigger ever more dangers .
