It is difficult to imagine them standing with Musharraf should civil conflict erupt .
As chaos and confusion set in , we should not lose sight of President Pervez Musharraf 's partial responsibility for this turn of events . At the very least , he can not be absolved from his government 's failure to provide Bhutto with adequate security .
The new government should quickly devise a policy to deal with terrorism .
The US , meanwhile , should end direct military strikes in the area , even if these are conducted with the knowledge and cooperation of Pakistan 's military .
Rather than trying to face down impeachment and prolonging the crisis , he should recognize that Pakistan can not afford more instability , and that giving up honorably will bring him some respect .
Only one condition should be imposed on aid for Pakistan : the first money should be spent on rebuilding all the bombed-out girls ' schools in Swat . If need be , the army should guard these schools around the clock .
Both countries should take advantage of the opportunity for cooperation provided by the Pakistani Army 's campaign against Waziristan 's militants .
This should not be surprising , for Syria 's rulers over the last thirty years have proven skillful at hedging their bets .
This will give the outside world the impression that serious change is taking place and that the regime should be given the time to see it through .
Instead of enjoying expanding horizons , they are trapped in a virtual prison , where things that every child should be able to take for granted are instead being taken away : the right to play , to go to school , to have enough to eat , to have light to study by at night , and to feel safe in their own homes .
The weight of one of the world 's longest-running conflicts is resting on their thin shoulders , crushing their childhood and inflicting psychological scars that may never heal .
Bank regulators should just say no to such lending by institutions that are already under their purview .
The West should make clear to Serbia that it will react vigorously against any efforts to promote violence or partition Kosovo .
In the case of Abkhazia , the West should reiterate the sui generis nature of Kosovo and highlight the tremendous efforts it has undertaken there since 1999 .
Some Israelis argue that Hamas should be encouraged to establish order in Gaza and provide assurances to its neighbors .
That said , OPEC members and oil-consuming countries policymakers alike should not forget that nothing cures high prices like high prices .
We should talk .
We should look for common political approaches , many of which we have already agreed , and could easily endorse again .
This is an issue on which Europe should stand up to the US .
The EU should fund the Airbus project and make sure that an important fraction of the money goes into R&D to foster the growth of an industry that is one of the few European high-tech success stories .
In recent weeks European defense ministers suggested that increases in military expenditures should be excluded from the budget constraints imposed by the Euro stability pact .
The idea that a sharp increase in military spending in a -LRB- hopefully temporarily -RRB- bellicose world should be amortized with some deficits is consistent with sound economic policy , but only if the rest of the budget remains `` lean . ''
An increase in military spending , in conjunction with an enforcement of the stability pact , should bring about a trimming of the non-defense budget : the public sector wage bill and a welfare state grown far beyond the goal of supporting the incomes of the poor , would of necessity need to be trimmed sharply .
Instead of talking to fellow diplomats , Argentina 's ambassador to the US should talk to US supermarkets , convincing their managers to buy Argentine goods and arranging for them to meet with small businessmen from his country .
He should not be duplicating what Argentina 's President and Foreign Minister are capable of doing .
There should be no doubt as to the answer to this question , except in the minds of politicians who fail to raise it because they refuse to think beyond the coming presidential election .
Given these conditions , it should surprise no one that American universities nowadays are increasingly staffed by many of Europe 's best scholars .
Why should old people save ?
This is a legitimate choice , but once made , Europeans should stop looking for scapegoats for slow growth .
Europe grows less because it works less - and it should not be surprised if a number of so-called `` developing countries '' soon catch up with Europe in terms of income per capita .
That is why Europeans should hope that the wave of corporate restructuring and reformation , which many thought would follow inevitably in the wake of the creation of the single market , begins to crest across the Continent and change the way businesses are run .
For we believe that the transatlantic divide does mirror fundamental differences in values -- with the immediate caveat that these differences do not , and should not , bring the two sides into conflict .
People should be wary of commentators who purport to explain `` why '' a currency 's exchange rate is doing what it is doing .
Second , exporters who blame the current level of the Euro for their difficulties should wake up to reality . The current level of the Euro makes prices on both sides of the Atlantic relatively similar .
So commentators , policymakers , and businessmen should stop calling for the ECB to do something about the `` strong Euro . ''
Most economists believe that central banks should only target inflation , which means cutting interest rates only when the economy slows down and inflation falls -- which is precisely what the ECB has been doing .
The bottom line is that Europeans should worry and talk less about the Euro exchange rate , and spend the time they save trying to address their real problems : low productivity , market rigidities , fiscal polices constrained by the Stability Pact , and bankrupt pension systems .
Europe 's economic policymakers have enough problems on their plate . They should let the currency markets take care of the Euro\/dollar exchange rate .
Of course , given the political risks , governments should not wait for confrontation with pensioners .
Any redistribution , indeed , should be transparent , and take place via taxation and non pension-related transfers .
Reforms aimed at deregulating financial markets should be the priority .
Supervision inside Italian firms should be strengthened by making sure that a sufficient number of non-executive directors sit on the boards of public companies .
Our answer is that there should be a presumption that state aid to any industry or specific company must be subject to prohibition .
This simple principle should guide Commission competition decisions .
Drafters of the next rendition of the European Constitution should take notice .
Why should they not be represented at the same level as Italy or France ?
Obsolete dreams of grandeur should not be allowed to interfere with a realistic and fair distribution of power in the international arena .
Given the high hopes that preceded ascension to the EU , and the stingy attitude of the Union to its new members , it should not surprise anyone if an anti-European reaction soon starts to brew in these countries .
The importance of vacation time should come as no surprise to anyone who has experienced Europe 's deserted cities in August , the three-week vacation `` bridges '' in April and May in France and Italy , the `` rush hours '' that take place every Friday at 2 PM in German cities , and crowded ski slopes in February due to winter school vacations .
Why should a Frenchman or Italian in his early sixties work today , when in the 1990 's he could have retired in his mid-fifties with 80 % or more of his last working-age salary ?
What should be its primary goals ?
The lesson is that Commissioners should focus on their specific tasks , bearing in mind the interests of the EU rather than those of their country of origin .
Paradoxically , this could be good news for those who think that Europe should start contributing to world growth by expanding domestic demand .
The pro-aid coalition should read it carefully .
Those who really care about reducing poverty should place blame where it belongs : with governments and bureaucracies in many developing countries , especially in Africa and Latin America .
One is `` institutional conditionality : '' only governments that show serious progress in reducing inefficiency , robbery of public property and corruption , should receive aid .
This evidence should be used more aggressively by donors to discriminate amongst receivers .
So a second condition must be applied : in such cases aid flow should be kept completely out of public channels and administered by non-local groups un-associated with local elites and governments .
The main change should be stopping agricultural protection for rich country farmers .
Defeating the lobby of French farmers that strangles reform of the EU common agricultural policy should be the top priority of Europe 's pro-poor coalition .
It should be no surprise that the country found a way to rid itself of Cavallo and bring back its old populist politicians .
Rather than putting proposed mergers by private companies under the microscope , Commissioner Monti should focus on his other mandate : safeguarding against state intervention and state aid to companies .
In other words , Monti should think hard about redirecting his limited resources to the right battlefield .
The recent experience of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation -LRB- APEC -RRB- forum highlights the limitations of open sectoralism and should prompt a thorough re-appraisal .
Policymakers who are now attracted to open sectoralism because of its delusive promise of frictionless politics should take that lesson to heart .
It is this agenda , rather than the hollow hope of open sectoralism , that should be the main priority of trade negotiators in the future .
There is also now an acceptance that the voting system within the European Council should be based on a double majority of population and member states .
Or if somebody told me that `` I love Swedes , but Sweden should be abolished . ''
But , as the current scandal surrounding the UN 's administration of the Iraq oil for food program demonstrates , and as the world remembers the Rwanda genocide that began ten years ago , respect for the UN should be viewed as something of a superstition , with Secretary General Kofi Annan its false prophet .
No one should be surprised by the UN 's inaction , because only the year before it had demonstrated utter incompetence in facing the fastest genocide in history - the slaughter of 800,000 Tutsis and moderate Hutus in Rwanda in just 100 days .
But Wallenberg 's name should make us even more dismayed about Annan 's record .
Perhaps no one 's achievement should be judged by comparison with that of Wallenberg - a titan of strength , courage , and perseverance .
Thus , by whenever the Union should decide to lift its ban on weapons exports to China , the EU could help fuel an arms race in East Asia .
How did China and France manage to fool the EU into thinking that it should ever take part in this ?
But that should not surprise anyone : the North Korean regime has always been committed to making military power the `` first priority '' in the state budget .
Indeed , it should not be forgotten that North Korea maintains an army of 1.1 million troops .
If Washington is serious about these words , it should transform this commitment into a long-term and comprehensive alliance that can survive the current estrangement - and continue even after Korean unification - by making a joint declaration with South Korea 's government at the highest level .
Once they resolve to continue their alliance with these purposes in mind , it should be possible for responsible officials to work out guiding principles for concrete security cooperation .
The Cyprus issue should therefore not be construed as an obstacle to the start of negotiations .
Enlargement Commissioner Olli Rehn has spelt it out with the necessary clarity : `` If we stick to what we have ourselves decided at the highest political level in the European Council , as we should , I am reasonably confident that the negotiations shall start on the October 3 . ''
India is a tough nation . No one should have illusions about that .
Given this , education policy should look at what some successful programs have done to establish a school identity that motivates students and teachers to work according to a common purpose .
More than 80 % said Estrada should be allowed to languish in a lush private family vacation home where he already spent the last six years awaiting his verdict .
Indeed , there are reports that the mayor 's press secretary has been telling journalists that there is no reason for the mayor to return to Moscow . `` Why should he ? '' said the secretary .
This is not to say that scientists should dominate the government decision-making process .
But it did not say what maximum arsenic concentration the government should legislate .
EU citizens can secure a clearer understanding of what the Convention should achieve by asking this question : how should governmental functions be divided between the EU and its member nations ?
Government should provide citizens with public goods : collective defense , legislation and regulation , enforcement of the rule of law .
The lower a government activity 's externalities , the more it should be localized .
Some think that fiscal policies - from the structure of taxation to welfare , to budget balances - should also be harmonized .
The EU Constitution should establish unequivocally which prerogatives belong to Europe and which to member countries .
European-level institutions should guarantee the functioning of markets , including competition , commercial , and monetary policies ;
Fiscal policy should remain largely decentralized , save for a few exceptions ;
The creation of new areas of federal competence should be accompanied by decision-making mechanisms found in genuinely representative democracies .
So governments should ignore neither the valid interests of oil exporters , on whom consumers in their countries depend , nor exporters ' reaction to the rhetoric of energy independence or to steps taken to achieve it .
Isolationist politicians may not care about other countries , but they should think twice lest they harm their own .
But if political leaders and policymakers want lower oil prices , they should be promoting policies that strengthen the dollar .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's insistence that a referendum should be held on Turkey 's admission suggests that years of painful adjustment to EU norms will never produce the payoff of membership .
Doubters should remember that the euro was itself born out of crisis .
Deeper fiscal surveillance should be matched by broader economic surveillance , especially since current-account imbalances have become more acute during the crisis .
PARIS -- In 2000 , shortly after the launch of the euro , I wrote a book arguing that countries adopting the common currency should be forced in one way or another to implement structural reforms .
Cancer should be acknowledged as a vital part of the global health agenda .
World leaders should be made aware of the scale of the cancer crisis facing developing countries .
Europeans should not succumb to this temptation , for the move from dependency to equal partnership is not measured by rhetoric .
It should therefore do away with the traditional ambivalence of demanding a more mature and active Europe on one hand , all the time feeling uncomfortable with it on the other .
My response is that it is about both , and that Washington should support both .
It goes without saying that there should be `` no taxation without representation . ''
Washington , however , should not worry about this : if Europeans see the Alliance as a more European organization they are more likely to commit themselves -LRB- in budgetary terms , too -RRB- to its success .
What should not be pursued is a rigid , vertical and artificial division of labor , whereby the US plays the lone global leader -LRB- with Europe simply following -RRB- while the EU concentrates exclusively on enlarging its `` house '' -LRB- with the US disengaging from Continental security -RRB- .
No matter what policy the Bush administration adopts , European reservations and doubts should be taken into account .
The institutional structure envisaged by the proposed European Constitution should also reflect and help develop Europe 's broader aspirations .
The December 11-12 European Council should signal clearly the timetable envisaged for re-opening the Lisbon Treaty 's ratification process . Failure to do so would bring the risk of still greater political problems after next June 's European elections .
But Ireland should also allow the EU 's other member states to proceed with the Lisbon Treaty if that is what they wish .
Even if another referendum is to be held in Ireland , the Irish government should foresee a procedure that , irrespective of the outcome , allows other member states to implement the essential parts of the Lisbon treaty .
Egyptians need only glance north , at the European debt crisis , to understand they should sort out their debt problem now , rather than waiting until it reaches Greek proportions .
The reasoning is simple and logical : if someone fraudulently borrows money in my name , I am not expected to pay it back , and neither should a country 's population when an unrepresentative leader borrows in their name and to their detriment .
Since this money clearly benefited Mubarak but not his people , should it not be Mubarak , rather than his victims , who is held responsible for it ?
A prudent lender should have considered these facts before making the loans .
So the banks and international institutions that lent money to Mubarak should bear the responsibility of their choice to bankroll his repressive regime .
The new Egypt should make a clean break with Mubarak and his creditors , and let them sort out their business among themselves without involving the Egyptian people .
The Egyptian government 's only role should be to help liquidate Mubarak assets for repayment should the need arise .
Transferring liability for foreign debt to Mubarak should not have negative economic consequences for Egypt in the long run .
This move should not be understood as a move towards fiscal recklessness , but as a one-time break from it .
Rather than turning away , the EU should seek deeper engagement and reciprocity .
It should facilitate further incorporation of Gazprom into the EU market through market liberalization and downstream integration .
The EU should tell Gazprom that access to Europe 's downstream assets is conditional on the reciprocal openness of Russia 's energy sector .
The Rapid Reaction Force , it is said , should be capable of fulfilling the so-called `` Petersberg '' tasks .
America should welcome the increasing weight and sense of responsibility for Europe as represented by the Rapid Reaction Force .
· Establishing a Monitoring Group of force planners , based within the Council of Ministers secretariat , to co ordinate the peer group pressure that should encourage governments to improve their military capabilities .
Cost reductions that represent a net benefit to society should be regarded favorably .
The nature of these CMOs should have been apparent to risk managers .
When China 's labor-intensive industries emerge from their metamorphosis , we should expect to see firms that are larger , that invest more in product innovation and design , and that hold more sway over business and trade policies .
The London G-20 meeting recognized that the world 's poorest countries and people should not be penalized by a crisis for which they were not responsible .
Indeed , should the global economy deteriorate further , outward portfolio investment could accelerate , reducing the financing available to Brazilian corporations and eventually affecting their ability to invest .
After its adoption by the General Assembly , the Protocol will enter into force when a critical mass of UN member states has ratified it . This should contribute to the development of appropriate human rights-based programs and policies enhancing freedoms and welfare for individuals and their communities .
But Guzmán 's efforts to bring the dictator to justice should not remain isolated .
Women 's rights activists in the region should not fall into a brainwashing trap of nationalism and territorial disputes , becoming another tool in the hands of politicians .
They should demonstrate to their governments that they will not succumb to divisive ideology .
Millions of Arabs of my generation and younger would probably give the same answer if asked what should become of the men who controlled their present and sought to destroy their future .
Indeed , Egypt 's former Mufti , Sheikh Nasr Farid Wasil , has already declared Bin Laden a martyr , `` because he was killed by the hands of the enemy . '' -LRB- Sheikh Wasil , it should be made known , has no links or known sympathies for Al Qaeda and he represents a very different Islamic school of thought . -RRB-
Given the high price Libyans have paid , those scenarios should be prevented rather than cured .
Their belief in the superiority of literal interpretations of Islamic texts and their deep animosity towards religious innovation -LRB- broadly defined -RRB- reflect their certainty that the first three generations of Muslims possessed the best understanding of Islam , and should provide guidance for future generations .
At the moment , Egyptian liberals ' main concern should be their popular appeal and ability to mobilize support , rather than picking fights with the Salafis and trying to enforce a constitution by any means , democratic or not .
Egyptian and other Arab revolutionaries should therefore keep the lessons of July 29 and August 3 in minds .
The Liberals make the sensible argument that anybody with a job should get a work visa , but that knowledge of Swedish be a citizenship requirement and that unemployed immigrants be barred from receiving social benefits for five years .
They have little choice but to resist , and their strength should not be underestimated . The battle for Russian democracy is joined anew .
The security forces should be cleansed and disciplined .
Impotent ministers and governors should be sacked , while their offices should be given more authority .
Ideally , Yushchenko should reach out to the new professionals who have not as yet been intoxicated by the pervasive corruption of the old administration .
To be sure , Putin should be praised for substantial economic reforms during his first three years .
These questions should be decided by NATO 's members , not outsiders .
Russia should be given a new chance , but only after Putin has departed .
Old Europe should learn from New Europe 's untold success .
This mismanagement should disqualify any eurozone policymaker from the IMF 's managing directorship , and yet Christine Lagarde , French finance minister , was named to succeed her compatriot Dominique Strauss-Kahn after his resignation .
But both organizations need to reach out to these countries , a process that should be seen as the next phase in completing the wider Europe .
What should a new bold yet realistic EU and NATO outreach strategy for the Black Sea region look like ?
But they should not have to make do .
They should not have to risk their safety when they seek to engage with the world online .
For example , with respect to sharks , existing sanctions against `` finning '' under Regional Fisheries Management Organizations should be enforced , backed up by an independent system of on-board observers to ensure that trawlers comply .
Moreover , an international action plan for sharks , including a ceiling on catches , should be created .
And proper fishing methods that catch only target species should be used , with others caught accidentally as so-called by-catch returned to the sea alive .
If there is no dramatic action and improvement , governments should instead give CITES , as a well established conservation and trade agreement , a chance to reverse the species ' current plight .
Nor is it a response to the present violent deadlock in the Israeli-Palestinian negotiations : some of Osama bin Laden 's terrorist acts against American targets in the mid-1990 's , it should be recalled , occurred at the height of the Israeli-Palestinian honeymoon that followed the Oslo agreements of l993 .
But collaborators with terrorism should , and will likely be viewed with the same severity as the terrorists themselves .
First , local forces opposed to Saddam should be encouraged .
Those suggestions should be premised on a two level approach : first , the US , with UN support , should create a war crimes tribunal to judge Saddam and his top generals : they should know that come the day of reckoning , they will be hunted down like Milosevic and his minions .
One major indictment should deal with the use of poison gas against Kurdish rebels in Halabja during the time of the Iran\/Iraq war .
Parallel to this , and the encouragement of insurrections in Iraq 's south and the north , preparations for a military option should be credibly enhanced .
But with the stick should come a carrot : with good intelligence , some Iraqi generals and colonels should be approached with offers of amnesty and support should they decide to try to topple Saddam .
Failure to act , they should be told in no uncertain terms , will leave them exposed -LRB- like Saddam -RRB- to an indictment by in an international war crimes tribunal once Saddam 's rule is brought to an end .
They should also be offered the lifting of sanctions on Iraq provided that they - after getting rid of Saddam - accept the resumption of a UN inspection regime .
Europeans and Americans , Israelis and Iranians , Egyptians and Turks , Palestinians and Tunisians rubbed shoulders .
Anyone who now claims that the 1948 Palestinian refugees have a claim , in principle , to return to Israel , must confront the question : should the millions of Germans expelled from Eastern Europe after 1945 also have the same right of return to their lost homes ?
Confronted with the debacle in the rest of -LRB- Arab -RRB- Iraq , the question has to be asked why the US-led coalition should not hold a referendum in the Kurdish region , asking the population how they would like to be ruled .
Why should the one region - and people - who run an orderly government , are not involved in murder , attacks on mosques , and suicide bombing of schoolchildren , be penalized ?
The same should apply to Turkey .
Perhaps to assuage political fears - and considerations of international law - any plebiscite in the Kurdish region should , initially , have only a consultative status .
It is still an open question whether Hamas in government will become more pragmatic and less committed to terrorism : it certainly is a possibility , and one should not prejudge the outcome .
Precisely because Israelis are aware of the constant security threat facing their country , they have always believed that their leaders should be able to lead Israel in war -- but also to ask the military tough questions when diplomacy may fail .
But public opinion -- volatile and angry -- calls for both to resign : a public-opinion poll conducted after the Commission published its report indicated that only 14 % of Israelis believe that Olmert should keep his job , while less than 11 % support Peretz .
The causes of these 15 years of failure should be considered , so that Mitchell 's mission does not become another stillborn effort .
A fundamental change of paradigm is needed : the effort should shift to building a Palestinian state from the bottom up , for which there are encouraging signs , even in the midst of the failure of the top-down process .
In these circumstances , an idea recently raised -- tentatively but courageously -- by Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad should be eagerly welcomed .
It may or may not fly , but it is arrestingly novel : if negotiations fail -- so Fayyad says -- sometime in 2011 the Palestinians should declare independence unilaterally .
Hence the credo of Turkish foreign policy should be `` zero conflicts with our neighbors and in our neighborhood . ''
Whether these exaggerated hopes should be traced to Obama 's inexperience or to hubris -- or both -- is a moot point : what is clear is that , after 18 months and numerous visits to the region , Mitchell was able to achieve only an agreement in principle by Israel and the Palestinians to start talking to each other .
But making a settlement freeze a precondition for negotiations was obviously unacceptable to the Israeli government , which maintained that no preconditions for negotiations should be set .
The issue , one should emphasize , is not Islam as such : in Europe , the Catholic Church was for a long time the greatest enemy of democracy and liberalism .
One key decision facing Serbia , and its new authorities , is whether Milosevic should be extradited to The Hague .
There seems to be almost universal agreement that he should , and international pressure is being applied on President Kostunica to comply .
Many who agree that Milosevic is a war criminal now think that we should listen to the voices coming from Belgrade and their cry that Milosevic should face trial before his own people .
Yugoslavia 's new leadership should now be allowed to deal with Milosevic in a way that promotes democracy within Yugoslavia .
His crimes should be judged by his own people -- not by an international tribunal .
The lessons from any trial of Milosevic should be taught to Serbia 's citizens by Serbian judges , within a normative system that most Serbs accept as legitimate .
After all , the peacekeeping forces in Bosnia can , should they decide to act , arrest Radovan Karadzic and General Ratko Mladic , the leaders of the Bosnian Serbs who have been indicted by the Hague Tribunal .
As a first step , countries with forces in Afghanistan should accept that , as parties to the conflict , they need to be parties to the peace as well , and that every military operation has far-reaching and sometimes irreversible political implications .
Correspondingly , the international community should back mechanisms that will address the grievances of all Afghans , not just the political elite , and that will seek to address regional strategic concerns and agendas , especially those of Pakistan and Iran .
For this reason , perpetrators of serious human-rights violations on all sides should be held accountable , a demand that has been pointedly ignored since 2001 .
Several steps should be taken .
They should consider reforms that include giving city governments the authority , resources , and responsibility that they need to address health and health-care outcomes .
Proven systems and reforms should be shared between emerging-market cities , and successful new innovations and ideas should be adapted to local conditions .
Because Japan has the second largest economy in the world , the yen should be a more important currency .
They also explain why , over time , the euro should gain weight in international trade .
So the euro should play a larger role in international trade in the future than the sum of the currencies it replaced .
Despite its current distress , the dollar should retain its predominance for some time to come .
Whatever formula is adopted , it is certain that Roma children should be afforded the same opportunities as other children .
The IMF should work closely with the Financial Stability Forum , the Bank for International Settlements and other relevant international bodies .
First , the IMF should promote financial stability through multilateral surveillance .
It should be positioned at the center of international financial markets and provide an analytical platform , not only for central banks and finance ministries , but also for regulators , standard setters , and market participants .
In particular , the Fund should enhance its understanding of the links between supervisory frameworks and macroeconomic conditions , including balance-of-payments and exchange-rate developments , by leveraging the wealth of cross-country information and expertise that it acquires through missions to its 185 members .
Second , the IMF should promote financial stability through bilateral surveillance .
It needs to rethink how to address financial stability in its day-to-day work with members . Financial sector analysis should become fully integrated into the IMF 's surveillance activities .
The IMF should also be more proactive and speak with greater candor in systemically important countries , where shortcomings in financial supervision and crisis management have appeared .
It should assist emerging economies in shaping sound domestic financial markets .
Third , the Fund should assist members who have well-defined programs for liberalizing and integrating their economy into the global financial system .
It should consider developing appropriate liquidity instruments to give confidence to emerging market economies that may be affected by a crisis beyond their control , rather than forcing them to build up ever-larger reserves or resort to regional arrangements for self-insurance .
The ` new ' IMF should be an institution that communicates better with its members , balances the interests of its advanced , emerging and developing members in an evenhanded manner , and aligns its policies better to the needs of the moment .
The IMF should see to it that there are no gaps in the surveillance of financial institutions .
And it should help develop a vision on what the future financial landscape should look like .
To this end IMF surveillance should include regular updates on supervisory regimes in systemically important countries .
Early warnings , commissioned by the G20 , should be specific and the IMF should monitor whether policymakers give follow-up to the Fund 's advice .
This acceptance of collective responsibility should come with abandoning US veto power in the IMF by lowering required voting majorities , as well as abandoning Europe 's prerogative of appointing the Managing Director .
One of the strengths of the IMF 's present governance structure , the constituency system , should be duplicated at the G20 as well , so as to ensure inclusiveness .
The rapid growth of China , India , and other emerging countries should come with increased influence , to be implemented through the planned quota increase in 2011 .
Although the EU 's eastward enlargement has not yet happened , the debate is already shifting to ask what will follow : when should the new , predominantly postcommunist , members adopt the euro ?
Assuming that they comply with the Maastricht Treaty 's provisions concerning the EMU - and are not unfairly held to more stringent criteria - the core issue is whether new members would benefit more by waiting or whether they should seek early entry .
Assuming entry into both the EU and ERM II in 2004 , new members should aim to enter the eurozone around 2006 .
Some argue that ERM II membership should be viewed as a longer-term proposition - possibly lasting until 2010 - for the benefit of candidates themselves .
For decades , Friedman remained stranded in the intellectual wilderness , spurning the postwar Keynesian consensus that governments should use fiscal policy to manage aggregate demand -- a view that sustained statist economic policies through the 1970 's .
But we should not be blind to what can happen when political demagogues hijack the anticorruption card .
Of course , Poles should not settle for today 's levels of corruption .
Instead , the battle with corruption should aim at removing its root causes : the scope of the discretionary public sector and the suppression of market forces .
Instead of looking at the wrong model -- that of a single state -- the EU and its member states should focus on the conditions required for the proper functioning of a currency union that has no common budget to compensate for asymmetric shocks .
First , utmost priority should be given to strengthening the mechanisms aimed at preventing pro-cyclical policies and large fiscal shocks .
Likewise , the European Central Bank 's monetary policy should `` lean against the wind '' by paying more attention to the development of asset bubbles .
Meanwhile , the Stability and Growth Pact should be strictly enforced , which implies using and strengthening the available sanctions .
Moreover , the Lisbon Agenda should be reinvigorated , with a focus on market reforms , and the EU should urgently reconsider measures -- particularly regarding climate policy and the drift toward an EU-wide social policy -- that risk imposing additional burdens on their economies and\/or hamper the flexibility of markets .
Thus , fiscal reform should focus on reducing the growth of spending commitments , which -- given the aging of EU societies -- must include raising the retirement age .
Therefore , labor-market liberalization should be a high priority and another area of focus for the reinvigorated Lisbon Agenda .
Gaining useful knowledge from animal research requires robust experimental findings : different scientists should be able to reproduce them in different locations .
To ensure good science , research animals should be healthy and exhibit normal behavior , apart from the specific effects under investigation .
In addition , the environment should allow the animals to perform the behaviors normal for their species .
In the future , a `` blanket '' should be inserted between the plasma and the walls , with two objectives : to protect the outer walls and to produce tritium from nuclear reactions within a circulating fluid containing lithium .
Some scientists have argued that the neutron irradiation in IFMIF wo n't be the same as in fusion reactors , but it should be noted that its cost , at one billion euros , will be one-tenth that of ITER .
Although it has some scientific interest in plasma physics , the participating countries should clearly state that funding it wo n't affect the rest of their research efforts .
At the same time , the international community should support research on energy saving and storage , and accelerate the development of fourth-generation nuclear reactors , which will use fission and be both clean and durable .
Why should we conserve ?
It is our turn now to ruin the planet , and no one should try to stop us .
We can either shrug our shoulders , or we can use the opportunity to revive our old values , rethink how we live , and change that projection .
Governments , too , should collaborate with their developing-country counterparts to provide much-needed leadership in the climate-change debate .
Now , Premier Racan is cashing in on his procrastination over Tudjman acolytes , hoping that they will be as generous with him should they return to government .
Common sense suggests that the `` majority of the people , '' whom the CCP is supposed to `` represent , '' should include workers .
It should be remembered that former General Secretary Hu Yaobang , who had been forced to step down two years earlier by Deng Xiaoping because of his liberal stance , died in April 1989 , triggering spontaneous and peaceful student demonstrations in Beijing , which spread across the country .
He believed that it should be possible to resolve the student protests and respect the principles of democracy and the rule of law .
It should be followed by an agreement that all new enrichment and reprocessing activities will be placed exclusively under multinational control , and that all existing such facilities will be converted from national to multinational control .
The United States should do more to help bring stability to Moldova .
Amerca should be more energetic in demanding that the Moldovan authorities respect the rule of law , issue a roster of all detained persons , provide them access to lawyers and family members , and guarantee that they are not harassed .
They should insist that opposition parties are included in a dialogue .
Romania , too , should play its part and offer to sign a basic treaty and a border agreement with Moldova .
The global media should now go further , and begin to examine the many features of the rise of China and India that depart from the simplistic narrative of the triumph of market reform .
Feeling sympathy for Norway is hard . Thanks to its massive North Sea oil reserves , the country has achieved a level of wealth unimaginable only a generation ago - and which has allowed it to cold-shoulder the European Union since 1994 .
This strategy should include significant investments in human capital : education , training , and basic scientific research .
But , with Bahrain 's social fault lines too wide to bridge , the regime willing to resort to brutal violence to crush any uprising , and the international community prepared to look the other way , the protesters in Manama should be prepared for defeat .
Thus , one should pay tribute to the resilience of Dutch Muslims as they resist the provocations of the right-wing politician Geert Wilders , who is bent on releasing a film that can only inflame public prejudice against Islam .
Indeed , we should view neither homegrown terrorism nor the presence of Muslims as new to Europe .
Participants included nomads , farmers , and students , who in theory should have been the most grateful to China for modernizing Tibet 's economy .
Although both sides claim to be ready for dialogue , they are talking at cross-purposes : the exiles say that talks must be based on their autonomy proposals , while China says that it will discuss only the Dalai Lama 's `` personal status '' -- where he would live in Beijing should he return to China .
This means that agriculture should become an international priority , with the poorest countries helped to safeguard the security and independence of their food supplies .
First , an international group should draft a worldwide strategy for food security .
Second , an international scientific platform should be charged with evaluating the world 's agricultural situation , sending out warnings of upcoming crises , and possibly facilitating governments ' adoption of political and other strategic tools to deal with food crises .
The reliability and size of the European Union 's farm output means that it can and should play the role of regulator in global markets .
Extra money to address food security problems , among other things , should be one of the key outcomes of the finance package that the EU strongly supports for the next crucial event on the summit calendar : the Copenhagen climate conference in December .
So I am convinced that we should raise the profile of biodiversity in tackling climate change and food insecurity , and that we need more high-level attention to this subject .
What is especially sophisticated about the new ideas cropping up in the US , Europe , India , China and elsewhere is the recognition that , as with drugs and toys , it is impossible to say in advance which financial products we should allow and which we should not , because we can not conceive of all the products that can and will come to market .
In brief , just as we do not ban steroids because they are dangerous , but require that buyers have a valid prescription , we should institutionalize caution in how financial products can be used -- and by whom .
We should , however , avoid the medical convention whereby each product is either over-the-counter or prescription , regardless of who is buying the product .
In order to keep the system lean , there should be a provision for exempting some individuals and firms -- those sophisticated enough to handle their own affairs , or well off enough to deal with financial failure -- from the requirement of an RFP 's approval before buying a prescription financial product .
On the contrary , they suggest that suppressing fever may occasionally produce harmful effects , and conclude that widespread use of drugs to reduce fever should not be encouraged .
They recommend that in children their use should be restricted to situations of high fever , obvious discomfort , or conditions known to be painful .
Pending the results of such research , paracetamol remains the preferred drug to relieve pain and fever in childhood , to be used in accordance with WHO guidelines , which recommend that it should be reserved for children with a high fever -LRB- 38.5 Co or above -RRB- .
Investors and public officials in countries where controlled companies dominate should stop using global governance standards based on the designers ' experience with widely held firms in the US .
Rather , they should strive to develop standards appropriate for controlled firms .
Most obviously , assessments of controlled companies should not give significant weight to arrangements governing contests for corporate control .
Moreover , in countries that have many controlled firms , close attention should be paid to related-party transactions and to the taking of corporate opportunities -- the main ways in which value may be diverted from minority investors in such firms .
Finally , when assessing controlled companies , the independence of directors should not be judged largely by looking at the extent to which they are independent of the company on whose board they serve . Rather , considerable attention should be given to their independence from the controlling shareholder .
To improve corporate governance and investor protection , public officials and investors in countries whose capital markets are dominated by controlled companies should be wary of global governance standards developed for US companies .
They should focus on the special problems of controlled companies and on the rules that would work best for protecting smaller investors in such companies .
Executives should not be able to pocket and retain large amounts of bonus compensation even when the performance on which the bonuses are based is subsequently sharply reversed .
Similarly , equity incentives should be subject to substantial limitations aimed at preventing executives from placing excessive weight on their firm 's short-term stock price .
Indeed , calls for comprehensive and robust reform of pay structures should not be viewed as mere responses to populist anger .
Reforms that redress these destructive incentives should stand as an important lesson and legacy of Bear Stearns , Lehman Brothers , and the crisis they helped to fuel .
CAMBRIDGE -- In the new financial order being put in place by regulators around the world , reform of credit rating agencies should be a key element .
Such measures should focus on what makes ratings valuable for the investors who use them -- their accuracy in forecasting financial health .
Once developed , such a mechanism should not be limited -LRB- as , unfortunately , it is in the Senate 's bill -RRB- to ratings of structured financial products .
It should apply to all products that rating agencies evaluate .
Rating agencies have been and should remain an important aspect of modern capital markets .
But what structures should regulators seek to encourage ?
As Holger Spamann and I show in our research , executive payoffs should be tied to the long-term value delivered not only to shareholders , but also to other contributors to banks ' capital .
In addition , bonus compensation should be redesigned .
In the future , banks should consider basing bonus compensation on broader measures , such as earnings before any payments made to bondholders .
This raises well-known questions about democracy and private power , but another important question is often overlooked : who should decide for a publicly traded corporation whether to spend funds on politics , how much , and to what ends ?
To prevent this , lawmakers should adopt safeguards for political spending decisions that would limit the divergence of such decisions from shareholder interests .
Moreover , a public company 's political spending decisions should not be solely the province of management , as they often are .
Independent directors should have an important oversight role , as they do on other sensitive issues that may involve a divergence of interest between insiders and public investors .
And these directors should provide an annual report explaining their choices during the preceding year .
But a corporation 's wishes should not be automatically and necessarily equated with those of its management .
But , if the results of such tests are to be reliable , they should avoid the US tests ' fundamental flaw .
As far as equity-based compensation is concerned , executives should not be allowed to cash out options and shares given to them for a period of , say , five years after the time of `` vesting '' -- that is , the point at which the options and shares have been `` earned '' and may not be taken away from the executive .
The length of this period should be fixed , and should not depend on actions or conditions that are at least partly under executives ' control .
Similarly , bonus compensation should be redesigned to reward long-term performance .
For starters , the use of bonuses based on one-year results should be discouraged .
Furthermore , bonuses should not be paid immediately , but rather placed in a company account for several years and adjusted downward if the company subsequently learns that the reason for awarding a bonus no longer holds up .
To address this distortion , the payoffs of financial executives should be tied not to the long-term value of their firms ' common shares but to the long-term value of a broader basket of securities .
This basket should include , at the very least , preferred shares and bonds .
So , should governments step back and let financial firms reform themselves ?
But this warning should not carry the day .
The effort to avoid the harm of flawed compensation decisions in the future should not be deterred by speculative arguments about unintended consequences .
Financial firms should not retain the freedom to create perverse incentives that put all of us at risk .
Because institutional investors invest substantial amounts in such companies , they should be well informed about corporate governance issues .
This opportunity should not be missed .
For starters , executives ' payoff from stock sales should not depend on a single stock price .
Rather , the payoff should be based on the average stock price over a significant period of time .
The company 's board should set the schedule in a way that ensures that executives always retain the desired level of equity ownership .
CAMBRIDGE -- As governments around the world develop policies to deal with failing financial institutions , they should be sure to pick their beneficiaries wisely .
In particular , they should study and avoid the mistakes made in the AIG bailout in late 2008 .
Indeed , bailouts of failed institutions should never extend the government 's safety net to such counterparties .
The government should have been prepared to place AIG into reorganization under Chapter 11 of the US bankruptcy code and force the derivative parties to take the desired haircut .
But a reorganization of AIG and a shift in its ownership should not have been expected to endanger insurance policyholders .
In any event , concerns about insurance policyholders should have led , at most , to a governmental commitment to back their claims if necessary .
In the future , governments should not bail out failing financial institutions ' derivative counterparties , even when they provide a safety net to some of these institutions ' creditors -LRB- such as depositors -RRB- .
Governments should not only follow such a policy , but also make absolutely clear in advance their commitment to doing so .
We should stress that a positive correlation between a CEO 's pay slice and governance problems does not imply that every firm with a high CEO pay slice has governance problems , much less that such firms would necessarily be made better off by lowering it .
At least we should welcome the fact that these two topics - poverty and the environment - are the two main themes of the Earth Summit .
For example , rich countries should reduce agricultural subsidies and open up their markets more to Third World food exports .
Governments in emerging Europe should , of course , play their part in stabilizing their financial systems .
There should be no doubt about what is at stake .
As if this was not enough , Western governments and businesses should ponder what kind of offers may come from Russian sources , private or public , for distressed banks and companies .
After all , communism has lost its capacity to inspire the Chinese . So what should replace it ?
In addition to reviewing the state of the Israeli-Palestinian negotiations , the November Middle East conference that President George W. Bush has called should begin to build a platform for an Israeli-Syrian negotiating track and a region-wide forum where clear rules of conduct and engagement are agreed by all .
But such uncertainty , common in times of transition , should not overshadow what the end of the Blair-Bush era in Britain holds in store .
Of course , the Alliance of Civilizations should not attempt to bridge differences by defending moral relativism .
Nor should the possibility be ruled out that Iran might be tempted to back its regional ambitions by supplying nuclear material to proxy terrorist groups .
Israel 's shift in policy towards Syria , and that of French President Nicolas Sarkozy , was a powerful message to the Americans that they should not miss the Lebanese train as well .
The Gaza cease-fire should be allowed to facilitate reconciliation between Fatah and Hamas , which would make the Annapolis process more legitimate and inclusive .
Obama 's ascension to the US presidency represents a revolutionary landmark in America 's history that should not be allowed to fall victim to inflated expectations .
Israel should not , however , rejoice at being so far away from Europe , because Europe 's way is not far-fetched ; the world can not be allowed to operate for long outside a reasonable international system of rules and laws .
Europe might not intimidate , but it certainly inspires , and Israel should have an interest in encouraging a judicious role for Europe in building a framework for peace , stability , and cooperation in the region .
That agreement not only contains benchmarks that should lead to self-determination for Sudan 's South ; it also spells out a democratization process in Sudan itself .
The arrest warrant for al-Bashir should not be allowed to spur further attempts by his government to sabotage the CPA and the fragile process leading to the 2011 referendum .
Nor should the international neglect that has for too long allowed the Darfur genocide to go unpunished recur when it comes to sustaining the quest for peace in Sudan .
Obama 's Hardest Choices Lie Ahead TEL AVIV -- It was only natural that Barack Obama , a president whose election was one of the most revolutionary events in American history , should fill his first 100 days in office with a breathtaking , all-embracing agenda .
The case of neighbouring Guinea-Bissau , where a blood-bath has just taken place ahead of general elections , should serve as a warning .
Why should the West insist on elections in a country that since 1984 was ruled by a Western-backed dictator , Lansana Conté , who himself came to power in a military coup ?
Rulers should be encouraged instead to engage in bottom-up democracy building , create an honest police force and judicial system , and allow civic organizations to flourish .
Gottemoeller 's declaration , as well as Gates ' explicit recognition of Israel 's nuclear status should be interpreted within the context of the Obama administration 's broader disarmament agenda .
Or so it should be .
It is a major flaw of the system of international law that the application of the lofty principles of universal justice should be conditioned by the global balance of political power , and that the world 's most notorious abusers , such as Libya and Iran , are allowed to pose as guardians of human rights in UN agencies .
But , however understandable Israel 's sense of being wrongfully treated might be , it should hold itself to higher standards , and avoid entrenching itself behind the walls of its own convictions .
Its leaders will now have to take much more resolute steps on the way to peace if the argument that they used to derail the Goldstone Report -- that it should be seen as `` hindering the peace process '' -- is to have any credibility at all .
As in Africa , where it is consistently replacing Western influence with its massive financial firepower , China 's strategy in Afghanistan is mostly focused on business development -- with a stabilizing effect on the country that should not be underestimated .
China 's diplomatic recipe for Afghanistan and Pakistan is the right one , and the US should focus on it .
Instead of persisting in a counterproductive war effort , the US should use its leverage on India and Pakistan to bring them back to peace negotiations .
Wars in the Middle East , it should be recalled , have started even when the parties did not really want them .
War threats in the Middle East should never be dismissed as hollow . Prophecies of war , moreover , have too frequently proven themselves to be self-fulfilling .
That this should be so has of course much to do with America 's traditional policy of sustaining the Arab world 's pro-Western dictators .
King Muhammad VI of Morocco has already indicated that the Crown would consider a `` historic compromise '' with the Islamists should they , as predicted , win the elections in June 2007 .
Haitians should not be encouraged to seek a solution to their tragic plight simply by crossing the border , but Dominicans should not demonize Haiti as the source of all their problems .
But Clinton should be reminded that every free industrial zone that was built along the Israeli-Palestinian border eventually fell victim to political instability .
Instead of insisting on what the Palestinians can not give , Israel should focus on what is essential : the international legitimacy of its borders .
Hence , as the Kenyans put it , the border between northern and southern Sudan should become the border between Black Africa and the Arab World .
The Perils of Palestinian Strategy TEL AVIV -- It should be clear to all by now that talks between Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu can not produce a peace agreement .
Moreover , should Abbas fail to muster the support of the United States and Europe , Netanyahu might feel free to cancel existing agreements and engage in unilateral steps of his own .
Indeed , some on the Israeli side argue that , instead of fighting a Palestinian declaration of statehood , Israel should seize the opportunity to turn the conflict into a manageable state-to-state territorial dispute .
Indeed , according to a Pew Research Center poll , only 5.5 % of people have access to Facebook , while 95 % want Islam to play a major role in politics , 80 % believe that adulterers should be stoned , 45 % are practically illiterate , and 40 % live on less than $ 2 a day .
Ideally , the new democratic order should be based on a common platform adopted by the forces of change , both secular and Islamic , and on a transition pact between these forces and those representing the old system , first and foremost the army .
It should have to accept , however , that no Arab democracy worthy of the name could refuse to open the electoral gates to political Islam .
Although still inspired by staunchly anti-Western conservatives who believe that the `` banner of Jihad '' should not be abandoned , the Brotherhood today is not the unconditionally jihadist organization that Mubarak regime 's portrayed to the West .
The focus of Israel 's regional policy should be building bridges to those peoples , the true masters of the current `` Arab awakening . ''
If such a tripwire is really necessary , why should n't a reliable international force carry out that task ?
Netanyahu should , perhaps , have studied the lessons of the 1973 Yom Kippur war on the Golan Heights before denouncing Obama 's idea .
Indeed , the last war that Israel won `` elegantly '' -- in the way that Netanyahu imagines that wars should be won -- began from the supposedly `` indefensible '' 1967 lines .
Our Arab neighbors should never be trusted ; hence , as Jabotinski preached , the new Israeli nation must erect an Iron Wall of Jewish power to deter its enemies forever .
If Netanyahu is ever to lead a historic reconciliation with the Palestinian people , he should start by endorsing a courageous , almost post-Zionist insight reflected in Dayan 's 1956 eulogy .
Europe 's reluctance to participate in military endeavors should not come as a revelation .
At an address in February to cadets at the US Military Academy at West Point , Gates said that `` any future defense secretary who advises the president to send a big American land army into Asia or into the Middle East or Africa should have his head examined . ''
It means engagement whereby America should not seek `` to bully , intimidate , cajole , or persuade others to accept our unique values or to share our national objectives . ''
Similarly , when it comes to Lebanon , Turkey certainly does not share Iran 's concern about the possible interruption of Hezbollah 's lifeline should the Syrian regime collapse .
Iran is working to ensure that free elections open the way to truly Islamic regimes in the Arab world , while Turkey assumes that its own political brand , a synthesis of Islam and democracy with secular values , should ultimately prevail .
Rather than interpreting Israel 's victory in the 1967 Six-Day War as permission for annexation of territory , that triumph should be viewed as a watershed that made possible peace with the entire Arab world should Israel relinquish occupied Arab lands .
And , by mortgaging his entire Middle East policy to the concept of an `` ideological confrontation '' against the forces of evil , Bush is putting his entire strategy on the weary shoulders of a defeated Palestinian president without really providing him with the necessary tools .
Their essential tasks should be movement , information gathering , and , if necessary , combat .
To put it bluntly : instead of worrying that Roman Catholics will `` steal '' Orthodox souls , the Orthodox should try to steal Catholic souls .
The model advocated by Western Europe and embraced by Eastern Europe has been based on the idea that capital should flow from capital-rich to capital-poor countries .
That is , when the effects of a financial institution 's activities are sufficiently large , the country affected should be allowed to assume regulatory power , irrespective of the institution 's domicile .
But the lesson from this experience is not that countries should attempt to reverse financial integration -- to do so would be both unfeasible and unwise -- but that they should reduce its risks .
There are no shortcuts to progress on addressing these problems , but lessons from the region should inspire emulation .
Within the eurozone , any recapitalization , guarantees , and other funds offered to parent banks should be made available to subsidiaries in equal measure .
Any restructuring requested in return for capital support should take into account the cross-border nature of the groups and not discriminate against subsidiaries abroad .
Everyone should see it ; not only for its dramatization of the past , but for insights into current events , especially the controversy surrounding America 's plans to establish National Missile Defense and the various regional disputes -- India and Pakistan , Taiwan and China , North and South Korea -- that may one day escalate into nuclear conflict .
Today 's discussions about a limited missile shield and the threat of nuclear blackmail from rogue states should be analyzed in the light of this terrible but realistic thought .
Americans may differ about what policy should have been pursued in Iraq , but they know that their country can not run from its role as a world leader responsible for developments in North Korea , the Middle East , Pakistan\/India , Taiwan , and elsewhere .
Every European should contemplate that possibility , at least for a moment , before resuming their current aversion to all things American .
Web search engines are the only mechanism with which to navigate this avalanche of information , so they should not be mistaken for an optional accessory , one of the buttons to play with , or a tool to locate the nearest pizza store .
Indeed , even under the Constitutional Treaty , all states know that their partners have the express right to withdraw if they should ever become sufficiently disenchanted or come to look upon the EU as a bad bargain .
As a signal to both , Nato 's military presence in the Baltics should be kept to a minimum .
Moreover , if Nato membership for the Baltics is rejected , they will need reassurance that the West will assist them , concretely , should their security be put at risk .
All this signaled to allies abroad and citizens at home that Britain 's cooperation should not be taken for granted , that it requires domestic approval .
But their people rightly demand that government should not just serve the interests of others .
It is not only America 's enduring willingness to use her unique power in ways generally benign to international stability that should put fears over this trend to rest ; nor the other familiar phenomenon that American administrations tend to start off with ideology before they arrive at pragmatism .
In the past , the Geneva Convention prescribed how regular prisoners of war and members of irregular military forces should be treated when apprehended : they are not to be dealt with as criminals .
The best `` serious consequences '' of which the UN Security Council has warned should Iraq fail to comply with its obligations would be an even more intense effort to destroy its illicit weapons through continuous inspections of the country 's offensive military capabilities : inspectors , not invaders .
They should publicly laud the President 's statesmanship for having given the world the most effective instrument against the spread of weapons of mass-destruction , as well as for curbing Iraqi influence in the Middle East and weakening Saddam 's regime .
Mr. Bush 's international credibility , they should emphasize , does not suffer through avoiding a war but gains further through controlling Iraq 's hitherto covert military effort .
If they really hoped to be believed , they should have listened to my interlocutors in the old city of Riga over the next few days .
France and Germany , acting together , were able for many years to provide this sort of leadership , and this should be recalled .
Whoever thought that NATO - that most successful expression of transatlantic solidarity - had found new cohesion after the divisive Iraq crisis should visit the alliance 's headquarters .
Unfortunately , most European governments merely shrug their shoulders when the issue is raised .
If the negotiations should fail , the transatlantic cleavage could once again become glaringly wide .
In fairness , it should be acknowledged that it was under Schroeder that Germany shed hesitations to deploy soldiers abroad .
It is merely to point out what should be obvious : Israel 's efforts to find a unilateral solution to its security problems -- whether occupation , withdrawal , or separation -- have failed .
The six governments that are currently considering the next steps to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear bomb -- the five permanent members of the UN Security Council and Germany -- should heed that advice .
Instead of making a halt to uranium enrichment the be-all and end-all of their effort , their central objective should be to subject the Iranian activities to as much verification as possible : if Iran wants to enrich , so be it , but it must accept intrusive international inspections .
That is why the Six should stop digging a deeper hole .
Instead of formulating new sanctions for the UN Security Council , they should use the next few months to explore confidentially what level of restrictions combined with verification Iran would consider in exchange for undisputed enrichment .
By all means , the Six should keep the option of more biting resolutions as an inducement to Iranian compromise .
But those who now call on the Security Council to issue rapid condemnations of Iran 's behavior should keep two things in mind : they are unlikely to have any effect , and the US has already used such resolutions as a pretext for launching military action on its own .
The thinking is clear -LRB- if rarely spelled out clearly by politicians -RRB- : whereas a loss of market confidence in the British state 's solvency would most likely trigger a depression , above-target inflation can be rectified at a relatively tolerable cost to living standards -LRB- though higher than it should have been -RRB- .
The current high-stakes conundrum faced by policymakers suggests that they should apply inflation-targeting principles more flexibly in the context of a major economic shock .
So noted offshoring worriers like the economist Alan Blinder have now shifted to arguing merely that increased tradability of services means that we should extend long-standing Adjustment Assistance Programs for trade-distressed activities to include services .
NEW YORK -- Economists long ago put to rest the error that Adam Smith made when he argued that manufacturing should be given primacy in a country 's economy .
In fact , the dubious notion that we should select economic activities based on their presumed technical innovativeness has been carried even further , in support of the argument that we should favor semiconductor chips over potato chips .
So good trade policy should push for multilateral trade liberalization such as at the Doha Round , rather than preferential trade agreements -LRB- PTAs -RRB- such as free-trade areas -LRB- FTAs -RRB- , and also ensure that any retreat into protectionism does not degenerate into discriminatory trade practices .
But the fact that CSR is being demanded , and occasionally conceded , does not ensure clarity about either its rationale or the ways in which it should be undertaken .
CSR can be divided into two categories : what corporations should do -LRB- say , contribute to a women 's rights NGO or build a village school -RRB- and what they should not do -LRB- say , dump mercury into rivers or bury hazardous materials in landfills -RRB- .
The latter is wholly conventional and subject to regulation -LRB- and recently to questions about how corporations should behave when there are no host-country regulations -RRB- .
Instead of CSR , we should have PSR -LRB- personal social responsibility -RRB- .
Moreover , it is hard to see how a corporation 's stakeholders can always arrive democratically at a common position on how the corporation should engage in social responsibility on their behalf . Each will consider his or her CSR view the best .
All these rationales for CSR suggest that it should be left to each corporation to determine , just as PSR leaves altruism to each individual 's conscience and sense of what needs supporting .
Instead , the model should be former United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan 's initiative , the Global Compact .
How concerned should advanced countries be about the outsourcing of manufacturing to China or software development to India ?
MEDFORD , MASSACHUSETTS -- Imagine that the arguments triggered by the Hindenberg disaster were about the fire extinguishers and parachutes that airships should carry , rather than about the design flaws that might cause them to ignite .
Consider the seemingly heated debate over how much capital banks should hold .
But this dependence should not disguise the fact that there is a commonality of foreign policy interests between Europe and America .
The EU 's foreign policy should be guided by the following goals :
Negotiations on the EU association agreement should proceed -- this is an issue of strategic importance to Europe -- but subsequent steps will inevitably depend on Ukraine 's commitment to the values and principles underpinning European integration .
In most human disease , oxidative stress is merely a symptom . So the link between oxidative stress and disease should not be overemphasized .
In short , we should stop taking pills and eat more fruits and vegetables .
Having triggered and then witnessed the `` anti-Brussels '' vote , what should European governments do ?
They should put in place as soon as possible credible consolidation plans that are specific in terms of not only goals , but also the tools to achieve them .
The pace of fiscal consolidation should be set with a keen eye on growth and employment .
Thus , the tools used to carry out fiscal adjustment should boost economic efficiency , or at least not damage it .
Under such conditions , a mere nudge in interest rates by the Federal Reserve should set right any residual problem ; if not , a tax cut will do the trick .
Others argue that the old myths should be abandoned in favor of a bold move forward .
Witness the muddled debate within the French Socialist party in the aftermath of its defeat , with the `` left of the left '' and the `` right of the left '' in a fight for control both of the party and the route by which it should eventually return to power .
Some governments -- most notably France and Germany -- are trying to do the second . They should feel freer to do the first .
Ms. Park once pledged to provide loans for working-class families from elementary school to college years , while contending that local universities should be empowered to have more autonomy .
But why should Latin American countries care about these capital flows and the revaluation of their currencies ?
So what should Latin American economies do ?
But it is the agenda of pending reforms that should stifle excessive complacency .
That agenda , with obvious country differences , spans five important areas , which together should be the focus of policy attention aimed at solidifying the region 's transformation .
But the region 's success should be seen as a base for cementing progress , rather than as an end in itself .
But falling share prices should not blind us to the fact that on top of the ongoing information revolution , three fresh waves of revolutionary technology are poised to hit : bio-technology -LRB- including new medical technologies and genetic engineering , such as the creation of human embryos through cloning -RRB- , nanotechnology , and robotics .
Economic ministers suggested that pension reform and long-term fiscal sustainability should also guide country evaluations under the SGP , while some countries insisted that it should be linked to the Lisbon agenda .
Finally , to strengthen cross-country comparability further , the benchmark should be variations in the stock of pension debt under given economic and demographic assumptions , rather than the debt level itself .
Why should the rest of Europe care if , say , Spain preserves a generous pension system ?
But while the objective is to `` harmonize policies towards economic migrants across the EU , '' the Paper states at the outset that decisions on this matter should remain solely under the jurisdiction of national governments .
Similarly , the Paper proposes that the self-employed should be admitted after an evaluation of their business plans .
Even if the Paper 's suggestion were plausible , which it is not , it begs a larger question : should we prevent migrants from taking entrepreneurial risks ?
Under this scheme , job-security provisions , mainly in the form of mandated severance payments , should increase steadily as workers acquire seniority .
Neglecting the problem of entry into the labor market could backfire by increasing pressure for more public expenditure just when governments should start reducing the huge public debts accumulated during the recession .
The `` peer pressure '' that should have been exerted in the open coordination method has been a powerful tool to exert `` peer protection '' in justifying delays in attaining the targets .
Rather than wasting time and public money to set up or maintain the Lisbon bureaucracy , the EU should closely monitor the attainment of those national and EU-wide targets that involve significant spillovers across jurisdictions .
A similar fate occurred to a Robin Hood tax , which , according to Finance Minister Giulio Tremonti , should have forced banks and oil producers to provide resources for the poor .
A government pursuing a reform agenda should , under these circumstances , make the public aware of the emergency conditions and appeal to the responsibility of the opposition .
But , as we look ahead to 2011 and beyond , we should ask ourselves : is it really wise to accord such importance to growth ?
At the very least , governments should follow Great Britain and France and consider publishing regular statistics on trends in the well-being of their citizens .
In a democracy , at least , that should surely count for something .
For football lovers , FIFA -LRB- the governing body of international football -RRB- should have been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize long ago .
According to the polls , Valéry Giscard d'Estaing , not François Mitterrand , should have been elected in 1981 .
Israel and Palestine should jointly bid for , and be awarded , the Football World Cup in 2018 .
In my view , every sensible person should want this largely ignored war to end as well .
While the UN should play a role in leading Iraq toward a free and democratic society , it must also change dramatically its own course in the war on drugs and lead the world to a saner policy .
It is time to acknowledge that the `` war on drugs '' is lost -- indeed , a monumental failure -- and that hostilities should end .
The same should hold with respect to the new UN : to join and remain a UN member would require respecting the international commitments undertaken by each state , beginning with the UN Charter and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
The standard for admission should not be a country 's mere existence , but its fulfillment of certain criteria of democratic governance .
Like the European Union , the UN should possess mechanisms to suspend or even expel members that fail to respect democratic norms .
That re-founding should start without delay .
Should Saddam be tried by Iraqis in Iraq , or should he face an international tribunal ?
However , the aim of his trial should be not only to bring to justice the dictator and his accomplices , but also to foster national reconciliation through the affirmation by Iraqis of universal principles such as non-discrimination , fairness , and transparency .
If judging Saddam Hussein and his regime is to become a cornerstone in the building of a free , democratic , and reconciled Iraq , then the US , as the leader of the coalition that ousted him , should do everything in its power to pursue this opportunity and set a very high standard of justice .
These institutions have finally established the principle that major violations of human rights and dignity are of universal concern and that the international community should actively participate in the quest for justice and reparation for victims .
It should reach out to the UN in an exercise similar to those that , without providing for capital punishment , have brought to justice Slobodan Milosevic and the leaders responsible for the Rwandan genocide -- and that tomorrow might bring to the dock Liberia 's Charles Taylor and dozens of Khmer Rouge leaders .
It could also facilitate the process of internationalizing the burden of rebuilding Iraq , which can not be shouldered entirely by the US and its allies .
Scientists generally agree that research should be done within that period -- and always allowed on spare embryos that will never be implanted .
So what should be done ?
I believe the UN should push for an immediate de facto suspension , without waiting for the debates to begin on legal reforms in the respective countries .
When this is necessary , states experiencing a boom should be taxed more than states experiencing a bust .
Whether this investment is sustainable in the long term , and how it might affect macroeconomic performance , should be analyzed technically rather than ideologically .
Of course , a similar evaluation should be made of Latin America 's rightist governments .
Those who would write off the euro as a failure should consider that it is only ten years old .
No one should write off California ; it still has great strengths .
This simple analysis should raise a red flag about how we think about the trade-offs between dynamism and security , or growth and redistribution .
But how much public capital should be used , and on what terms ?
But governments should be wary of expensive fiscal stimulus .
America does need a clearinghouse for derivatives , and a much higher percentage of derivative trading should take place on exchanges , rather than bilaterally over the counter .
Any institution that is or could quickly become too big to fail needs to have adequate capital -LRB- rising with size -RRB- , and real-time continuous monitoring of risk , but these measures should be implemented without overbearing micromanagement .
To balance the benefits of scale and scope with the socialized losses to taxpayers , firms deemed too big to fail should be required to have more capital , and the amount should rise disproportionately with size .
These automatic effects should soon begin to reverse as economic activity recovers , but there is much debate , including at the G-8 and G-20 meetings , over whether the discretionary stimulus should be extended or ended , repeated or reversed .
All economists agree that we should allow the automatic stabilizers to work .
Governments should fund R&D until it reaches the stage where private firms could appropriate -LRB- the bulk of -RRB- the benefit .
It should also remain generic research , thereby maintaining a level playing field for commercial applications .
Governments should not be in the game of using subsidies , taxes , regulation , mandates , loans , and investments to pick particular winners .
Government should set general goals for energy and the environment and then let entrepreneurs , investors , and consumers decide how best to achieve them .
It should fund basic scientific and technological research applicable to these issues .
Assisted dying -- from ` Should we do it ? ' to ` Who should do it ? '
Assisted dying -- from ` Should we do it ? ' to ` Who should do it ? '
There is also another central question that has not yet been granted the attention it merits : who should actually take responsibility for the assistance ?
In such a medicalized framework it is morally and legally almost irrelevant who finally administers the lethal drug : if physicians are closely involved , there is no reason why they should not administer the lethal drug themselves .
What is happening at the moment could be described as a power struggle over who should be responsible for a service that more and more people wish to be available but where no amount of professional expertise can fully safeguard the right decision .
That should not surprise us .
But if fair play is to be made global , European initiatives should be part of broader international efforts , involving both like-minded partners such as the United States and multilateral institutions .
One subject China should address is freedom of belief .
Finally , why should tissue donors be entitled to compensation , as they or their progeny may benefit in the long run from the technological advances to which they contribute ?
In such circumstances , should they further their own interests by continuing to exploiting their control , or should they further the interests of those other patients by donating their tissue ?
Global public good model . In this view , the human genome is a common heritage of humankind and a global public good whose benefits should be shared with all .
Kurds will accept the arrangement because they believe that the new constitution guarantees their right to control most of the oil wealth that lies beneath their territory , and because they do n't want the blame should Baghdad descend into chaos .
But no one should expect Kenya to play a stabilizing regional role again anytime soon .
Southern governors countered that the north had controlled the country through more than three decades of authoritarian rule and that a southerner should hold the presidency for years to come .
Under Obasanjo , Soludo initiated much needed banking reforms and argued strenuously that Nigeria should pay its foreign debt .
Northern Muslims wonder why Soludo , a southern Christian , believes the government should horde excess cash that could be spent to relieve poverty among their constituents .
When Congress takes up the debate over climate change , for example , and some lawmakers call for a cap-and-trade system , others will demand to know why America should accept binding commitments to limit emissions while the Chinese refuse .
Despite this week 's turmoil in Beirut , Lebanon has an advantage that Iraqis should emulate .
Southern governors argue that control of the presidency should remain with the south for years to come , because the north controlled the country during more than three decades of dictatorship .
Defusing Iran 's Oil Weapon Like North Korea , the Iranian government will not shy from a showdown over its nuclear program . Why should it ?
But the Bush administration can seek ways to contain global energy prices -- and it should begin by refusing to be baited into escalating tensions whenever Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad pleases .
Administration officials should lower the political temperature .
They should again offer Iran direct talks .
Bush should invite Ahmadinejad to Washington .
With all that in mind , this latest move by Turkey 's parliament should be seen more as an ultimatum to Iraq 's Kurdish Regional Government to expel the Turkish Kurds and an attempt to persuade the US to use its considerable influence there .
The basic functional units of all complex living organisms , it should be remembered , are cells , not genes .
After all , the three largest EU states -- Germany , Britain , and France -- can be expected to seek agreements among themselves about the Union 's future shape , so the Benelux countries ' common goal should be to influence their actions and ensure that their thinking is acceptable to the whole community .
His opponents cavalierly dismiss the affair , with the deputy head of President Leonid Kuchma 's administration suggesting that Yushchenko should hire a food taster .
By leaving Pinchuk off this list , Yushchenko may be hinting that he wants a truce with Ukraine 's most powerful magnate should he become president .
All efforts to subvert the electoral process should be met with clear warnings that current and future aid , as well as trade privileges such as accelerated WTO accession , will be in jeopardy .
Tymoshenko is prepared to offer Yushchenko a compromise that Europe 's leaders should urge him to accept .
Europe 's leaders , who helped broker a peaceful and democratic end to the Orange Revolution , should once again help Ukraine avoid political deadlock .
While the United States has declared its intention to veto a declaration in the Security Council , several European countries , including the United Kingdom and France , intend to back the Palestinian move should negotiations with Israel remain elusive .
Currently , Palestinians oscillate between two options that imply either addressing the Security Council in a bid for full UN membership , or appealing to the General Assembly , should a US veto render success there impossible .
Focusing on the looming September showdown should not prevent decision makers from looking ahead .
Western analysts and activists should have learned by now that and military threats produce only resistance , and that genuine diplomacy involves using carrots as well as sticks .
Finally , this information should be digitized and made freely available over the Internet to all concerned researchers and parties .
The emphasis should be on building coalitions among the relatively moderate states that are threatened by radical Islamist forces , and on working hard to prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons -- a goal that is in the interests of many in the region .
Arab states do n't want to help their worst enemy . Why should anyone else ?
But , while it will be interesting to see whether he speaks out or is shut up , one should n't read too much into his election : he finished last among those elected , beating by a single vote Tayib Abu Rahman , one of Arafat 's most trusted lieutenants and an old-school hardliner .
His control of his party should help him reach the necessary compromises he will need to make with other parties in order to govern effectively .
The foreign governments that are currently engaging Pakistan should encourage its leaders to move forward on at least two related fronts : trade and better relations with India are crucial .
According to this model , China and India , not the US , should be Pakistan 's largest trading partners .
Thus , Pakistan should not devote so much of its energy to improving its access to the US textile market , as it now does .
Indeed , given competition from low-wage economies such as Bangladesh and Cambodia , Pakistan should abandon its focus on textiles altogether and expend much greater effort to develop its knowledge-based industries .
The country 's `` friends '' should encourage this effort , perhaps by requiring that the country 's provinces be given a voice in their dialogue with Zardari 's government .
Under the rules of the World Trade Organization , MFN status should have been given after both countries became members .
Indeed , a senior cabinet minister suggested recently that the international community should write off Pakistan 's debts -- an amount estimated at $ 40 billion .
After the match , Singh said that `` India and Pakistan should be working together to find cooperative solutions and need permanent reconciliation to live together in dignity and honor .
We should put our ancient animosities behind us to attend to the problems our two nations face . ''
The French junior Human Rights Minister , Rama Yade , declared that the United Nations ' principle of the `` responsibility to protect '' should be applied to Burma , forcibly if necessary .
Nevertheless , there may be cultural differences in understanding how compassion should be applied .
Asians , according to this theory , have their own values , which include thrift , deference to authority , the sacrifice of individual to collective interests , and the belief that countries should not stick their noses into others ' affairs . Hence , the hesitant response of Southeast Asian governments -- and public opinion -- to the Burmese disaster .
But perhaps we should all care at least a little , for what is happening in Belgium is unusual , but not at all unique .
Again , why should this matter ?
Why should n't the Flemish go their own way ?
It should come as no surprise that the Flemish nationalist party -LRB- Vlaams Belang -RRB- is hostile to immigrants too .
So the fate of Belgium should interest all Europeans , especially those who wish the Union well .
Why , for example , should the prosperous Germans continue to have their tax money pooled to assist the Greeks or the Portuguese ?
The choice is stark : if Europeans are prepared to fight for Georgia or Ukraine , these countries should be invited to join NATO .
But those resentments should be taken seriously in political debates . That way , the dangers of popular antipathies will be contained .
Under all the confident-sounding dismissals of US power , there is still some yearning to return to a more reassuring time , when the democratic world could lay its collective head on Uncle Sam 's broad shoulders .
The Strange Death of Multiculturalism An ideology which holds that people from different cultures must live in separate communities within a country , should not take an interest in each other and must not criticise each other is both wrong and unworkable .
Of course , multiculturalism 's more thoughtful advocates never imagined that a cultural community could or should substitute for a political community .
The main problem with this idea was that people from Turkey , Morocco , and the Arab countries , some deeply religious and some quite secular , and all with perceptible animosities towards each other , would never have agreed on what should constitute such a pillar .
But this does n't mean that we should not weigh our words with care .
We should distinguish carefully between different kinds of Islam , and not confuse violent revolutionary movements with mere religious orthodoxy .
He should be criticized , even ridiculed , but not jailed .
But it is not so easy to define precisely what those limits should be , for they depend on who says what to whom , and even where .
Legally , this should probably be the point where words are designed to result in violence .
Modernization should be carried out by self-governing people , not imposed by foreign force .
Tibetans , in other words , should be allowed to modernize themselves .
Why should nationality be defined by language or ethnicity ?
If Tibetans should be allowed to break away from China , why not the Welsh from Britain , the Basques from Spain , the Kurds from Turkey , or the Kashmiris from India ?
In some cases , the answer might be : well , perhaps they should .
Zhao 's book will doubtlessly inspire more debates on what lessons we should draw from `` June Fourth . ''
It should have been clear to them that a violent crackdown was inevitable .
And this should be the main lesson to draw from those Spring days in Beijing , and Shanghai , and Guangzhou , and many other places : Chinese have as much right as any other people to speak freely , without fear of arrest , to elect their own leaders , and to have laws that apply to everyone , even to the leaders themselves .
As he put it to his daughter in an interview published online : '' -LRB- Crowley -RRB- should have gotten out of there and said , ` I 'm sorry , sir , good luck .
One should always be careful about attributing motives to other people 's views .
So what should Polanski do ?
The Obama administration , struggling to fulfill its own promises of change , should be more understanding of its Japanese counterpart .
If the US is as serious about promoting freedom abroad as it claims , it should not be hindering one of its closest ally 's efforts to strengthen its democracy .
But the Chinese should have the right to decide about that themselves .
And Liu Xiaobo should be honored for saying so .
But Europe -- and Japan , for that matter -- should start by making economic migration legitimate . This means working out what jobs need to be filled , and welcoming those who will fill them , not as guests , but as equal citizens .
But does that mean that should we give up on democracy if Islamist parties have a chance of winning elections ?
Egypt is not Iran or Algeria , so one should be careful about drawing parallels .
Egyptians should be allowed to make that choice .
It is their show , and so it should be .
Despite the horrific violence of Islamist fanatics , it should not be forgotten that the mosque can also be a legitimate basis for resistance against the mostly secular dictatorships in the Middle East today .
States , too , should be held accountable for their deeds -- hence , in 1948 , the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide .
We should stop Sudan 's Omar al-Bashir 's genocide in Darfur .
AMSTERDAM -- Most European citizens -LRB- for example , more than 60 % in France and Germany -RRB- believe that Turkey should not become part of the European Union .
So , if Europeans do n't even believe in their own union , why should Turkey wish to join it ?
Those who believe that common interests and liberal institutions should define the EU would gain by this acceptance .
For all the finger pointing at Wilders , just because Breivik professed to admire him , the acts of a deranged killer , others caution , should not be used to discredit what he stands for .
To come back from near destitution and bloody tyranny in one generation is a great feat , and China should be saluted for it .
This would not be in anyone 's interest , so we should wish China well in 2008 , while sparing a thought for all the dissidents , democrats , and free spirits languishing in labor camps and prisons .
We should hope that they will live to see the day when the Chinese , too , will be a free people .
Wilders , a popular rabble-rouser whose party occupies nine seats in the Dutch parliament , compares the Koran to Hitler 's Mein Kampf , wants to stop Muslims from moving to the Netherlands , and thunders that those who are already in the country should tear up half the Koran if they wish to stay .
No criticism of Islam , however offensive , should ever be hampered by political correctness .
This means that anyone holding to the moral doctrines of most Christian churches should nowadays be considered a second-class citizen in the European Union .
A hearing over a nomination to be a Commissioner before an EU parliamentary committee should simply examine whether the person is competent in the area he or she is to oversee on the Commission , and whether there are elements of moral indignity -- i.e. , such obvious moral failings as to be disqualifying .
If the moral test that I endured stands , it means that Europe has come full circle : agnostics are no longer willing to accept that being religious -- and having different moral views -- should not bar someone from holding an official post .
Indeed , China offered South Korea a veiled warning that it `` should not sweat the small stuff , '' implying that the unprovoked killing of 46 South Korean sailors is a petty matter , and certainly not one that will cause China to rethink its alliance with North Korea .
New technologies should not be dropped into health care systems uninvited .
Only if a technology does not significantly raise costs , or does so only exceptionally , should governments be willing to pay for it .
That outcome should be acceptable to everyone .
But Europeans should not expect too much .
The vulnerability of women to HIV should be addressed by protecting their equal right to marital property , enforcing laws against gender-based violence , including rape in marriage , and empowering them to negotiate safer sex with men .
So what should developing countries do , aside from maintaining sound macroeconomic policies , curbing excessive domestic financial leverage , and attempting to isolate themselves from volatile capital inflows ?
The dominant policy blueprint looked roughly as follows : the monetary authorities ' focus on inflation-targeting in setting interest rates should suffice to maintain price stability and economic growth near its potential rate .
While central banks should be in charge of maintaining adequate levels of liquidity in the system , so-called `` microprudential '' financial regulation should independently oversee financial institutions ' soundness and the protection of depositors .
Vaccination rates in many parts of the United States have fallen well below 90 % for polio , meaning that the risk of an outbreak is very high should a case be introduced .
For this reason alone , no trust should be placed in claims of eradication of diseases like polio .
The best that can be done is to seek to control polio , and to hope that politics , economics , and ethics allow us to get that far . Those involved in efforts aimed at complete eradication should rethink their goal , lest faith in the unattainable leads to disaster .
Does that mean we should abandon the market economy ?
Having won some of their freedom , Latin America 's people should not be forced to pay the high price implied by their leaders ' failure to open forbidden issues to debate .
The Constituent Assembly , which should build national unity and democratic legitimacy , has been turned into a mechanism for division and absolute power .
Nor are there clearly identifiable differences in doctrine that should translate into a reasonable expectation of better economic performance under one party than the other .
Some evidence can be found in those features of the American economy that we believe others should emulate .
Israel should withdraw from all Lebanese territory , including Shebaa Farms , and release the Lebanese prisoners .
A Decade of Hugo Chávez SAN JOSE -- We should have known that something was amiss when , during President Hugo Chávez 's inauguration on February 2 , 1999 , he swore on Venezuela 's 40-year-old Constitution by declaring it `` moribund . ''
The Judicial Massacre of Srebrenica The judgment of the International Court of Justice -LRB- ICJ -RRB- concerning Serbia 's involvement in the massacre of Bosnian Muslims at Srebrenica in 1995 should be greeted with considerable ambivalence .
First , in a modern democracy , punishment must be not only retributive , but should also try to rehabilitate the criminal in order to enable him to live in society with other human beings .
Other criminologists argue that this finding , if well-founded , should then apply to any criminal law : every day , criminal prohibitions are infringed ; yet if we did not have such prohibitions , crimes would be even more rampant .
But we should not sit idly by and refrain from taking sides .
The second lesson is that the death penalty debate should not absorb all our attention .
If we intend to abolish the gallows , we should also fight for the prevention of crime and against the inhumanity of many prisons .
To avoid one of the two parties getting the upper hand and imposing arbitrary decisions , the common decision-making body should consist of four Serbian delegates , two Kosovar delegates , and three representatives of the EU , thus requiring both sides to gain the support of the European delegates .
In addition , the EU should create a small but effective military force -LRB- say , 5,000 troops -RRB- to back up the common body 's decisions .
Under this standard , the inhabitants of many European regions -- for example , Sicilians , who , in addition to the official language , also speak a dialect and live in a particular area -- should be regarded as distinct `` ethnic groups . ''
At the end of July , another Lega Nord MP , Paola Goisis , proposed in Parliament that teachers from Italy 's south should not be allowed to teach in northern schools unless they are well versed in the history , traditions , and dialects of the area where the school is located .
In many cases , American demands and desires are contrary to Latin interests , and should be resisted .
This is the single most important challenge facing Calderón ; designing and building new institutions should be his first priority .
Second , the White House must not only get the pending free trade agreements ratified by Congress , but should improve them , learning from the NAFTA experience , make them more poverty-sensitive , more environmentally - and labor-oriented , and provide more support for infrastructure and training .
Stop building fences -- even if they do make good neighbors &#45; &#45; and cease the harassment of undocumented people in the US . It 's hateful , needless , and futile : as Bush said himself , the US will never , could never , and should never deport twelve million people , illegal or not .
Bismarck was right when he said one should never look too closely at how laws and sausages are made .
It should n't , and if anyone should know that , it is Calderón .
Doing so would give whomever he chooses an edge when Raúl , who is 76 , passes on , and he and Fidel do not necessarily agree on who should come next .
Finally , supposing Uribe is on the verge of victory , what should he do with it ?
So perhaps Villalobos should be a bit more cautious , and Dieterich a bit less forlorn .
Why should the US bother ?
Why should it care whether Latin American countries closely linked to it by trade , investment , tourism , and retirees do better or worse , grow or stagnate , become more competitive or lose ground globally ?
But the US should not succumb to this temptation .
Holding free and fair elections may not be the primary issue , but nor are they issues that should be shelved in the interests of stability and expediency .
Elections must instead be part of a comprehensive process of normalization : they should neither be a deal-breaker nor a non-issue .
While the US should lift its trade embargo as soon as Cuba 's transition begins , everything else should be conditional on Cuba initiating a process of resolving all outstanding issues .
Free Trade with a Human Face MEXICO CITY -- Although many Americans believe immigration is a domestic issue that should be excluded from talks with other governments , this is not a view held by other nations -- or by the United States .
First , clear and explicit human rights and democracy clauses should be included , along the lines of similar clauses in the Mexican and Chilean Economic Association treaties with the EU .
These revised agreements should include bold , enlightened provisions for infrastructure and `` social-cohesion '' funds , since these can make the difference between muddling through and true success .
Free-trade advocates should not view Obama 's demand that these deals be revisited as a mistake , but rather as an opportunity to improve and deepen them ; McCain 's supporters should not see the incorporation of all of the aforementioned inclusions as `` European nonsense , '' but rather as a way to narrow the gap between the agreements ' promise and their actual results .
They are attracting wider support than they should -- in part because of fear of retaliation against UN peacekeepers and humanitarian workers .
He proved unable to forge lasting legislative coalitions , leading Calderón to decide that his first break with the past should consist in building alliances to enact reform .
He may be right , but the alternative is no military makeover , and no likelihood of winning a war that perhaps should not have been declared in the first place .
It was a war that Calderón should not have declared , that can not be won , and that is doing enormous damage to Mexico .
It should , because Insulza is probably the only figure who can both learn from and correct the OAS 's mistakes of the past five years , and thus save it from oblivion .
This review should be the main task of the re-elected Secretary-General , together with keeping the OAS united and defending Latin American democracy against the ALBA onslaught .
Even the country 's proverbial inequality is beginning to shrink , albeit slowly , and lower-middle-class living standards are finally rising to where they should have been a decade ago .
But he should ponder the shifts taking place in the hemisphere .
Still , it is a bold initiative that should be revived in view of Latin America 's incipient arms race .
But , as Latin America 's left claims more governments -- today in Brazil , Chile , Venezuela , Uruguay , and partly Argentina , and perhaps Mexico , Bolivia , and Nicaragua in the near future -- there is no reason why it should be immune from the region 's eternal ills .
But Mexicans have been duly warned about how López Obrador will run the country should he be elected to succeed Vicente Fox as president : the same way he ran their capital city .
Indeed , events of the last couple of decades - the AIDS viruses transferring from monkeys to man , followed by their global spread , being just one example - should have convinced us that , where diseases are concerned , the unexpected will happen .
Internally , Europe should remain both an open society and an open economy .
We should fight against the protectionist temptations that would unravel the very foundation of the European project , a project based on the `` four freedoms '' : free movement of goods , people , services , and capital .
Nor should today 's uncertainties become an excuse to call into question the need to continue and complete the process of EU enlargement .
Of course , the process of accession depends on the readiness of the adhering countries , but it should not be halted or slowed down .
The latter , however , should be ready to share the burden with us .
Finally , in times of economic crisis we should be guided more than ever by our common democratic values -- the inner dimension of our European identity and a crucial unifying factor for our societies .
Sweden 's assumption of the EU Presidency this month should help these efforts .
The establishment of `` Comprehensive Institution-Building Programs , '' designed to support reform of key institutions in each partner country , should take place before the year 's end .
Nevertheless , it does represent a clear commitment by the EU to lend its political and economic support to their transition and reform -- a process that should bring prosperity and stability to the whole region .
And it should be remembered that Latin America 's most recent electoral fraudsters -- Manuel Noriega of Panama in 1989 and Alberto Fujimori in Peru in 2000 -- were evicted from power before finishing their terms in office .
Any ruler in his right mind should be concerned whether making such a move will not ultimately harm rather than advance his interests .
A survey by Taiwan 's China Times found that 56 % of those polled resented the anti-secession law , with 47 % saying that Taiwan should retaliate by either holding a public referendum on the issue or introducing counter-legislation of its own .
How should Ahmedinejad 's denial that Iran intends to pursue nuclear arms be judged in light of his Holocaust denial ?
What Holocaust deniers seek most is to undo the idea that Nazi crimes should have any impact on current international relations or on global notions of morality .
Indeed , any Indian able to read this article should consider himself lucky , because India 's politicians have succeeded in keeping a majority of the country 's population thoroughly illiterate -LRB- as well as poor and unhealthy -RRB- .
As India 's educated revolt against preferences , they should not do so in a way that reinforces illiteracy .
Public policy , however , should be based on evidence and logic , not glib sociological babble .
If caste is a good indicator of deprivation now , it should have been even clearer in the past .
My student asked why Rivero stayed and he replied with the mantra he lived : `` Why should I leave , this is my country . ''
Because Latin American countries enjoy the billions of dollars that their countrymen in the United States send home , they should take note of how many of their benefactors are being treated by American officials .
So , a first question for Latin America should be how do the candidates differ on treating the undocumented countrymen already in the US ?
The US and South Korea should , according to Chinese officials , discontinue holding joint naval exercises there , apparently out of respect for China 's new power .
The democratic world should never stand by idly while a tyrant uses military force to massacre civilians .
That is where the focus of the fight should be .
Worse , while promoting multilateralism on the world stage , China has given the cold shoulder to multilateral cooperation among river-basin states .
First , ownership rights to the remaining state assets should be distributed equally to China 's 1.3 billion citizens .
Underlying these various , and often banal , tidbits of information -- it should be no surprise that Americans found Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi `` vain , '' or regarded Zimbabwe 's Robert Mugabe as a `` crazy old man '' -- is the larger question of whether governments should be able to keep secrets .
Second , the identities and activities of a service 's operational staff should be withheld , so that they can do their jobs and to ensure their safety .
While smaller Taiwan should be careful not to provoke its giant neighbor , China must come to terms with the workings of a functioning democracy .
To allay China 's fury over his private trip to Taiwan this summer before becoming Singapore 's prime minister , Lee Hsien Loong said that his country will not support Taiwan should it declare formal independence from mainland China .
Similarly , a higher electoral threshold for winning seats should counter vote buying by candidates .
This should pave the way for a meaningful dialogue at the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation -LRB- SAARC -RRB- meeting to be held in Islamabad between January 4-5 .
But Vajpayee should try to do more than score points off Musharraf .
Vajpayee should test Pakistan 's seriousness on this point .
Given these precedents and the widespread instability exposed by this year 's elections , perhaps Asian policymakers should consider the merits of doing away with `` cohabitation '' and adopting systems where electoral victory translates into real power .
Legal responsibility should not be much harder to disentangle .
We should take such concerns seriously , but they should not prevent further research on brain-machine interfaces .
Brain technologies should be presented as one option , but not the only solution , for , say , paralysis or deafness .
All of this should be seen in the context of the NCP 's long track record of human-rights abuses and reneging on agreements .
As part of the effort to support negotiations over the post-referendum issues that could lead to renewed North-South war , the United States has presented a range of incentives for the parties to choose peace and has committed to imposing serious measures should they choose violence .
Based on a five-year project that we led at the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , we believe that the UPE goal is not ambitious enough : the world should aim for , and can achieve , high-quality , universal secondary education , as well as universal primary education .
Instead , surgical military strikes based on an expanded intelligence effort should complement the peace process , prying extremists away from the MILF mainstream .
The Group 's mandate should be widened , and resources should be provided to allow it to tackle terrorism explicitly .
Pigs should be vaccinated , given anesthesia , provided even with the chance of a merciful euthanasia .
Better yet , the pig should die in his sleep , finished off peacefully by trained executioners .
Everything should be supervised by vets . Otherwise , you are infringing EU regulations and are guilty of exercising `` unnecessary cruelty '' upon animals .
But perhaps before we Romanians are asked to establish animal rights , we should told to pay more attention to ensuring respect for our own .
He threatened -LRB- or promised -RRB- that criminals would be herded into stadiums and machine-gunned should he come to power .
But no one should be fooled .
Nonetheless , a community must and should assume and share its burdens .
Given the central role of financial intermediation in the current crisis , the government should instead expedite the restructuring process through bankruptcy law .
First , the value of financial institutions ' investments should immediately be marked down to their market values . Based on those values , contracts with existing equity and debt holders should then be restructured .
If the losses are big enough that existing equity and debt holders are wiped out , government insurers should make up the difference to protect depositors .
From that point , the bank should operate normally .
To the extent that government becomes involved in restructuring financial institutions , it should avoid unnecessary wealth transfers from taxpayers to the security holders of the financial institutions .
In traditional Western European markets , health officials should brace for a rise in the number of deaths from drug overdoses , as this year 's bumper opium crop will lead to higher-purity doses of heroin .
Coalition forces should take a more robust approach to the drug problem . Counter-insurgency and counter-narcotics are two sides of the same coin .
NATO troops should be given the green light to help the Afghan army fight opium -- destroy the heroin labs , disband the opium bazaars , attack the opium convoys , and bring the big traders to justice .
If the US wants to increase jobs , it should intensify efforts to work with these private Iraqi companies to bid on contracts .
State-owned enterprises should also be free to bid , but they should receive no favors .
How then should foreign assistance to Iraq be spent ?
The US should increase spending on programs to improve the police .
But the EU should not rejoice at this seeming triumph over American `` big business . '' Instead , it should ponder if its policies actually make Europe hospitable for innovating enterprises .
So the future of the world 's climate rests not just on their shoulders individually , but on their ability to work together .
Confucius himself emphasized that everybody should have an equal opportunity to be educated .
That should be the task of meritocratically selected elites .
· Donors should deny Ethiopian ministers a seat at diplomatic tables , such as the coveted spot Zenawi got at the G-20 summit in London as head of the New Partnership for Africa 's Development ;
· As a leading donor , the EU wields considerable power in Ethiopia and should be more willing to use it .
The EU should aggressively enforce the Cotonou Agreement , which requires Ethiopia and other nations that receive European assistance to respect `` human rights , democratic principles , and the rule of law . ''
· The EU and the US should wield more of their clout at the World Bank and other international organizations to link development grants to progress on press freedom and human rights .
More than that , it is the first principle that should guide the actions of those who share the West 's values .
The question of how the international community should deal with Saddam Hussein , Iraq 's ruthless dictator , is rightly the year 's dominant theme .
But views about what Europe is and should be are actually at the heart of today 's anti-Americanism .
In the 1950s , the answer was simple : Europeans should never go to war against each other again .
Perhaps Schröder should spare a thought for his two great predecessors , Konrad Adenauer and Willy Brandt .
Political decisions can -- or at any rate , should -- never claim to represent the truth .
They are intrinsically time-bound attempts to come to terms with issues , and they should be allowed to run their course if they are based on deliberations by elected majorities of representatives .
After initial uncertainties , there was soon a clear and widely recognized vision of where the country should go .
Having said that , it is striking that a man of liberal values such as my `` Peace Now '' friend should advocate the physical separation of groups as the road - perhaps the only road - to peace . Things , of course , are not that simple .
Having said that , it is striking that a man of liberal values such as my PeaceNow friend should advocate the physical separation of groups as the road - perhaps the only road - to peace .
The notion that groups should have equal rights but remain separate was once the ultimate concession of traditionalists in the old segregated American South .
The notion that groups should have equal rights but remain separate was once the ultimate concession of traditionalists in the old segregated American South .
So far as separateness is concerned , it should not be explicitly promoted unless a fence seems to be the only hope of peace .
It should , however , be allowed , while at the same time common spaces should be both available and safe for all .
At the risk of offending many friends of a democratic persuasion , I have now concluded that the rule of law should come first when constitutionalism is brought to an ex-dictatorship , and democracy second .
So what should we do ?
Perhaps we should look at Popper again and remember his advice : to use what reason we have to tackle our insecurities .
It is debatable whether governments should ever frighten their citizens by painting the horror scenario of `` inevitable '' attack .
Non-aggressive demonstrations of difference - including Islamic headscarves worn by students or teachers in largely Christian countries - should be bearable .
But violence should never be tolerated .
If we are forced to abandon the hope of assimilation , our efforts should concentrate on creating a public space to which all contribute and that all enjoy .
Ideally , this should be an expanding public space , for in the end , the element of unity in a modern society is the guarantee of its citizens ' liberty .
One was that Germany should be flattened and reduced to a pre-industrial society from which no effective aggression could ever emerge again .
The other was that Germany should be helped on the way to democracy .
We should remember this as we pursue the elusive objective of democracy in Iraq , so that we are not surprised if the upcoming election fails to generate a legitimate government .
One week it is the UN Security Council vote about a continued US presence in the Bosnia peacekeeping mission . Before that the setting up of the International Criminal Court without American participation set both sides on edge , and the question of whether the Palestinians should be told whom not to elect as their leader .
What should be done instead ?
`` Political solutions '' should be found , which really means that the European method of consensus building without firm action should be applied to the world at large .
For free societies to flourish , the boundaries of free speech should always be widened rather than narrowed .
In my view , Holocaust denial should not be outlawed , in contrast to the demand for all , or any , Jews to be killed .
Similarly , attacks against the West in mosques , however vicious , should not be banned , in contrast to open encouragement to join suicide death squads .
The boundary between implicit and explicit incitement is not easily drawn , but , again , it should be wider rather than narrower .
Direct incitement to violence is regarded -- as it should be - -- as an unacceptable abuse of free speech ; but much that is disagreeable about the David Irving 's and the hate preachers does not fall into this category .
Their rants should be rejected with argument , not with police and prisons .
In most countries , it should probably be higher than it is now .
By the same token , reducing expectations means that the significance of the results should not be exaggerated .
Like Thatcher , Blair now hears from his party that he should go and replies that `` the people '' still want him .
Are we so sure of Darwin 's theories of evolution that we should ban alternative notions of genesis from schools ?
In the interest of enlightened discourse , the limits of free speech should be drawn as widely as possible .
`` We must keep this sensitive subject out of the campaign '' seemed to be the prevailing attitude , as if the period of heightened political awareness that elections provide should not be used to debate serious controversies .
They should be proud -- and a little humble -- about their magnetic quality , as the US was for a long time .
They should have said , `` We can say with 95 % certainty that between 8,000 and 194,000 excess Iraqi deaths occurred during the period . ''
It may not be wrong , but the authors should provide a credible explanation of why their pre-war CDR is nearly half that of the UN Population Division .
Sustainable development therefore requires that , relative to their populations , each generation should bequeath to its successor at least as large a productive base as it inherited .
In other words , economic growth should be viewed as growth in wealth , not growth in GNP .
In Europe , this should not be too difficult , because some version of an answer can surely be found in the context of the European Union .
Those disagreements are not only about Israel , or US tariffs on steel imports from the EU , or the possibility of American courts imposing the death penalty on suspected terrorists who carry European passports ; they increasingly embody a fundamentally different vision about how the world should work .
It may be argued that the Europeans should try to close this chasm , by increasing their own defense spending . Perhaps they should ; but there are two problems .
But nobody should imagine that Europeans are ever likely to share the priority attached by America to the value of military power .
Fortunately , the ground is being prepared for reform by the Convention on the future of the Union being chaired by former French President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing , which should make its institutional proposals next spring .
British Prime Minister Tony Blair says that Europe should be a partner , not a servant or a rival , of the US .
France and Germany argue that this rotational system is dysfunctional , partly because of discontinuity , and have proposed that the Council should appoint a full-time permanent President for a period of five years .
To understand why , consider that their proposal for a permanent Council President was paired with a proposal that the Commission President -- currently nominated by the Council of Ministers -- should in future be elected by the European Parliament , and subsequently be endorsed by a majority vote of the Council of Ministers .
Even the British may learn to understand Europe , though no one should count on it .
But we should not overlook the fact that the Convention has slipped in quite a number of proposals which are inherently federalist . These include the generalization of majority voting , enlargement of the European Parliament 's role , the notion of public proceedings for the Council of Ministers -LRB- making it almost like a senate -RRB- , the introduction of the possibility of withdrawal from the Union , and even the possibility of treaty ratification by majority .
Neither of them have been able to say how this should be done .
These people were `` consenting adults in private , '' and the state should avert its gaze .
Since the French , of all continental Europeans , most respect the convention that no useful work should be done in the month of August , this is harsh treatment for their bankers .
If there is more equity , then logically debt should be cheaper , as the company -LRB- or bank -RRB- is better insulated from default .
Bankers accept that , in the long run , the theorem might hold , but argue that it will take time , especially given recent events , to persuade investors that banks are genuinely safer , and that their shares should be thought of as closer to utility stocks , yielding a lower return .
Not all of them are , of course , for there are poorly paid bank clerks and cleaners who count in this category . But is it possible to justify the enormous rewards earned -- or should we say received -- by investment bankers , hedge fund managers and private equity partners ?
So if it is true that trust in financial institutions -- and in the governments that oversee them -- has been damaged by the crisis , we should care a lot , and we should be devising responses which seek to rebuild that trust .
Maybe we should trust each other more -- but not too much .
But it has no formal authority to mandate a common approach to capital -LRB- the G-20 should give it one -RRB- .
What should be done about the mammoths of the financial jungle -- some of which were conjured into being by governments themselves in the heat of the crisis ?
Was he not a hard-core member of the `` Greenspan consensus , '' which held that it was not the Fed 's responsibility to look out for bubbles , whether of asset prices or credit , and that it should limit itself to mopping up after the event ?
President Obama should not draw the conclusion that arguments about the Fed 's accountability have gone away with Bernanke 's confirmation .
To protect the Fed 's independence , which is a global public good of the highest importance , he should cut back the Fed 's authority to its core role .
And the episode served to reinforce an international consensus that countries ' monetary policy should focus on domestic price stability while letting exchange rates float freely .
For example , Paul De Grauwe of the University of Leuvem has proposed that the European Central Bank should intervene when exchange-rate developments are out of touch with economic reality , in order to send a signal to the markets .
A promise of something that we should know can not be guaranteed is also known as a lie .
Instead , we should be attacking known environmental carcinogens -- not just tobacco , but also radiation , sunlight , benzene , solvents , and some drugs and hormones .
The limited nature of evidence on some environmental cancer hazards should not be confused with proof that no harm has occurred : the research is hard to do , and , in the US , very little of it is now funded by the government and private sector .
Why should it be considered witty to celebrate the uselessness of knowledge ?
These jokes all seem to rely on the same assumption : everyone thinks that knowledge , especially scientific knowledge , should be useful .
Cooperation would also need to comprise much more than mere joint policy development , and should involve the practical pursuit of mutually beneficial , smaller-scale ad hoc projects .
If security cooperation is to be a success , politically sensitive issues should be avoided , with the emphasis squarely on practical measures .
Lula should look to Europe for examples of how to achieve high rates of growth and job creation yet maintain social protection .
The idea is not that Brazil should seek to implement the Dutch social-economic model -- the countries are too different for that .
But Lula can and should follow Kok 's example and use his trade union connections , as well as his rapport with the working class , to achieve a social pact aimed at achieving sustained improvement in Brazil 's overall economic performance and realizing its potential to become Latin America 's economic powerhouse .
Now its government should encourage a Wassenaar-style guarantee of social peace .
One main objective should be to transform Afghanistan 's vast underground economy , which has thrived , despite the large number of NATO forces , by creating profitable opportunities for Taliban and other groups involved in the fighting .
In particular , the United States , together with other donors and NATO troop contributors , should heed `` Ten Commandments '' during and after the negotiations .
The US and other countries should open their markets to goods produced in these zones .
In settling the Afghan war , the government and donors should seek to eschew the pattern of unkept promises that has bedeviled reconstruction of the country in the past .
To meet these goals , the objective of peace should prevail over that of development if the two come into conflict .
This also means that peace-related programs should get priority in budget allocations .
A weak interim national government -- or a United Nations or foreign occupying administration -- should not attempt to implement policies such as privatizing national resources when doing so might incite political resistance .
The sales technique should be based on fiscal and regulatory concepts and be expressed in legal and financial jargon , which only experts can do .
The executive director should put together a team of analysts located in critical locations abroad and able to conduct business intelligence . This requires investigation of markets and trends , and identification of specific firms that would be desirable for the clusters or niches that the country wants to promote .
Before these `` pledges '' become `` commitments , '' donors should carefully examine Georgia 's economic development strategy and assess its plans for humanitarian and reconstruction aid .
They should ask whether aid for Georgia contributes to peace and stability or , on the contrary , whether it will impede a political solution to the conflict and keep investors away .
While `` humanitarian aid '' can not be neglected , it should be recognized that such aid promotes consumption rather than investment , creating price distortions and work disincentives .
Reconstruction aid to improve infrastructure , promote start-up companies , and reactivate micro - and small enterprises , services , mining , and other sectors , and to improve agricultural yields and irrigation , should start right away and should be the main focus of international aid commitments .
Georgia 's government and donors should consider using aid to provide subsidies to private enterprises to encourage and lower the cost of employing IDPs .
Indeed , the way the world has sought to resolve the financial crisis offers interesting insights about how the foreign-affairs crisis should be approached .
Emergency or humanitarian policies may improve basic consumption in the short run , but they may also discourage investment , increase inflation , and lower prospects for economic in the long run . As a result , such policies should be discontinued as soon as possible .
To avoid a continuation of conflict and aid-dependency , the main focus of the international aid commitment should be to reactivate small enterprises and promote startup companies in various sectors in order to create viable economies that enable people to earn a legal and decent living .
World leaders should recognize that a larger investment in reconstruction , together with a comprehensive and well-balanced strategy to ensure accountability and appropriate policies for lawful employment , could have prevented these vast military expenditures , both in Iraq since 2006 and in Afghanistan since the Taliban government was ousted in 2001 .
Just as world leaders have led the global discussion on policies to resolve the financial crisis , they should start a broad-based debate on the international community 's future involvement in Afghanistan , Iraq , and other war-torn countries , where better living conditions are needed to give the local population a stake in the peace process .
The international community should recognize that military , security , and peacekeeping operations are costly and will not succeed in the absence of new , innovative , and integrated strategies for economic reconstruction .
Because the main short-term challenge in any transition to peace is national reconciliation , the political objective of peace should prevail at all times over the economic or financial objective of development if the two ever clash , as they often do .
Cash payments should be minimized to immediate short-term needs , but an active policy of job creation urgently needs to be implemented .
The most obvious piece of advice is that America 's financial system should follow more faithfully the advice its advocates dispensed to others .
Outsiders should also remind America that its population is aging and that big savings will be needed to pay for the looming retirement of the baby boomers .
So while the economic case for greater private and public investment in education is stronger than ever , most individuals ca n't save enough to pay for it , and education - despite all the talk of politicians - is not the federal priority it should be .
After lording it over the world for so long , Americans should accept today 's rebukes with grace .
But if the rest of the world really wants to help , it should lecture America along the lines I suggest .
Neither the French nor the Germans , obviously , want to contemplate any possibility of a return to the days when every generation they would kill each other over the question of which language should be spoken by the mayor of Strasbourg -LRB- or is it Strassburg ? -RRB- .
So those governments whose credit is still unshaken and whose assets are still the benchmarks of quality for the world economy should be creating a lot more of them .
Which of these steps should the world 's creditworthy governments take in response to the asset-price movements of May ?
How much should they do ?
And the gap between what they should be doing and what they are doing grew markedly in May .
We should bear in mind this constraint on economic knowledge as the global drive for fiscal austerity shifts into top gear .
BERKELEY -- We hear from surprisingly many quarters these days that governments in Europe and North America , and their central banks , should give up on the expansionary policies they have pursued to try to create jobs .
But it should be easy -- at least for an average parrot -- to tell whether a fall in sales is due to a shortage of supply or a shortage of demand .
But the political reaction to the Great Recession has changed the way we should think about this issue .
Or interest rates could rise if people expect a much weaker global economy -- and , in a weaker global economy with no inflation , investors should be holding more US Treasuries , not fewer .
Another six months should not be lost .
Here , too , another six months should not be lost .
The world in the future will be a riskier place than we thought it was -- not because government will no longer offer guarantees that it should never have offered in the first place , but rather because the real risk that one 's customers might vanish in a prolonged depression is back .
In a world in which the S&P 500 has a 7 % annual earnings yield , nobody should be happy holding a US government 30-year inflation-adjusted bond that yields 1 % per year .
If it so evidently lacked confidence in the very bonds that it was buying , why should investors feel any differently ?
Half a generation later , Britain 's Parliament debated whether the modifications of the Bank 's charter should give it explicit power to conduct lender-of-last-resort operations .
Although Japan continues to stagnate , and Western Europe hovers on the edge of recession , a solid `` output-growth '' recovery in the US should prove to be a big help in boosting demand in the rest of the world .
Expect more of the same in 2004 , when the current account deficit should reach 5.1 % of GDP , despite forecasts that the US economy will grow significantly faster than most of its trading partners .
That mass delusion , Dornbusch argued , keeps the inflow going long after it should come to an end .
But should the value of the dollar suddenly collapse , the US will follow a different course .
So an end to capital inflows to the US should not set off the worries about solvency and the derangement of finance that generated recessions in Mexico and East Asia and Argentina 's deep depression .
African farmers should wonder how it could be Bush -- not some left-wing Democrat -- who reversed the archconservative Newt Gingrich 's proudest achievement : the partial reform of agricultural subsidies .
Unless stagnant employment causes a sudden cutback in household consumption , tax rebates and low interest rates should push the US economy ahead at a 4 % growth rate over the next year .
The lesson is that governments , firms , investors , workers , and parents worldwide should begin betting on the long-run trends that have become visible over the past decade .
Northwestern University economist Robert Gordon points out several interesting features of America 's GDP that should give cheerleaders of the US model and critics of Europe cause for greater circumspection .
Dealing with the short - and medium-run deficit would be fairly straightforward : decide how large a share of GDP the federal government should take up , set spending at that level , and set taxes so that the budget is balanced -LRB- or so that the debt-to-GDP ratio is not growing -RRB- over the business cycle .
To what extent do we hold on to our belief that when it comes to saving lives , medical care should be distributed on the basis of patients ' needs , not their wealth ?
Instead , governments should embrace the promise of wonderful innovations in health care , and ask how fast spending should rise , and how that rise should be financed .
The central bias of this toolkit is that we should trust the market to solve the problems we set it , and that we should not expect small -LRB- or even large -RRB- changes to have huge effects .
In the corridors around my office , all the economists agree that this factor should have pushed US interest rates up three years ago .
Or it could also mean that economists ' baseline model of the international economy -- especially the assumption of `` uncovered interest parity , '' which holds that foreign interest income expressed in the domestic currency should equal the domestic interest rate -- is simply wrong .
Those outside America , especially in Asia , should regard the unstable state of the US macro-economy with grave concern .
When the time comes to revisit international policies on global warming , two things should happen .
To the extent that the Bush administration has a coherent philosophy for domestic policy , it is the idea of the `` ownership society '' -- the belief that intermediary institutions , whether governments , unions , or the benefits departments of companies , should get out of the business of providing social insurance .
However much we may worry about the distributional consequences of outsourcing , we should never overlook the fact that it increases the total size of the economic pie .
Inequality on the March How much should we worry about inequality ?
Nor should we worry a great deal that some people are richer than others .
This kind of inequality should be a source of concern .
But a quarter of my brain wonders how investors should attempt to insure against the lowest tail of the economic-political distribution , and that quarter of my brain can not see which way somebody hoping to insure against that risk should jump .
Mr. Greenspan was a strong believer , in practice if not in theory -- for who could understand his theory ? -- that central bankers should speak in an opaque and convoluted dialect .
So we really do n't know whether we should tell central bankers to brush up on their Greenspanese .
We should be happy and grateful , but we should not expect it to continue .
Central banks should not focus only on keeping markets liquid .
So central banks must also focus on how the fall in the volume of money flowing through financial markets will affect spending , and on how much they should cut interest rates and expand money supply to offset these effects .
The indictment contains four counts : that Greenspan wrongly cheered the growth of non-standard adjustable-rate mortgages , which fueled the housing bubble ; that he wrongly endorsed Bush 's tax cuts ; that he should have reined in the stock market bubble of the 1990 's ; and that he should have done the same with the real estate bubble of the 2000 's .
He also testified that tax cuts are better than spending increases to keep surpluses from growing too large , but that uncertainty is enormous , so that any tax cuts should be canceled if they threatened to bring us back to an age of deficits .
The `` felonies '' of which Greenspan stands accused are the other two charges : that he should have done more to stop the stock market bubble of the late 1990 's , and that he should have done more to stop the housing bubble of the early 2000 's .
As long as imbalances of world trade and capital flows unwind slowly and smoothly , the magnitude of any global economic distress should be relatively small . Of course , it will not seem small to exporters and their workers who lose their American markets , or to Americans who lose access to cheap capital provided by foreigners .
The large gap between US and foreign long-term interest rates that should emerge from and signal expectations of a falling dollar does not exist .
We also believe that government should play a powerful role in managing the market to avoid large depressions , redistributing income to produce higher social welfare , and preventing pointless industrial structuring produced by the fads and fashions that sweep the minds of financiers .
The idea took hold that tax cuts should be undertaken all the time , at every opportunity , because reducing taxes supposedly raised revenue .
After all , as he put it : `` Why should I do anything for posterity ?
But the rule is that governments should run surpluses and not deficits , so various American presidents ' economic advisers have been advocates of aiming for budget surpluses except in times of slack demand and threatening depression .
But their failings do pose a dilemma for Democratic deficit-hawk economists trying to determine what good economic policies would be should Barack Obama become president .
And if housing and mortgage security prices do n't just fall but collapse , everyone should remember that construction employment falls faster than employment in tradable goods can grow .
If so , should n't investments in equities be shunned ?
In retrospect , the Treasury should have identified all such entities and started buying common stock in them -- whether they liked it or not -- until the crisis passed .
· Short-run economic policy should be left in the hands of the central bank , with the legislature and the executive focusing on the long run and keeping their noses out of year-to-year fluctuations in employment and prices ;
· Central banks ' highest priority should be to maintain their credibility as guardians of price stability , and only then turn their attention to keeping the economy near full employment , which they should do by influencing asset prices -- upward when unemployment threatens to rise , and downward when an inflationary spiral looms ;
· Central banks should influence asset prices through normal open-market operations -- by buying and selling short-term government securities for cash , thus changing the `` safe '' interest rate and the price of longer-duration assets ;
One principle does remain true : central banks should try to keep the economy at near full employment by pushing asset prices up when unemployment threatens to rise .
You can argue that neither group should have boosted its spending to such a degree -- that both were subject to `` irrational exuberance '' -- and that someone should have taken away the punchbowl earlier .
In response , central banks should purchase government bonds for cash in as large a quantity as needed to push their prices up as high as possible .
Even after central banks have pushed government bond prices as high as they can go , they should keep buying government bonds for cash , in the hope that people whose pockets are full of cash will spend more of it , and that this will directly pull people out of joblessness and into employment .
Finally , governments should undertake additional measures to boost financial asset prices , and so make it easier for those firms that ought to be expanding and hiring to obtain finance on terms that allow them to expand and hire .
Even though the US government is doing other things as well -- fiscal stimulus , quantitative easing , and other uses of bailout funds -- it is not doing everything it should .
My guess is that the reason that the US government is not doing all it should can be stated in three words : Senator George Voinovich , who is the 60th vote in the Senate -- the vote needed to close off debate and enact a bill .
The world 's high - and middle-income countries should not imagine that the relatively rich can fence themselves off indefinitely from poverty and misery in the poorest countries .
· the Fed and the Treasury decided to let Lehman Brothers go into uncontrolled bankruptcy in order to try to teach financiers that having an ill-capitalized counterparty was not without risk , and that people should not expect the government to come to their rescue automatically .
In other words , should Greenspan have kept interest rates higher and triggered a recession in order to avert the growth of a housing bubble ?
Whenever in the future the US finds itself in a situation like 2003 , should it try to keep the economy near full employment even at some risk of a developing bubble ?
Capital flight , interest-rate spikes , declining private investment , and a collapse in the value of the dollar -- all of these are likely should financial markets lose confidence in a Fed chairman .
After all , economic theory should be grappling with economic history .
Barro should be using a weighted average of his spending multiplier of 0.6 and his tax multiplier of 1.1 to get a multiplier of 0.9 .
In that case , our social profit is not $ 210 billion but rather $ 390 billion , and we should certainly do this again .
Indeed , we should do it repeatedly , until there are signs that additional stimulus may start to threaten price or debt-management stability , or until unemployment falls far enough to make Barro 's multipliers overestimates .
Moreover , Barro complains that because Christina Romer , who heads President Barack Obama 's Council of Economic Advisers , has `` not -LRB- carried out -RRB- serious scientific research ... on spending multipliers ... , '' he `` can not understand her rationale for assuming values well above one ... '' To say that policymakers should rely only on their own personal research to formulate policy seems to me simply bizarre .
Let 's suspend our disbelief , then , and try to imagine what Europe could and should be doing to tackle some of the most far-reaching and obstinate policy challenges that will determine whether the next 50 years are as constructive as the last .
On conflict and security issues , Europe should be advancing to a new phase in which it takes much clearer and unambiguous positions on issues ranging from nuclear proliferation to sanctions against Burma 's military regime .
The aim should be that `` soft power '' instruments like EU development aid and economic partnerships would be linked with a growing sense of political and security outreach to ensure Europe is a global player to be reckoned with .
That means , of course , that the EU should seek to widen its transatlantic thinking so that the EU and the United States cooperate more closely on defining -- and thus protecting -- their common interests in a world where together they account for little more than 10 % of the total population .
Education is by far the most profitable investment Europe can make , so it should be launching its most ambitious strategy ever to create a new knowledge dynamic and employment inside the EU while helping to expand greatly education in the world 's poorest countries .
By much the same token , Europe 's governments should be making a determined new effort to strengthen Europeans ' sense of a shared history and common values .
We believe , though , that the increased use of qualified majority voting by member governments embodied in the new treaty should also be applied to the ratification process itself .
Of course , the boom 's costs should not be discounted .
So , as nuclear talks proceed , the US and its partners should help North Korea lay the foundations for a new political economy based on international commerce , investment , and cooperation , as an alternative to the current model predicated on a hostile security environment .
We should think of North Korea 's economic transition process as a prerequisite for full denuclearization , rather than simply holding out the promise of a big assistance package as a quid pro quo .
Instead of pressing Beijing to cut off North Korea , the US and its allies should further develop their own efforts to draw North Korea out of its insularity .
Kim 's visit should be evaluated in terms of Chinese-North Korean relations as they are , rather than as others might wish them to be .
Rather than criticize China , US President Barack Obama and Lee should now reach out to the Chinese for thorough debriefings about what was learned from Kim 's visit -- on security as well as economic issues .
China should continue to lead the effort to encourage reform and opening of the North Korean economy , with help from international financial institutions .
The US , moreover , should actively seek a path back to the Six Party Talks , resisting both the fatalistic idea that North Korea can never be persuaded to roll back its nuclear program and the dangerous notion of simply waiting for the North Korean regime to come begging , if not collapse .
`` Just as the Greek Cypriot preoccupation was that Cyprus should be a Greek Cypriot state , with a protected Turkish Cypriot minority , the Turkish preoccupation was to defeat any such effort and to maintain the partnership concept , the Zurich Agreement created between the two communities .
Instead of inciting these risks and adding to the Islamic world 's wounded sense of pride , the EU should uphold the rule of law . It must not treat the Greek Cypriot application as `` an application proper by Cyprus . ''
It should help North Cyprus to meet the economic criteria for EU membership and synchronize entry into the EU of both Turkey and the Cypriot Confederation -- ie , all of Cyprus .
The Balkan Stability Pact of 1999 and massive international support have helped rebuild local education , while developing innovative vocational education and training systems that should boost long-term employment .
The same model can and should be followed elsewhere in the troubled lands that border the European Union .
We should also remember that what growth there is in the world economy in 2009-2010 will come mostly from developing economies .
Training programs , including for green jobs , should be significantly increased .
Credit lines should be kept open to smaller businesses , which employ the bulk of the world 's workers but have the least access to credit .
The use of social dialogue for crisis management should be increased , because trust must be rebuilt .
The availability and affordability of trade finance should be improved .
The International Monetary Fund and central banks should increase liquidity in a coordinated fashion in the form of short-term credit to emerging-market economies suffering from cuts in capital inflows and export earnings .
The World Bank should increase lending to help finance growth-supporting expenditures in developing countries .
As a daughter of a woman who fought for women 's rights during the independence movement and was instrumental in starting one of the first women 's institutions in India , I should feel a genuine sense of pride in the election of Patil .
The second time , they were more successful , destroying not only the sculpture 's face , but also its shoulders and feet .
With this in mind , here are five questions that should be posed to America 's presidential candidates :
He or she should start now by answering Asia 's questions .
Hence , if investment can be attracted to agriculture , it should be welcomed , and whichever rules are imposed should encourage it , not deter it .
It should come as no wonder that smallholders and agricultural laborers represent a combined 70 % of those who are unable to feed themselves today .
Certainly , agricultural investment should develop responsibly .
So the headlines proclaim : `` Einstein was right after all , '' as though scientists should be compared as one would clairvoyants : Who is distinguished from the common herd by knowing the unknowable -- such as the outcome of experiments that have yet to be conceived , let alone conducted ?
Einstein 's remark about having `` blundered '' is as misleading as the idea that he is `` right after all . '' The cosmological term is not something that should never have been proposed .
Many well-meaning people saw Rajapaksa 's promise as warmongering , and , even as Sri Lanka 's army has been pressing toward victory , urged him to negotiate with perhaps the world 's most fanatical terror organization -LRB- the Tamil Tigers , it should be recalled , virtually invented the cult of the modern suicide bomber . -RRB-
But it should not , as some say , include any offer of power-sharing with the guerillas -LRB- ordinary Tamils are another matter -RRB- .
In exchange for laying down their arms and ending a pointless and destructive war , Tiger soldiers should be encouraged to take part in politics , but on exactly the same terms as any other Sri Lankan .
Nobody should underestimate the difficulty of rebuilding Sri Lanka 's war-ravaged north and reconciling the Tamils at a time of global recession .
Indeed , no effort should be spared to get skeptical Tamil groups to participate in the forthcoming peacemaking .
Sri Lanka 's Buddhist traditions and historic links with Burma , Thailand , Cambodia and Laos makes it easy for it to be a future member of ASEAN , which Sri Lanka should try to join as a means of anchoring its economy in the wider region .
If imposing a single strategy is unviable , what should the European option be , and what policy should the G8 and NATO adopt ?
· Court public opinion . It is not only Middle East governments that should be involved .
Each positive initiative , whether it comes from governments or civil societies , should be supported .
The priority in fighting terrorism should be police and intelligence service cooperation , which produces much faster results and limits the capacity of extremists to mobilize .
Ordinary Americans are asking themselves the same questions that people around the world are asking : how should America 's global supremacy be used ?
The idea behind pre-emptive wars is that American force should be projected through high-tech , blitzkrieg type wars waged from US soil , or from the soil of uncritical allies .
He therefore considers the revival of America 's alliances to be a key foreign policy priority , and he has proposed that US forces in Iraq should be integrated into a NATO operation , as long as this remains under US command .
The coming US election recalls a famous debate described by Thucydides in his History of the Peloponnesian War , concerning how Athens should respond to the revolt of Mytilene .
The European Council 's summit on June 16-17 should give a clear sign that it recognizes this .
This would be a lot easier with the Constitution in place , but there are measures that can and should be adopted now to make that possible .
First , the community budget should be structured so that it has a significant impact on growth and employment -LRB- a return to the voluntarism of the Delors Packages , now applied to the Lisbon Strategy -RRB- .
Finally , Council meetings should be open when legislative matters are at stake , so that citizens can know who voted for what and according to which criteria .
The response to terrorism should be to reaffirm the value of the rule of law over arbitrary repression , and of the diversity that is the hallmark of Europe 's cities , particularly London and Paris , but increasingly many others across the Union .
Japanese Lessons for China 's Currency SHANGHAI -- The question of how much China 's currency should appreciate to rebalance its trade has become a global hot-button issue .
But the answers have been all over the map , with some finding that the yuan is not undervalued at all , while others argue that it should appreciate against the dollar by more than 30 % .
Fourteen years later , during the Plaza Accord negotiations , the Japanese argued for an eventual level of 200-210 , while some US Treasury officials thought the final target should be as high as 165-170 .
Healthcare is financed largely out-of pocket -- up to 60 % in Asia -- and many countries shoulder a `` triple disease burden '' of `` old '' diseases like tuberculosis and malaria , new infectious diseases like Influenza A -LRB- H1N1 -RRB- , and a `` silent pandemic '' in the form of non-communicable diseases such as diabetes and cancer .
Proprietary rights for commercial firms over the most basic element of an individual 's genetic identity should not be enforceable .
In fact , one should view the Guatemalan study , with its incontrovertible horrors , as an extreme example of the biggest ethical problems in research today .
And why should government should pay the costs anyway ?
Because private companies reap the benefits of the trials that do succeed , they should also shoulder the risks .
Known criminals should not sit in Kosovo 's Parliament , but in prison .
So , before the anti-terror campaign seeks other terrorist bases to destroy , it should eliminate terror in a place where the UN itself is ruling .
This should be no surprise .
Since the countries that carry the most sway with the junta also have strong commercial interests in Burma , we should not expect any of them to step up and take the lead on their own .
He should begin by demanding that Burma 's government fulfill its responsibility to protect the country 's citizens and condemn the use of violence and repressive tactics .
The process could include appointing a US envoy to Iran . Ultimately , direct dialogue at the highest levels should be a key objective .
According to the World Nuclear Association -LRB- WNA -RRB- , 17 new reactors should have become operational between 2007 and 2009 .
It should not be forgotten that Ko¨tunica supported the struggle of Serbs in Croatia , Bosnia and Kosovo and that he adheres to a rosy picture of Serb history .
Djindjic 's murder shows that the situation is so dire that aid should no longer be strictly conditional on harsh reforms .
The right person should not necessarily be an American as that would unduly limit the choice and risks bringing an appointment more distinguished by ideology than competence .
The successful appointee should be , above all , an effective administrator and a top economist experienced in policymaking .
Germans should look to Brussels as a liberating force to accomplish what would otherwise be politically impossible at home .
Low inventories and the tax cut -- the mechanism that brought the US out of every recession since 1945 -- should work , particularly with today 's recession that hardly looks like one .
It should work , that is , unless the terrorist attacks have so shaken consumer confidence that people go into a form of spending hibernation in fear of the future .
Moreover , if households hold off on spending , why should businesses consider making new investments ?
But that should not surprise .
Up to a third believe there might be a negative quarter soon , but by next year confidence should have fully rebounded , with unemployment peaking at 5 % , a number comfortably below historical standards .
Policy responses to such economic shocks may be better nowadays than they were during the Great Depression -- for example , we know not to embark on a trade war should the Yen crash -- but no one knows how long and painful the process of correction will be .
Everybody may not get a chance to become rich in a capitalist system , but the system should not be perceived as rigged in ways that allow only insiders to get rich while everyone else pays the bill .
They will argue that all the Congressional and newspaper investigations are excessive ; that we should put Enron behind us and move on to the business of making money again .
But all this should not happen .
So we should expect more bad economic , social , and political news in the years ahead .
Demagogues like Venezuala 's Hugo Chavez or Carlos Menem -- an Argentine presidential candidate once again -- may seem like a bad joke , but anyone who cares about Latin America 's fate should not laughing .
So should we despair of achieving the MDGs , not just by the original deadline of 2015 but even by the end of the century ?
In September , when UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon convenes a summit in New York to renew the drive toward reaching the MDGs , the world leaders in attendance should endorse their use to address MDG priorities in areas other than health .
China 's agricultural imports should also continue to rise , as land is taken out of agricultural production and its urban population expands .
Given the important role that commodity futures play for many market participants , regulatory measures should aim at enhancing confidence in the functioning of the market .
Some Mexicans congratulate President Fox for not caving in to US pressure to cast a vote in the Security Council for war , while others argue that he should .
Sometimes Mexico should open the door to neighborly requests and sometimes it should refuse them .
Mexico should use its current position in the Security Council to send a message : the country has matured and its foreign policy has matured with it .
If Mexico votes against a US-sponsored resolution pushing for the use of force in Iraq in the next several days , the US should n't interpret the decision as a knee-jerk nationalistic response , but rather as a reflection of Mexico 's interests .
Nor , of course , should the direction of Mexico 's vote ultimately be determined by allegiance to an anti-American axis .
Mexico should show that it is possible to be in favor of multilateralism without being against the US . Mexico has spent the last 150 years defining itself in opposition to America .
Fox has every right to celebrate the recent initiative announced by President Bush to assist some currently illegal immigrants to the US come out of the shadow economy , and he should congratulate himself for pressing Bush to make this effort .
Therefore , he should not embrace the Bush proposal as is .
Bush 's proposal is full of holes , and Fox should figure out how to fill them .
Since Bush 's proposal does n't incorporate Mexico 's interests , Fox should spell them out .
If Bush 's piñata ca n't spell out all the details , Fox should define them in Mexican and bilateral terms .
Vicente Fox has said that he wants more , and he should keep his word .
Unfortunately , the Georgian crisis demonstrated that Russia 's dialogue with NATO was less substantial than it should have been .
I do n't have a crystal ball , but I 'm certain that several years from now we should be able to look back at the Georgian crisis as a turning point .
As for NATO , we in Russia think it should adapt and transform itself to suit the new environment .
Russia 's initiative for a pan-European security treaty should be the new operating system .
But , while much more needs to be done to meet the immediate needs of this famine 's victims , we should also be thinking now about long-term solutions to preclude food crises on this scale from happening in the first place .
Given Darwin 's ideas about evolution natural selection were correct -LRB- and , of course , they were and are -RRB- , then this sort of altruism should be extraordinarily rare in nature .
If increased reproduction is the ultimate end all and be all of evolution by natural selection , then altruists should disappear -- and fast .
Following up on work done by Trivers in the early 1970 's , in 1981 , Axelrod and Hamilton used the mathematics of game theory to predict when so-called `` reciprocal altruism '' should evolve .
Understanding this history is vital , because Europe 's Union once again stands at a threshold : should it keep its promise to start membership talks with Turkey ?
In the wake of the defeat of the EU 's Constitutional Treaty in France and the Netherlands this spring , many say that Europe 's decade-old promise can not and should not be kept .
Against this background , it seems inconceivable that the EU should refuse to support an EMU member in a situation similar to that of Hungary and Latvia , especially as all the countries that are currently on market watch lists are long-time EU members .
Thus , EMU members indirectly share the liability for fellow countries ' private-sector debt , which for this reason should be monitored within the EMU 's surveillance framework .
The mathematics of debt dynamics suggest that no euro-zone country should have a current-account imbalance , whether a deficit or a surplus , of more than 3 % of GDP .
The rule should apply both to debtor and creditor countries .
After all , payment imbalances always have two sides , and the burden of adjustment should not be borne only by deficit countries .
But Latin America should also be on its guard .
Both the public and private sector throughout the region should take immediate measures to face up to this new competition and to work toward cooperative projects with the Chinese .
If Latin America fails to deal with its new competitor , the peoples of the region will lose jobs and opportunities to develop as they should .
As far as I 'm concerned , the ultimate goal should be not so much a better health care system , but a population so healthy that it hardly needs health care .
But , again , health really begins at home , so the real victory -- and one where such civil-society cooperation may have a more immediate impact -- is to give people better data about themselves and what they should be doing for their own health .
The second challenge is to understand how the genes interact among themselves or with other factors to produce the condition , which should enable the development of new preventive measures or treatments based on the details of how the condition begins and how it progresses .
In line with the bottom-up , do-it-yourself ethos of the Internet , where people book their own flights , publish their own photos , and sell their own second-hand goods , it should be the users ' responsibility to do their own fact-checking .
This is not to say that journalists should not check their own facts -LRB- or that priests should not observe the tenets of their own religion -RRB- .
We should not outlaw anonymity -LRB- which has its uses -RRB- , but we can ask for details about the people whose words we are reading .
Rather than slavishly copy the United States , I think most countries should have a chief information officer -- someone who thinks about information as an agent of change , not just as an agent of efficiency .
It is the essence of a free market , and it should also be the essence of a free democracy .
People should know what their officials are doing , what their government 's policies cost , who pays for them , and who benefits .
The CIO would n't have policymaking authority per se , but he or she should sit high in the government -- ideally with little bureaucratic encumbrance .
What the CIO should not do is almost as important .
He or she should not attempt to centralize information , but rather to make it flow more smoothly .
What specific goals should the CIO pursue ?
The CIO should not be the minister of education , but he or she can provide advice on the use of information technology for everything from curriculum content to the institutional changes that can be wrought by better teacher-parent-student communications concerning homework assignments , grades , and even school-bus schedules and lunch menus .
Just as consumers can rate products , parents and students should be able to rate and provide feedback on the performance of individual teachers .
-LRB- Just as we require drivers to have insurance , maybe we should require users either to buy security services from their ISP or to post some kind of bond\/insurance . -RRB-
If we know how sausages are made , should n't we also be able to find out how laws are made and enforced , and what the government officials whose salaries we pay do with their time ?
At the same time , all ISPs should implement an e-mail ID system -LRB- there are two good standards , called Domain Keys and SPF -RRB- .
The first is inertia , combined with -LRB- or disguised as -RRB- idealism -- the mistaken idea that the Internet should be free not just for speech , but also from payment . Yet it costs something to maintain an infrastructure that keeps people safe .
To help things along , someone should file a lawsuit -- not too many ! -- against ISPs who tolerate misbehavior . The targets should be ISPs that willfully serve criminal customers , refusing to deal with complaints to the point that ignorance is no longer a legitimate excuse .
Produced on an appropriate scale , a kit should cost about $ 20,000 , including distribution costs and a profit margin .
It should take about eight hours for two workers in a professional garage to install such a kit , or less than a week for the car-owner himself\/herself -LRB- or , as they say , two weeks if the owner 's spouse `` helps '' -RRB- .
The National Transitional Council is debating who should take over Libya 's Central Bank and the LIA 's assets -- an especially important decision , given that oil production is not expected to return to pre-war levels for several years .
Of course , no one should infer from the Libyan case that other SWFs across the board are riddled with corruption and conflicts of interest .
Yet , while hard cases tend to make bad law and it is too early to judge , the LIA should be a wake-up call for corporations and funds both in the Middle East and around the globe .
First , governments should better clarify the sources of funding behind each particular investment .
Private funding that turns out to be public funding tied to the ruling family or government ministers presents different political and financial risks and should therefore be valued differently .
Large allocations based on pragmatic political concerns , such as Libya-Italy relations , or cronyism should be reevaluated in the light of better and stronger governance practices .
Both governments and corporations should internalize the message and learn from the Libyan example .
This wholesale return to the industrial policies of yesteryear , and governments ' reluctance to let even uncompetitive companies fail , should be cause for widespread concern .
Judging by governments ' reactions to the crisis , one could be forgiven for thinking that market regulators and competition authorities should take the lead when an economy is stable , and that industrial policies should be implemented in times of emergency .
Europe should have used its regulatory power and managed the conflict between systemic and competitive risk that all this emergency public funding was generating , but the competition watchdog 's contradictory request that companies receiving funding should reduce credit to their clients made this well nigh impossible .
Such choices are directly connected to debates over the direction the whole society should take .
But the possibility of violence should not distract us from noticing that fundamentalist convictions also motivate positive political activism .
Whenever Microsoft rolls out a new operating system , the question is not whether you should switch , but when .
So why should Microsoft bother ?
In addition , paying teachers according to performance must become the norm , while ineffective teachers should be dismissed .
But it is also true that if the US wants to improve relations with its neighbors to the south , America should make significant bilateral trade concessions to the Latin American countries .
First , US agricultural protectionism should be reduced .
Second , immigration reform in the US should be enacted in a way that protects the rights of Latino migrants .
And , third , the US should support the demands of Latin American countries for a greater say in international institutions such as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund .
The first thing to say about this is that one should be skeptical about economists ' predictions , especially those concerning the near term .
Given the nature and gravity of the crisis , it was brutally obvious what the priorities for the G-20 should be .
Some will say that he should get G-20 countries to coordinate an orderly exit from their expansionary monetary and fiscal policies .
Others will say that a priority should be agreement on slowing climate change .
Instead , President Lee should give priority to four issues , starting with financial reform , a problem that Brown targeted but did not solve .
The second priority should be more progress on global rebalancing .
Why should there be so many European G-20 members -- other than the fact that they were incumbent members of the earlier `` G 's '' -- and not more African members ?
That the country was unprepared should have been clear .
Moreover , assistance should come not just with conditions , but with temporary control of the national budget by a committee of `` special masters '' appointed by the European Union .
It should repay the favor .
It should push for the creation of an emergency lending facility , and for political integration to make that feasible .
It should provide more fiscal support .
As recently as three years ago , many observers thought that the Fund had outlived its usefulness and should be closed down .
It is no longer dominated by the Atlantic economies , so those economies should no longer dictate who holds the top jobs at the two Bretton Woods institutions .
The next managing director should be selected on the merits , not on the basis of nationality .
There should be an open competition , in which the best candidate wins on the basis of his or her ideas .
There is no reason , they conclude , why a change in the renminbi-dollar exchange rate should have a first-order impact on savings or investment in China , much less in the US .
There is no reason , therefore , why it should have a first-order impact on the bilateral current-account balance , or , for that matter , on unemployment , which depends on the same saving and investment behavior .
Where national wage-bargaining systems are the obstacle , the European Commission should say so , and countries should be required to change them .
Emergencies should not be dealt with on an ad hoc basis by 27 finance ministers frantic to reach a solution before the Asian markets open .
And European leaders , in their desperation , should not coerce the European Central Bank into helping .
There should be clear rules governing disbursement , who is in charge , and how much money is available . It should not be necessary to obtain the agreement of 27 national parliaments each time action is needed .
Staff and management should be tasked with producing a biannual report on the international monetary system .
They should n't : a more decentralized international monetary system is precisely what is needed to prevent a replay of the financial crisis .
There is no reason why the same should not be true of its international monetary system .
Where the Bank of Japan has now led , the Fed should follow .
These are reasonable objections , but they should not be allowed to lead to unreasonable conclusions .
What the French under General Charles de Gaulle actually did say was that fiat monies should be jettisoned in favor of the gold standard . The US would then be subject to tighter policy discipline .
In mid-air , with neither firm ground below nor enough momentum to make it to the other side , is not where the global economy should be .
BERKELEY -- It should now be clear to even the most blinkered observer that the Greek economy is in desperate need of help .
Rather than piling more loans onto the country 's already unsustainable debt burden , the EU should offer a multi-year program of foreign aid .
The EU should contemplate this option , because , for starters , it bears more than a little responsibility for Greece 's plight .
It makes sense that the international monetary system should follow the global economy in becoming more multipolar .
The Yale University economist Robert Shiller has long argued that national governments should issue GDP-linked bonds as a safer way to borrow , but convincing them has been difficult .
They should acknowledge that the only entity with the capacity to stabilize the situation is the European Central Bank .
Still , given German sensitivities , Merkel should use her bully pulpit to reassure her public .
If China is serious about elevating the SDR to reserve-currency status , it should take steps to create a liquid market in SDR claims .
Just two years ago , it was being downsized , and serious people were asking whether it should be closed down .
In fact , where structural weaknesses are the source of problems , the Fund should still require structural adjustment as the price of its assistance .
The IMF should categorically announce which countries qualify for the facility , automatically making them members of the pool .
The G-20 suggests that the Financial Stability Board -LRB- FSB -RRB- , made up of national supervisory authorities , should take the lead in these tasks . The Fund , through its early-warning exercises and joint IMF-World Bank Financial Sector Assessments , is to only play a supporting role .
But why the FSB should head up this process is far from clear .
The first priority should be international banks .
Otherwise , emerging markets should be able to say that banks from that country will not be allowed to enter .
The second priority should be defining a strict emerging-market standard for regulating foreign banks after they are allowed in .
The implication is that emerging markets , while encouraging foreign banks ' entry , should at the same time strictly regulate such banks ' local lending practices .
Regulations limiting foreign participation to prudent levels should be part of the new international regime .
Emerging markets should start preparing now to ask it for the floor .
The Chief Prosecutor of the ICC , Luis Moreno Ocampo , should be urged to accelerate his investigations and , once the evidence is sufficient , bring charges against those who have committed these crimes or failed to discipline or prosecute the perpetrators .
The local authorities should be assisted in efforts to pursue , arrest , and prosecute accused perpetrators before new local tribunals that enjoy significant prosecutorial and police powers .
Support should be given to courageous local women 's groups that are providing care to the victims . Medical and other assistance is needed to treat the overwhelming numbers of victims .
But the Yes backers could never articulate clearly why people should vote in favor of the Treaty .
Outside interference should always be avoided in situations such as this .
It would be an irony of historic proportions if a country that has benefited more than most others from EU integration should block the entry of countries in even more desperate conditions than Ireland was 30 years ago .
The perspective is global , informed by the insights of outside speakers , and the focus is on what is likely to happen , as opposed to what should happen .
In other words , Russia is being allowed to re-assert its `` sphere of influence '' -- a concept that should have been superceded by that of `` Europe Whole and Free , '' which the entire European Union appeared to have embraced when communism collapsed .
I have to admire the third Baltic president -- Vaira Vike-Freiberga from Latvia -- who decided to go to Moscow , honoring what should be honored , and speaking aloud about what should not be hidden .
Every leader in Moscow May 9th should remember this .
The Commission 's progress report will be dealt with by the European Council next month . At that meeting , European leaders should ask themselves the following questions : Has the EU given Turkey a fair deal in the case of Cyprus ?
It was assumed that Cyprus should be united when the country joined the EU in 2004 .
There should be no doubt about the answer : it is clearly in the EU 's interest to see Turkey 's democracy and economy continue to strengthen .
First , they should say clearly to their own voters that the EU must live up to its promises to Turkey , and that this is in the larger interest of all Europeans .
Second , they should give Turkey a fair deal in the negotiations .
The Finnish initiative should be given strong support from all European leaders .
At the same time , a new effort should be made to bring life to the UN 's proposals regarding Cyprus .
Throughout this difficult period , the European Union has failed Ukraine , bluntly declaring that it should not hold any hope of future membership and justifying this stance by citing its internal problems -- the stranded Constitutional Treaty -- and growing public sentiment against further enlargement .
What we should have seen in The Hague was not only the resignation of a Dutch government - but more importantly the appearance of General Ratko Mladic and his accomplices to face the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia .
Of course , German Chancellor Angela Merkel was right to point out that each country should be dealt with according to its situation . But she and her colleagues should have voiced clearer and more emphatic support for the new member states .
And that means that a clear message should be sent to those who are becoming doubtful about the EU 's worth : We are in this together .
These cuts are coming at a time when European efforts to shoulder a fair share of the Western defense burden have been cast in doubt -- not least in Afghanistan , where most European countries have limited their participation by insisting on a myriad of `` caveats '' that usually serve to keep their troops far from the most dangerous zones .
Otherwise , not only will Europe 's global political ambitions become untenable , but its allies on the other side of the Atlantic will lose patience with Europeans ' refusal to shoulder their share of the security burden .
At best , Europe should hope for a `` more common '' foreign and security policy , even though this fails to answer Henry Kissinger 's old question : If you want to speak to `` Europe , '' whom do you call ?
`` Every effort should be made to prevent changes in Eastern Europe from influencing China 's internal development , '' party officials concluded in March 1989 , and within months they violently crushed democratic protesters .
As Obama and other leaders around the world implement stimulus packages in the months ahead , they should recognize that the question of who benefits goes beyond the number of jobs created .
The world should continue to flood the Chinese market , and those of other countries that restrict freedom of expression , with cutting-edge technology .
If , however , such advantages were dramatic and mainly determined by biological change , we should expect to find them reflected in the material culture produced by these early , anatomically modern populations .
Specifically , we should find such archeological evidence at sites in Africa from between 200,000 and 100,000 years ago .
This should be a European event .
If the Kremlin claimed credit for the oil - and gas-fired prosperity of the past six years -- prosperity due solely to economic exuberance elsewhere in the world -- the Kremlin should be accountable for the current devastation .
But , whatever embarrassment he may now be feeling is certainly a better fate than that meted out to Mikhail Khodorkovsky , another Russian oligarch with political ambitions , who is now languishing in his eighth year of imprisonment since boldly challenging Vladimir Putin 's ideas about how Russia should be run .
And , with housing , healthcare , and education less accessible now than at the end of the 1980 's , his political program focuses on what should be done to improve Russia 's human capital -- the key problem holding back Russia 's economy .
So it should be obvious that maintaining the status quo is intolerable .
As the world commemorates the 65th anniversary of the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki this August , we should recognize that our luck is running out -- and take them seriously .
Even if right , it is difficult to see why Israel and its friends should accept that as a make-or-break argument .
Of course , its current ideological hostility to Israel 's very existence is a serious issue ; but Israel and the West should not compound their grievous mistake of not recognizing the legitimacy of its electoral victory in Gaza by rejecting any Palestinian state in which Hamas plays a governing role .
The door to dialogue with Hamas should remain open .
Indeed , Israel should treat the UN vote as an opportunity for a new start to negotiations , rather than an excuse for renewed confrontation .
No one should underestimate the difficulty of assessing Iran 's real intentions .
Military options should always be a last resort , but they ca n't be excluded in extreme cases , and Libya is as extreme as it gets .
A no-fly zone will be easier to contemplate as the last vulnerable expatriates leave the country , and planning for its application should be rapidly advanced .
It should not be necessary to rearticulate and reargue these basic points .
The language of these resolutions could hardly be clearer in prescribing the scope and limits of what should be done .
And , as for the wider mandate to protect civilians , the resolution allows airborne attacks to knock out tanks or troop columns advancing on Benghazi or other rebel-held towns , and -- should they exist -- concentrations of forces within those areas that pose a direct and immediate threat to Qaddafi 's opponents .
It also follows from these legal and moral first principles that once there are reasonable grounds for confidence that the threat to civilian populations has been removed or neutralized -LRB- as seems now to be largely the case , at least in the east -RRB- , military action should cease .
Of course , a close watch should be maintained , so that enforcement action under Resolution 1973 can be very quickly reinstated .
To demand that every case that seems to look alike be treated alike might set the bar impossibly high , and certainly runs the risk of becoming hostage to critics -- like those who attack the intervention in Libya -- who assert that if you ca n't act everywhere , you should n't act anywhere .
When our common humanity is under threat , even if we ca n't do everything we should , should n't we at least do what we can ?
Too Much Information CANBERRA -- As a British court weighs whether Julian Assange should be extradited to Sweden , and American prosecutors weigh the criminal charges they will file against Private Bradley Manning , the alleged major source for the disclosures by Assange 's WikiLeaks , global debate continues on whether such revelations do more good than harm .
But that does n't mean that all leaks should be condemned .
The problem is not that negative things are said behind closed doors -- as one leader famously responded to an apologizing Hillary Clinton , `` You should hear what we say about you '' -- but that they become public knowledge .
Governments should not over-react to these kinds of leaks .
At the same time , these kinds of leaks should not be naively applauded as somehow contributing to better government .
We know that we will all have to get used to more exposure and make the best of it , but that should n't stop the effort to draw lines where they really matter .
The euro zone should therefore offer the UK an honorable compromise in which Britain would be allowed to become a full member of the EMU and take a seat in all of its institutions like the European Central Bank and the ministerial Eurogroup , while also being able to keep the pound in its relations with third countries .
Although an Atlantic Monetary Union -LRB- between the US and the EU -RRB- is a long-term prospect , it should be considered as a grand design for the future .
Instead , the vocation of Europe in the course of the twenty-first century should be to become the lever of step-by-step inter-continental convergence and unification .
In any case , the new policies should reassure those who feared that China 's central government either would simply watch the bubble inflate or that it lacked a sufficiently independent macroeconomic policy to intervene .
Government investment , which represents the major part of China 's anti-crisis stimulus package , should help in this regard .
Roughly 80 % of the total is going to public infrastructure such as subways , railways , and urban projects , which to a great extent should be counted as long-term public goods .
All those problems contribute to the imbalance , and China should fix them .
But we should realize that there are fundamental causes for the imbalance on the US side as well , such as over-consumption financed by excessive leverage and high budget deficits .
To be sure , China 's domestic consumption is not as high as it should be , standing at 49 % of GDP in 2008 , with household consumption accounting for only 35 % .
If that is true , and China should n't worry about the renminbi 's exchange rate , should it worry about its economy overheating ?
Rather , savings should be channeled even more -- and more efficiently -- to domestic investment in order to avoid large external imbalances .
For example , China should use its current high savings to build up the country 's infrastructure and speed up urbanization , thereby laying a firmer foundation for future development .
But this can and should be addressed by domestic policies aimed at bringing about structural change , not by external policies like exchange-rate appreciation .
Such investments may not be as profitable as in other regions , but they should be regarded as public goods intended to equalize conditions for growth .
A number of fiscal , social-security , and tax reforms should be a priority for this purpose .
The international community should demand the immediate start of negotiations towards the creation of a Palestinian state and push for direct negotiations on a peace agreement between Israel and Syria .
So today 's talk of oil scarcity , which began at the turn of the last century , should come as no surprise .
Social factors other than birthplace should be studied to evaluate what causes primary multi-drug resistance .
Public health workers argue that therapy should be imposed upon patients who are at risk of failing to complete it -- a policy that others claim would violate individual liberty .
Although the sheer scale of the transformation means placing a substantial burden on both the public private and sectors , the current financial crisis should be used as an opportunity rather than a barrier for launching it .
Yet , there should be no doubt that the Bush administration is beginning the research and development of new nuclear weapons .
A first-use of nuclear weapons by the US should be unthinkable , and responding to a non-nuclear attack with nuclear weapons violates a central tenet of just war and US military tradition .
Indeed , nuclear options should not be considered as an extension of conventional options .
No one attempts to use tariffs to balance those government-created differences in competitiveness , and there should be no such attempts if a cap-and-trade system is introduced .
If an international agreement to impose a cap-and-trade scheme is adopted in Copenhagen , the countries there should agree as well that there will be no attempt to introduce offsetting tariffs that would ultimately threaten our global system of free trade .
In fact , Congress might tell the Fed that it should wait until there are clear signs of inflation and a much lower unemployment rate .
While the meaning of `` coordinated '' has not been spelled out , it presumably implies that the national exit strategies should not lead to significant changes in exchange rates that would upset existing patterns of trade .
Obama campaigned on the goals that everyone should have health insurance , that high medical costs should not bankrupt anyone , and that increased efficiency in the production and delivery of care should slow the overall growth of health-care costs .
The government should take the weak ten-year projection as a warning and a reason to devote policies to reducing fiscal deficits and strengthening incentives for growth .
And investors with smaller dollar holdings , who can shift to other currencies much more easily than the Chinese , are right to ask themselves whether they should be diversifying into non-dollar assets -- or even shunning the dollar completely .
The Chinese -LRB- or Saudis or Indians or others outside the euro zone -RRB- should , of course , be concerned about the dollar 's decline relative to the euro .
The good news is that the answer -- for at least the next few years -- is that investors should worry about `` neither . ''
And , with unemployment stubbornly high , many households are saving in order to have additional cash if they should lose their job or be put on shorter hours .
A competitive dollar abroad means that other countries should not implement policies that artificially depress the value of their currencies in order to promote exports and deter imports .
But these are the questions that investors and policymakers alike should be asking .
In that case , Greece should be able to finance its future annual government deficits from domestic sources alone .
Republicans argue that the national debt 's growth should be limited only by cutting government spending .
Although some cuts in traditional outlays should be part of efforts to rein in spending , this approach should be supplemented by reducing `` tax expenditures '' -- the special features of the tax code that subsidize health care , mortgage borrowing , local-government taxes , etc. . Limiting tax expenditures could reduce the annual deficit by as much as 2 % of GDP , thereby reducing the debt-to-GDP ratio in 2021 by more than 25 percentage points .
Similarly , the tax changes in such a stimulus package should provide incentives to increase spending by households and businesses .
Massu , a convinced Gaullist , should have known better than to say such home truths publicly , whatever his own frustrations .
The world should not only be worried ; it should be watching .
So what should be done ?
The high price for refusing such a proposal has to be made absolutely clear to the Iranian leadership : should no agreement be reached , the West will do everything within its power to isolate Iran economically , financially , technologically , and diplomatically , with the full support of the international community .
Iran 's alternatives should be no less than recognition and security , or total isolation .
But this does not mean that the international community and the EU should now leave Kosovo to its own devices .
In addition , measures should target the Sudanese government where it hurts most : revenue and foreign investment inflows into Sudan 's petroleum sector , and supply of goods and services to that and associated sectors .
Moreover , an investigation into the offshore accounts of Sudanese businesses affiliated with the National Congress Party , the ruling majority party in Khartoum , should be launched , paving the way for sanctions against the regime 's commercial entities , which form the main conduit for financing its Janjaweed proxies in Darfur .
The Poles should ask themselves the following question : Would , Poland 's traditional security concern , Russia , be happy or sad if the Polish government had really carried out its threat and used its veto to block the Brussels agreement ?
The ensuing `` grand bargain '' should concern the stabilization of Iraq , Iran 's nuclear program , and its role in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
If successful , the bargain should also aim at a total normalization of relations between Iran and the US .
The Middle East conference to be held in Annapolis , Maryland should be a forum for final status negotiations between the parties , dealing above all with the establishment of a Palestinian state and its borders -LRB- those of June 1967 , with some negotiated exchanges of territory -RRB- , its capital -LRB- Jerusalem -RRB- , Israeli settlements , and the right of return for Palestinian refugees .
It should also address questions of security , the termination of the decades-long state of war , and recognition of Israel by the Arab states .
Such an agreement should be implemented gradually , and progress should depend on the parties ' fulfillment of their obligations each step of the way .
Why should this conflict , which has proven to be unsolvable in the past , be suddenly solved -LRB- or brought closer to a solution -RRB- by three actors -- Bush , Olmert , and Abbas -- who are all in a state of profound domestic weakness ?
So one should never give up hope , even when hope seems impossible to sustain .
To this common agenda , the Europeans should add Africa , climate change , and reform of the United Nations and the world trading system .
The fate of the Kyoto Protocol should be a lesson to all parties involved .
With its establishment , resulting from long and terrible experience , the basic idea of modernity -- that the power of states and their rulers should be subject to the rule of higher law , thus placing individual rights above state sovereignty -- has taken a great step forward .
When respectable British media such as Financial Times warn against a renewed European psychodrama and instead call for working toward a `` Europe of results , '' this should be regarded rather as a bad joke than a serious alternative .
Beyond that , however , we should seriously consider whether , within the framework of the Treaty of Nice and on the basis of the Common Market , all parties involved and Europe would be better off parting ways : members favoring political integration should move on , while those satisfied with the Common Market should stay behind .
But the recent military muscle-flexing with rocket tests and the rejection of a compromise by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmedinejad and his foreign minister show that the country 's leadership is seriously divided over the strategic line that Iran should pursue .
On the contrary , should the negotiations fail , the confrontation will resurface in short order , and be far more dangerous .
There 's wisdom , which Iran 's leaders should heed , in the old adage that a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush .
Europe should have no illusions about this and should begin to prepare itself .
At the same time , however , one should n't lose sight of the joint interests linking Russia and the West .
Cooperative relations should be maintained as far as possible .
But , given the global economic and financial crisis , the question now is whether Germany should abandon its resistance to a European economic government and , instead , lead the way toward creating it .
The EU needs an economic government for the deep and long crisis ahead . Germany , Europe 's biggest and most important economy , should lead the way decisively .
After the summit in Washington , it should have sunk in among Europeans everywhere -- even the Euroskeptics of the British Isles -- that this strategic realignment is taking place right now !
An Answer to the Russian Challenge BERLIN -- For 19 years , the West -LRB- America and Europe -RRB- has been putting off answering a critical strategic question : what role should post-Soviet Russia actually play globally and in the European order ?
If you see Russia as a strategic adversary -- and the restoration of Great Russian power politics under Vladimir Putin , to the detriment of the rule of law in domestic and foreign policy , does indeed speak for it -- then the West should fundamentally change its agenda .
After all , if Russia 's government really wanted to achieve a change in the post-Soviet status quo , it should , first and foremost , pursue a policy vis-à-vis its neighbors that reduces rather than increases fears .
The West should not reject Russia 's wish for new negotiations on a European security system .
Instead , it should be viewed as an opportunity finally to answer the key question of Russia 's place within Europe .
Rather than relying on war as an economic mega-project to end today 's recession , the international community should bet on the fight against the climate crisis , because globalization will continue , rapidly increasing the threats to the world 's climate .
All of the relevant powers of the twenty-first century are represented in the G-20 , and they should see the success of Copenhagen as part of their direct responsibility .
This time , unlike at the London G-20 meeting , they should do the job properly -- both to protect our climate and to reboot the global economy .
Indeed , aside from matters of domestic policy and the issue of internal freedom , the choice between the major candidates hinges on the question of whether Iran should seek greater international integration .
Although Ukraine is in big economic and social trouble , it should not be forgotten that it has , until today , been saved from the fate of becoming a `` guided '' democracy in the Russian mold .
Moreover , regardless of who wins the presidential runoff , fears about Ukraine 's independence will not , in contrast to 2004\/2005 , be an issue . This too , is a step forward that should not be underestimated .
Germany and Poland should also jointly make sure that Europe 's interest in an independent and democratic Ukraine is not directed against anyone -- not just in Kiev , but also in Moscow .
To demand that Germany should stop increasing its competitiveness , or even reduce it , is simply bizarre .
While today 's quarrel is about who should pay for restructuring Greece , the real issue is the latent distrust between the two partners , which carries the danger of a permanent estrangement .
Merkel would cause outrage among her conservative voters -LRB- as well as court defeat at the German Constitutional Court in Karlsruhe -RRB- should she agree to a more free-spending policy , including any direct financial assistance for Greece .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel prevailed with her demand that the International Monetary Fund participate in a Greek bailout , should one be necessary .
Looking at this picture , we should not forget the global dimension , either .
And should things work out that way , this would be due more to a self-fulfilling prophecy on the West 's part than to Turkey 's policies .
Turkey is and should be a member of the G-20 , because , with its young , rapidly growing population it will become a very strong state economically in the twenty-first century .
The same applies to the southern Caucasus and Central Asia , where Europe , with the approval of the smaller supplier countries there , should firmly pursue its energy interests and assert itself vis-à-vis Russia , as well as to Ukraine , where Europe should also become seriously involved .
Berlin is consumed not with the question of what Europe might need in this historical situation , and what Germany 's role should be , but with fear -- of the conservative and tabloid press , of further losses in state elections , and of the possibility that the German constitutional court will intervene and overturn the existing programs to contain the euro crisis .
Germany made its own contribution to aggravating the crisis by launching a public debate about involving the banks in shouldering losses from 2013 on .
We should probably forget about any treaty changes at the moment .
It should have been clear that Netanyahu would not extend the freeze .
Europe , as Tunisia 's northern neighbor , will be directly affected either way , and should therefore become seriously involved in terms of promoting democracy and aiding economic progress .
European officials in Brussels and the major EU governments should not go for political and economic half-measures .
The EU and its member states -- particularly Spain , France , Germany , and Italy -- should make this new form of energy production and cooperation the key project of the Mediterranean partnership , and must ensure the necessary political conditions to accomplish it rapidly .
Taken together , these constraints and analogies suggest that the West , particularly Europe , should focus on long-term assistance for the democratic and economic development of the Middle East 's reborn countries , and also on partnerships with all forces that support their countries ' democratization and modernization .
If anything , Libya probably should be compared to Bosnia .
It is naive to assume that the most populous EU member state could and should keep out of a crisis situation in a region with immediate manifold European and German security interests .
BERLIN -- From the start of the Greek debt crisis in 2010 , the major European players should have understood the risks and consequences that it posed for the European Union .
That is why states should not be punished , and why their ongoing interests should not be underestimated .
It is certainly right , in principle , to argue that the banks should participate in financing the resolution of the debt crisis .
Regardless of the EU 's political crisis and paralysis , Europeans should not forget how important its existence is and will continue to be .
In any case , Hamas faces some risky and consequential decisions of its own -- all the more so should its main rival , Abbas 's Palestinian Authority , succeed in its current diplomatic campaign at the United Nations .
Drawing on that successful experience , the eurozone should avoid the EU 's original sin of creating a supra-national structure that lacked democratic legitimization .
If the threat of force -- a force that the US is quite obviously building -- aims at preparing the ground for serious negotiations with Iran , there can and should be no objection .
Instead , the focus should be on diplomatic efforts to detach Syria from Iran and isolate the Tehran regime .
Such a tax should start with turning the EU current exclusion of settlements ' products from preferential customs treatment into a full-scale ban on imports from settlements -- and any transactions with them .
Companies and banks should be barred from doing business in or with settlements , especially with construction companies and their suppliers .
Pressure should be exerted on Israel to end its financial assistance to settlements .
The occupation tax should also include action aimed at ending the virtual impunity enjoyed by the Israel Defense Force .
But perhaps we should be grateful that it was managed at all .
The fact that many Western economies got out of recession last year should not fool us into thinking that the crisis was only a brief interlude , and that the post-crisis world can return to the pre-crisis status quo .
A low point -- perhaps one should say the height of ridiculousness -- was reached last year when rating agencies intensified their surveillance of government debt , and markets that had been victimized by the agencies ' incompetence and bad faith became fixated on their evaluations .
Indeed , we should remember that economic growth was sustainable only in countries with highly developed social welfare systems , like France .
But what is needed is an institutional framework that would establish greater political responsibility concerning the primary economic objectives that Europe should pursue -- full employment and growth -- and that would at least partly close the democratic deficit implied by the ECB 's takeover of monetary policy from euro-zone states .
And no one should forget that , despite his campaign rhetoric and his apparent unpopularity with many immigrants , Sarkozy himself is an immigrant 's son who favors bold affirmative action policies .
Who am I , indeed , and why should I accept people reducing me and the richness of my identity to only one of its dimensions ?
Sen says that what is being accepted here should be thought of as national identity .
Why should a situation in which Europe is bearing the burden of weak currencies in the US and Asia be remedied in a global forum ?
As a result , the inevitable European rate cut , when it comes , will probably not have the stabilizing effect that it should .
That depends on whether the cost to the looters of being shot so clearly outweighs the value of the stolen goods that the storeowner should do nothing , at least at the moment .
The violent reactions last year to the caricatures of the Prophet Muhammad published in a Danish newspaper saw a confused Western response , with governments tripping over their tongues trying to explain what the media should and should not be allowed to do in the name of political satire .
Many countries are united in supporting the principle that if , say , Ahmedinejad does meet the criteria for incitement of genocide , he should be punished in the International Criminal Court .
It follows , therefore , that the crime of incitement should apply only to cases like Rwanda , where the radio broadcasts actually contributed to the occurrence of genocide .
In cases where bellicose leaders make public threats to `` bury '' another country -LRB- remember Khrushchev ? -RRB- or to wipe it off the map , the courts should wait , it was said , until some harm occurs .
Americans have traditionally said that , absent a risk of immediate unlawful violence , this form of speech should be protected under the First Amendment .
Whether criticism of Israeli policies is right or wrong , pundits and politicians who speak out on the issue should not be lumped together with those who say that Hitler should have finished the job .
By the same logic , state officials should bear responsibility for acts of terrorism committed under their authority .
These counter-examples should not be surprising .
Nor should all Palestinians suffer as though they acted as a single entity , posing a collective terrorist threat .
In the last few weeks , attention has focused on whether Rumsfeld himself should resign or be fired .
The longer-range consequence of this new modesty should be for Americans to become enthusiastic supporters not only of the UN but of the International Criminal Court .
Reported rates should be regarded as an upper limit , not as a true reflection of the rate of actual mental disorder .
CAMBRIDGE -- Two decades ago , many people thought that the lesson of the 1980 's was that Japan 's variant of capitalism was the best model , and that other countries around the world should and would follow it .
A decade ago , many thought that the lesson of the 1990 's was that the United States ' variant of capitalism was the best model , and that other countries should and would follow .
So , where should countries look now , in 2010 , for models of economic success to emulate ?
Perhaps they should look to the periphery of the world economy .
Perhaps its Labor Party should be given credit for pioneering the principle that center-left governments can sometimes achieve economic liberalization better than their center-right opponents .
But it should make more of its opportunity than this , and instead exercise substantive leadership .
It would be unwise to be too specific at this point about who should be in the smaller group .
? An attempt to address global current-account imbalances and ? currency wars . '' There could be a statement agreeing that excessive imbalances are a problem , that exchange rates and budget deficits both bear some responsibility , and that neither should bear the burden of adjustment alone ;
Exporters of any particular commodity should issue debt that is denominated in terms of the price of that commodity , rather than in dollars or any other currency .
The World Bank should take up the cause .
American politicians who fret about America 's mounting current account deficit should also have shown concern .
So long as these interests diverge , we should expect little coordination of foreign exchange policy between the two central banks .
The coming months of campaigning for the US presidency will be spent in petty brawling over what should be cut .
Proposals for some sort of `` partnership for transformation , '' based on political reform and full respect of human rights and fundamental freedoms , should bear in mind that the region 's political landscape looks certain to remain volatile and tense in the coming months .
Given this , the EU should be doing its utmost to prevent any deterioration of the region 's security .
In this new framework , the EU should avoid excessive conditionality , especially during the transition period .
Indeed , Libya has also just strengthened its relations with the EU : Seif al-Islam Gaddafi , the son of Libya 's long-serving ruler , Muammar al-Gaddafi , recently declared that soon the two sides should be able to sign an Association agreement , giving Libyan goods access to European markets .
From the beginning , the inner world of those entrusted to make recommendations was marked by personal and principled discord over how to interpret Alfred Nobel 's cryptic will and to whom prizes should be awarded .
There is nothing wrong with wanting heroes in science , but we should understand the criteria used to select those whom we are asked to revere .
Of course , our scientists should respond to current problems in society .
The European Research Council , which is to award research grants on the basis of peer-reviewed excellence , will therefore be an important step forward , and the EU should further increase its funding .
Our experience so far has taught us that university managers should not accommodate rising student populations by inflating their core business .
However fierce the global competition , they should concentrate on safeguarding quality and achieving excellence in research and education .
In terms of experience , patients who report that their movements feel alien should be more aware of the sensations caused by their own actions .
They should , for example , be able to tickle themselves .
So politicians like Sarkozy may have grounds to argue that central banks should intervene to limit such swings .
Despite wide and persistent swings in actual currency markets , their so-called `` rational expectations models '' predict that exchange rates should not deviate from parity in any lasting way .
Believing that they have found a way to model precisely how currency traders should think about the future , they see no need for intervention because , save for temporary deviations , markets always get currency values right .
Every month , the central bank should announce its estimate of a range of parity values , backed by analysis , which , unlike a precise value , reflects the inherent imperfection of knowledge concerning a currency 's parity .
This should moderate their willingness to do so , thereby limiting the magnitude of the currency swing .
This strategy does not imply that central banks should attempt to confine the exchange rate to a pre-specified target zone .
Instead , the '' limit-the-swings '' strategy proposed here implies that , as the exchange rate moves further away from parity , central banks should use their reserves to intervene at unpredictable moments in order to reinforce the effect of their regular announcements of the parity range on traders ' perception of increased risk of capital losses .
One reason for this failure is that pillar 1 of the Basel II Agreement , which outlines how banks around the world should assess credit risks and determine the size of capital buffers , makes no explicit allowance for long-swing fluctuations in asset markets .
As a result , not only are countercyclical measures needed , but banks ' capital requirements should vary inversely with the boom-and-bust fluctuations in the asset markets to which they are heavily exposed .
But before we endorse the idea of an irreducible clash of civilizations , we should consider why modern secular liberalism arose in the West in the first place .
But if human rights are indeed universal , should we demand their implementation everywhere and at all times ?
Why should the rest of the world think that conflict with a larger and more resolute enemy would be handled any more capably ?
If so , in what spirit should they conduct their work ?
In retrospect , the Committee probably should have refused the case , given that Lomborg 's book was subject to intense public scrutiny , often by experts writing -LRB- favorably -RRB- in The Economist and -LRB- unfavorably -RRB- in Scientific American .
But should universities now reduce their demands in order to meet the needs of the larger society , not least in terms of their carbon footprint ?
When Mikhail Khodorkovsky and other executives of Yukos , his oil company , were arrested last year , corporations investing or interested in investing in Russia were prepared to interpret the crackdown as an isolated incident brought on by the political agenda of the company and its CEO , who should have known better .
Post-socialist growth is a process that can not -LRB- and should not -RRB- be easily stopped .
I firmly believe that we should not allow ourselves to participate in these games , nor that we should believe that Russia 's fascist organizations do n't have anything to do with the government .
We should not lose heart , but we do need to be politically active and united .
All of this development raises a fundamental question : how should we make sense of the explosive productivity growth that has become China 's new hallmark ?
But they should not refuse to acknowledge that China 's mission to turn a nation of 1.3 billion poor people into a developed country through peace and free trade is one of the great , honorable , and most difficult sagas in human history .
Ideally , drugs should have a favorable risk-benefit ratio .
Compared with other drugs with the same indications , new drugs should be selected on the basis of their safety , effectiveness , and cost .
First , new drugs should always offer added value -- better efficacy , lower toxicity , or greater ease of treatment .
At present , a new drug 's producer prepares the entire dossier presented to the regulatory authority for approval ; in the interests of the public , at least one of the clinical trials should be carried out by an independent non-profit organization .
Third , better conditions for the approval of new drugs should be matched by better use of drugs , which requires better information for prescribers .
Likewise , the notion that blood cholesterol should be as low as possible clears a path to treating healthy people with anti-cholesteremic agents .
The CCAMLR should also apply to krill fishing the same monitoring , control , and surveillance measures that it requires for all other fisheries .
Of course , cancer researchers should not abandon their search for ever-more-effective cancer therapies , even for cures .
But a broader and deeper agenda is needed : China should agree to raise household spending and consumer imports ; India should open its markets so that its poor can benefit from low-cost imports ; and Europe and America must boost competitiveness in order to increase their exports .
So we should draw on Robert Skidelsky 's national investment bank proposals to equip our infrastructure -- not least our environment -- for future challenges and to stimulate growth and job creation .
Much of the world seems to think that Serbia 's role in the Balkan wars of the 1990 's puts it in the wrong , and that that should be the end of the matter .
So why should Kosovo 's declaration be accepted ?
Preserving national integrity is a universal principle of peace from which Serbia should not be excluded .
In retrospect , Russian membership should probably be considered a mistake .
While Putin 's policies could have been much worse -- it is legitimate to give him credit where it is due -- Russia should not be allowed to take the West for granted .
Venezuela 's oil reserves are vast , but they should not be squandered on foreign adventures disguised as economic integration .
Instead , Europe should draw on two periods of community building .
So the EU should not be afraid to affirm both medieval Christianity 's community of faith and the modern era 's community of reason .
EU leaders should talk about the European idea and the European spirit in a way that encourages Europe 's citizens to think about how they came together , why they are staying together , and what they want to do together .
Human rights should be the ideological benchmark for Europe 's internal politics and foreign policy -- otherwise , the creation of the post of EU foreign affairs minister will remain a dead letter .
Europe should base the multilateralism of its foreign policy on human rights , while working on reforming international law and the UN system to ensure that human rights win out over short-sighted political calculations .
The weapons of shame and international opprobrium should be mustered to make it impossible for any democratic nation to legitimize a coup in another democratic country .
It should become a principle of international relations that democracy and democratization must be supported in all situations ; that democratic societies should forego any opportunistic benefits that may come from supporting the enemies of democracy .
Third , democracy should not be reduced to mere respect for majority decisions .
Pericles , in his speech about democracy , as recorded by Thucydides , expressed a timely thought : ¡ ° Guided by tolerance in private life , we respect the law in public life ; we obey all laws , especially those unwritten ones , laws that defend those to whom injustice is being done , and laws the transgression of which brings universal disgrace . ¡ ± That ancient sense of the potent power of shame should be employed today , lest the democratic tide continue to run out .
A similar debate addressing key questions concerning the EU 's future should be launched now .
First , how should relations between national and common European interests be defined ?
In these circumstances , pragmatism should prevail .
First , how should relations between national and common European interests be defined ?
Political repression and the silence of Arab public opinion should worry America and its Arab allies , not reassure them , because it means that there is no way for the public to channel its interests , demands , and frustrations peacefully .
Iraq also possesses human and material resources that should work in favor of democracy in the long term .
But a third scenario -- less predictable change following a victory by Enríquez-Ominami -- should not be ruled out , as campaign advertisements will appear in the media only starting November 13 .
Rather than wait for a rising tide to lift all boats , policymakers should consider direct policy interventions to reduce poverty .
A high priority should be given to increasing pro-poor fiscal transfers .
Removing barriers to human mobility -- such as labor laws , state-specific social-welfare programs , and housing-market distortions -- should be an integral part of development .
Policymakers should recast agriculture in the new environment of globalization , supply chains , and growing domestic demand .
As a result , policymakers should begin to consider direct policy interventions to accelerate social progress , with a particular focus on human development and gender inclusiveness .
Deeper social disparities should never be viewed as the inevitable price of rapid growth , and more egalitarian outcomes in education , health , and gender should not be considered `` second-stage '' reforms .
In the coming years , Brazil 's government also should strive for fiscal balance -LRB- last year the deficit was still 3 % of GDP -RRB- , and then to attain a surplus , as Chile has done for years now .
The rest of the world should take notice .
While DeBakey is glad to be alive , how many people should we subject to the grueling treatment that he endured for the chance of a few more weeks or months of life ?
The HPG therefore recommended long-term monitoring of future humanitarian responses , and said that success or failure should be judged in a broad context rather than by a narrow focus on a specific project .
Real wages should grow fourfold by 2010 ; pensions must also grow accordingly .
The combination of the estimated increase in the world 's population by two billion people , lower transport costs , better connectivity , and growing transnational social and economic networks could and should lead to increased movement of people .
The trials should be conducted transparently and with broad public involvement .
Cambodia 's government and international donors should respond to this demand by launching reform programs that extend beyond the life of the Extraordinary Chambers .
Still , the Court should not hesitate to act outside Africa when mass atrocities demand redress .
Over time , the ICC 's example should foster more effective national and regional prosecutions of serious crimes such as genocide , crimes against humanity , and war crimes .
It suggested , instead , that the army should play a secondary role in anti-terrorist operations .
Nevertheless , we believe that a minimal set of financial sector reforms -- essentially making banks ' balance sheets strong enough to withstand substantial interest-rate policy actions -- should suffice to implement a low inflation objective .
Furthermore , it should be easier to adopt the new framework when times are good -- like now , when growth is strong and inflation is low .
The telephone dial did n't appear until 1919 , when the first group of self-designated `` user interface scientists '' at Western Electric considered what the most intuitive form should be .
Given humanity 's common interest in new energy sources , it seems that the world 's brightest scientific minds should collaborate to identify them .
For this reason , there should be two points of contact during a catastrophe .
Groups of critical thinkers -- the `` experts '' -- should be on hand to advise on how to avoid second-order disasters .
At the same time , relief efforts should be managed by a local science center that is known and trusted by those in danger .
This is even more worrying when you realize that scientists should also be monitoring bacteria , prions , and parasites .
Initial warning signs of a pandemic are most likely to appear in the developing world , but detection nodes should be positioned in every country , with the least possible expense .
Tropical climates and urban slums are humanity 's front line against pandemics , and they should be equipped properly .
We should not be surprised if someone eventually tries to tweak the content of pornography to exploit Americans ' cultural proclivities on behalf of other products , causes , or even political candidates .
If dying bees do not inspire formal guidelines about how the sky should be shared , let us hope that empty space will .
Abuse of it harms everyone , and profits from its use should benefit all as well , implying the need to establish worldwide democratic rights over what is an unarguably universal resource .
If we are to take climate change predictions seriously , the international community should strengthen these initiatives .
Where they do not exist , they should be created in partnership with all the countries concerned .
These three qualities should be put to work if our planet is to be spared major water wars .
States should make a political commitment to a framework that includes overall objectives , an institutional framework , and specific pledges of early action and financing .
Sensible risk management today dictates that atmospheric carbon should be stabilized at 350 parts per million of CO2 equivalent , not the current pathway of 450-500ppm CO2e .
Governments should not withhold the truth from their citizens .
For all our differences , Reagan and I shared the strong conviction that civilized countries should not make such barbaric weapons the linchpin of their security .
The nuclear powers should adhere to the requirements of the 1968 Non-Proliferation Treaty and resume `` good faith '' negotiations for disarmament .
If , as seems likely , economic troubles continue , the US , Russia , and other nuclear powers should seize the moment to launch multilateral arms reductions through new or existing channels such as the UN Conference on Disarmament .
As we engage in furthering our Conventional Forces in Europe -LRB- CFE -RRB- agreement , we should seriously consider reducing the burden of military budgets and forces globally .
The example of Reykjavik should remind us that palliative measures are not enough .
The debate about whether the US should allow Russia to have `` special interests '' in Eastern Europe -- renewed by Russia 's opposition to America 's proposed missile-defense installations in the Czech Republic and Poland -- is pointless .
Russia can be effective in dealing with these issues only if it becomes a competent global actor . Yet many assume that world politics should be designed to bypass Russia .
As a starting point , the RCB should be charged with projecting inflation , formulate policies to stabilize prices , and either implement those polices or explain why it can not and who could do so .
Key central banks including the European Central Bank promised to ease monetary policy to stave off a global recession , and injected immediate extra liquidity into the financial system , which should prevent any settlement or credit crunch caused by the disruption to America 's financial system .
But `` Private France '' - despite its dynamism - can not continue to compete and innovate while carrying the dead weight of `` Public France '' on its shoulders .
If so , the damage caused by the Yukos affair should be minimal .
Putin 's recent public statements point to such a vision : a dominant center-right ruling party , with a -LRB- non-communist -RRB- social democratic alternative waiting in the wings to maintain stable government should the main party falter .
In a world of increasing mobility , an aging Europe will badly need the immigrants of whom it is so frightened -- and it should give them a voice in local politics soon -LRB- say , one year -RRB- after they arrive .
I should declare a personal interest here : I was stateless for a time after my birth in Geneva .
If people are to feel committed to the place where they live , they must be allowed to influence decision-making , and that influence should not depend on nationality .
Because share prices , therefore , can not possibly affect the macro-economy , Mr. Shang should be able to improve the quality of regulation without worrying about the effect on growth . # 2 .
While the CSRC should be congratulated for its good work in improving this environment , more needs to be done .
With intensification of privatization , the CSRC should be freer to do its job properly . # 8 .
Educational loans should be booming in urban and rural China , but banks do not know to whom to lend , so they are not .
Perhaps we should not be so eager to be relieved of the burden of reflection , evaluation , and choice -- in short , of grappling with what lies at the true heart of our humanity .
Meanwhile , an emergent Japanese nationalism argues that Japan should revise its pacifist constitution and develop its military capability -- possibly including nuclear weapons to balance threats like that from North Korea .
But regional and sub-regional financial institutions owned by developing countries can and should play an important and valuable complementary role .
The explanation is simple : the problems that underlie the crisis -LRB- the precarious state of Greek public finances and that of the Spanish real estate sector -RRB- have not been solved , though they should actually be easily manageable in a pan-European context .
But , even in the worst case , the combined losses of Spanish and other banks in the Spanish real-estate sector should not exceed ¤ 300 billion , or about 3 % of EU GDP .
But , in assessing the outlook for the US economy , one should not compare low quarterly growth rates -LRB- the data for April-June are particularly disappointing -RRB- and the current unemployment rate of almost 10 % to the `` goldilocks '' bubble period .
The structural shift towards exports will be difficult and time-consuming mainly because producing the high-tech goods that the US should be exporting requires a skilled workforce , which has largely been lost and can not be re-created overnight .
The pigeons are thus fighting among themselves over who should be sacrificed .
The Chinese and others should , however , bear in mind that an increase in housing prices does not make a country richer .
Investors should not worry , they argue , because the current bailout mechanism -- the European Financial Stability Facility -LRB- EFSF -RRB- -- has worked so far without any haircut for bondholders , and will continue to be applied until about 2013 .
Patient investors should be rewarded .
In particular , they should be able to expect to be better off than those rushing to the exit .
First , governments should not be pushed into insolvency just to save all banks .
This means that the Irish government -LRB- maybe the next one -RRB- should demand that holders of bank bonds share the losses , perhaps by offering them a simple debt-equity swap .
The yields and volatility of longer-term bonds should then fall relative to short-term securities , allowing peripheral governments to finance themselves reliably and at reasonable cost .
But if the past pattern holds , house prices should start to fall very soon in -LRB- continental -RRB- Europe as well .
In these two countries , lower housing prices are likely to be associated with a sharp and prolonged drop in domestic demand , which should be stronger even than what can be expected in the US .
The negative impact of a downturn in housing prices in these two countries should thus be limited to a drop in consumption .
Germany should be affected the least , because both house prices and construction activity have been below trend for some time .
Granting balance-of-payments support has important fiscal implications , and it is natural that there should be continuing close oversight by those who ultimately provide the capital -- the IMF 's member states .
On the contrary , independence and professional expertise should be decisive .
Thus , a key change should be to distinguish between the IMF 's financial measures and its analytical functions , especially the surveillance of exchange rates and other sources of global financial risk .
- The Executive Board should be enlarged by the addition of several -LRB- possibly 3-5 -RRB- independent members -LRB- as in the private sector -RRB- , and the voting principle should be one person , one vote .
When the G-20 leaders meet in London , they should consider giving the IMF the independence it needs to become an effective guardian of global financial stability . Putting independent experts on this Board will be a key step in that direction .
Yet the lesson should not be that failure has to be avoided at all costs : applied to the case of Greece , this would mean that the pressure on the Greek government to adjust would evaporate .
Ideally , one should base the contributions on market indicators of default risk . But the very existence of the EMF would distort credit-default swap spreads and yield differentials among EMF members .
We therefore propose that contributions to the EMF should be based on member countries ' fiscal deficits and public debt levels , because both represent warning signs of impending liquidity or insolvency risk .
The key choice for this group is simple : should they direct their efforts solely at preventing failure -LRB- including open-ended fiscal support -RRB- , or should they also prepare for the failure of a member state in order to mitigate the consequences if that should happen ?
For example , the economic governance working group had agreed that monetary policy should be managed at Union level by an independent central bank , the ECB .
Fiscal policies should be left with the member states , albeit under the constraints imposed by the EC Treaty -LRB- the coordination procedures of Article 99 and the excessive deficits procedure of Article 104 -RRB- .
Only then can one hope for full implementation of reforms and the virtuous circle of improved expectations and economic performance that should have been set in motion by the European Council 's Lisbon summit seven years ago .
First , the old member states should immediately lift remaining restrictions on the freedom of movement for workers from new member countries .
Second , the EU should enact a common scheme for admission of immigrant workers from outside the Union .
Such a scheme should include a `` point system '' for selecting applicants for residence and work permits , which would assign each applicant a score based on objective criteria , typically including language ability , education , and experience .
These labor-market and immigration policies should become the focus of policy coordination within the EU .
They fought to change the world and they willingly carried the burdens of legions of people on their shoulders .
Like Evita and Ché , he bore the people 's burden of expectation on his shoulders .
But Sarkozy 's view that the European Central Bank should be subject to political engineering upset Germany , his visit to Moscow , because Germany felt that it was being circumvented .
Indeed , closer Franco-British cooperation should be viewed as a positive development , for it pulls the United Kingdom once more towards Europe .
Further progress will become increasingly important as European responsibilities are placed on more shoulders : Iran , climate change , and the ESDP are all examples of shared decision-making .
To boost investment in both directions , a zone of monetary stability should be created .
A Euro-Mediterranean monetary system would avoid the discrepancy between euro - and dollar-denominated trade -- indeed , eventual expansion of the eurozone should not be ruled out . A reliable legal framework for exports and investments is also needed , and a targeted development bank would help to create a financial environment favorable to investment .
At the same time , jobs mobility should replace unwanted migration .
Mobility for students and professors should be accompanied by improved occupational mobility for both European and African workers .
But awareness that principles of evidence-based medicine should also guide health policy has been slower to take root .
Consider the issue of whether countries should fund health care publicly , through taxes , or privately , through health insurance and user fees .
A Less-is-More Growth Strategy for Africa REYKJAVIK -- If African countries were to adopt only one policy to boost economic growth and improve macroeconomic stability , they should reduce the number of currencies in circulation across the continent as quickly as possible .
The outside world can and should support the strengthening of civil society , independent media , and a true transfer of political power in 2008 .
There should also be some understanding for what Russia and the Russian people have gone through over the past two decades .
Russia should be treated as a major power , which means consultations on important global issues .
Its voice should be heard on matters ranging from terrorism and weapons proliferation to global climate change and energy policy .
Amid all the attention being devoted to China and the potential for competition or even conflict with the US , it should not be forgotten that Russia 's future hangs in the balance , for history suggests that declining powers can pose as great a challenge to world order as rising ones .
The goal should be to redefine sovereignty for the era of globalization , to find a balance between a world of fully sovereign states and an international system of either world government or anarchy .
None of this should make anyone sanguine .
Ban should support the creation of an international facility that would provide governments access to -LRB- but not physical control of -RRB- enriched uranium and plutonium for the generation of electrical power .
But providing incentives for governments to maintain such forces at a high level of alert and setting standards for equipment , training , and professionalism is something the UN can and should do .
Trade and investment flows can and should be expanded , which is likely only if political relations improve .
Both countries should commit themselves to a diplomatic resolution of competing claims to offshore resources .
Exchanges of every kind -- military , educational , touristic -- should be facilitated .
Japan should no longer be denied fair treatment because of events more than 60 years ago .
There is no reason Japan should not hold a permanent seat in the United Nations Security Council .
Japan should also be a full participant in Asian regional arrangements .
The goal should be the same for China and Japan .
Moreover , just as the United States continues to play a major role in Europe , so , too , should it act as a guarantor of Asia 's stability and a source of regional prosperity .
Rather , the focus should be on the future and on welcoming the emergence of a Japan that is increasingly able and willing to act as a partner of the US in addressing regional and global challenges .
This suggests , first , that governments should avoid public comments describing the American presence as an occupation or as lacking legitimacy , lest they make it more likely that the US departs Iraq entirely and leaves the country and its people to a terrible fate .
Second , countries should support Iraq 's government , despite its shortcomings .
Finally , governments should consider contributing troops to help establish order , train the Iraqi police and military , and help Iraq guard its borders .
As the US inevitably reduces its role , others should be prepared to step up , lest Iraq 's government falls and the Iraqi state fails .
Who should be involved in negotiations ?
What issues should be on the agenda ?
Rigid timetables that history suggests would not be met should be eschewed .
But no one should walk away doubting the determination of the US and other members of the Quartet to see this process succeed as quickly as possible .
The most critical barrier for Hamas and others should be a clear commitment to forego armed violence in the pursuit of political ends .
There is something of a consensus , for example , emerging around the notion that the US should remain in Iraq for some time to come , albeit with a reduced level of military forces .
A great deal can and should be done to shape the non-polar world .
To this end , the scope of the World Trade Organization should be extended through the negotiation of future global arrangements that reduce subsidies and both tariff and non-tariff barriers .
A similar level of effort might be needed to ensure the continued flow of investment . The goal should be to create a World Investment Organization , which , by encouraging cross-border capital flows , would minimize the risk that `` investment protectionism '' impedes activities that , like trade , are economically beneficial and build political bulwarks against instability .
More effort also will be needed to prevent state failure and deal with its consequences . The US and other developed countries should enhance their military capacities to deal with the type of threats being faced in Iraq and Afghanistan , as well as establish a pool of civilian talent to assist with basic nation-building tasks .
The United Nations Security Council and the G-8 should be reconstituted to reflect the world of today rather than the post-1945 era , and the participation of non-state actors in multilateral organizations and processes will need to be considered .
Getting everyone to agree on everything will be difficult ; instead , we should consider accords with fewer parties and narrower goals .
We should seek China 's integration as a matter of self-interest .
Outsiders can and should make their views known , but mostly in private and without saying and doing things likely to stimulate the very nationalism we want to discourage .
Rather than boycott Beijing , the world 's leaders should embrace the Olympics and what they represent .
Here , Barack Obama appears more willing to have the US launch unilateral military raids against terrorists should the opportunity arise .
European countries should be prepared for US calls to do more to meet the increasing security challenge in Afghanistan .
Russia and China should expect enormous pressure from Obama to do more to discourage Iran from proceeding with uranium enrichment .
But no debate is more persistent than that between those who believe that American foreign policy 's principal purpose should be to influence the external behavior of other states and those who hold that it should be to shape their internal nature .
During the Cold War , there were those who argued that the United States should try to `` roll back '' the Soviet Union , bring down the communist system , and replace it with democratic capitalism .
It will , and it should .
It should come as no surprise that there is little consensus on a comprehensive accord that would have a meaningful impact on the world 's climate .
Such reforms should appeal to rich and poor countries alike , as they would reduce spending on energy and dependence on oil imports .
The goal for the representatives of the nearly 200 countries who will meet in Copenhagen should not be a single sweeping agreement so much as a set of more modest agreements .
One objective for Copenhagen should be to create a well-endowed global fund to support policies that discourage the cutting and burning of trees , help countries such as Brazil and Indonesia protect their rain forests , and provide alternative livelihoods to those who currently benefit from destroying them .
Smaller steps , however , can and should be taken .
The latter approach held that efforts to roll back Communism in the short run were too risky , given the Soviet nuclear arsenal , and that the United States and the West should content themselves with limiting the spread of Soviet power and influence .
Containment prevailed , but this hardly settled the debate , as there were intense arguments both over where it should be applied -LRB- Vietnam , Central America , and the Middle East all come to mind -RRB- and how it should be carried out , i.e. , the right mix of military force , covert action , diplomacy and arms control , and economic sanctions and assistance .
The goal should be to limit what they can accomplish in the short term ; to get them to change their policies in the medium term ; and to set in motion forces that will bring about new and fundamentally different governments and societies in the long term .
The prospect of a threat to the stability of the greater Middle East and to the flow of oil should give China an incentive to support robust sanctions against Iran . But it is not clear whether China 's leaders will recognize this and act in their country 's own long-term self interest .
In return , new arrangements should call on emerging countries to contribute more to addressing climate change , paying for peacekeeping and state-building , promoting free trade , and sanctioning those who support terror or develop weapons of mass destruction .
Iraq and Afghanistan proved to be strategic distractions , and , particularly in Afghanistan , the US should resist pressures to prolong a substantial military presence .
Early elections should be avoided , lest those -LRB- such as the Muslim Brotherhood -RRB- who have been able to organize over the years enjoy an unfair advantage .
The Muslim Brotherhood should be allowed to participate in the political process so long as it accepts the legitimacy of that process , the rule of law , and the constitution .
It is never possible to satisfy the demands of all protesters , and regimes should not try .
In this vein , outsiders should be careful of intervening too much , especially in public .
Outsiders can assist -- for example , with ideas for constitutional reform or voting procedures -- but this should be done privately and as suggestions , not demands .
Bin Laden 's demise , as welcome as it is , should in no way be equated with the demise of terrorism .
There are steps that can and should be taken to attack or neutralize certain types of viruses or bacteria ; to reduce vulnerability to infection ; and to reduce the consequences of infection if , despite all of our efforts , we become ill .
The outside world can and should continue to provide assistance to help Pakistan acquire the strength and skills required to tackle modern-day terrorists .
This is not nearly as desirable an outcome as Pakistan joining what should be a common international effort .
This is not to argue that the Middle East is irrelevant or that the US should ignore it .
Moreover , mere elections should never be confused with democracy .
Outsiders , however , can and should help .
But this conservatism should not be mistaken for violent radicalism , as America , unfortunately , has done .
The difference between Muslim conservatives and reformists can be measured in two ways : their stance on the possibility of making personal judgments on religious matters -LRB- known in religious terms as `` diligence '' -RRB- and their attitude towards non-Muslims . Conservatives believe that the revealed law was settled during the glorious days of Islam , and that individual interpretation should therefore be restricted .
They also adopt a liberal attitude toward women 's head covering , as well as their political participation and travel , which should be determined individually .
Thus , conservatives and reformists agree that the rights of others should be observed and preserved .
How extensively should it contribute to security , education , research , innovation , and protection of the poor ?
Instead of throwing up our hands in despair , we should adhere to a distinction dear to the great German sociologist Max Weber , for now is a time when the ethics of responsibility must prevail over the ethics of conviction .
Likewise , while Royal carefully maintains the distinction between nation and nationalism , she is drifting away from the Socialist Party 's old embrace of The Internationale , instead defending La Marseillaise and suggesting that all citizens should display a French flag on the National Day .
For them , national identity should be abandoned in favor of a European identity , even if the feeling of belonging to Europe is not deeply held among the peoples of the EU .
Increased emphasis on household lending should also create a better balance in the economy between capital spending and consumer spending than was possible during the expansion of 2002-2004 .
Last June , it was agreed at the EU level that European institutions ' decisions should not impinge on member states ' control of fiscal policy .
That is a nice idea , but it is half-baked : it fails to specify which taxpayers should be on the hook if something goes wrong and savers want their money back , as with the Icelandic banks in the United Kingdom , the Netherlands , or even Switzerland .
With these crucial issues unresolved , we are creating a Europe-wide system that violates the golden rule of any institutional design : decisions should be made by those who bear responsibility and who ultimately must pay .
More important , should the Council declare a state of financial emergency -- such as the one we are in currently -- the EU agencies might exceptionally be given a position of predominance over national supervisory authorities .
One simple rule should be applied as rigorously in this sensitive area as anywhere else : if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it .
Yet Europe 's potential contribution should not be underestimated .
The complementarities between countries rich in human resources and oil-producing states should be harnessed , while energy-derived investment must be diverted from the old markets of the West to the Gulf 's troubled hinterland .
We should look to the Helsinki Process to show us how to retrieve what has been lost .
These sacrifices have convinced many Westerners that the Middle East is not beyond redemption , and that the region 's people should be given a chance to enjoy the same liberty that they do .
Indeed , the events and personalities that have so far gained attention seem to fill the void where the declarations of freedom and treatises on rights -- where the ideas -- should be .
Any such manifesto must address the two elephants in the room -- Palestine and the price of oil -- as well as the extent to which regional water and energy resources , now rapidly depleting , should be shared .
At the opposite extreme , the gloating by US neo-conservatives should be tempered by a clear consideration of America 's interests .
If morality is God 's word , atheists should judge these cases differently from religious people , and their responses should rely on different justifications .
For example , because atheists supposedly lack a moral compass , they should be guided by pure self-interest and walk by the drowning child .
Or was he suggesting that the US-inspired reform agenda that it had followed was wrong and that it should instead focus on Japanese-style industrial policy ?
Who , among those who should be serving as models for others , that is , who among the leaders of political parties , denies his own financial machinations with a smirk ?
For example , I find it almost absurd that such a large and powerful country should be alarmed by the prospect of three small democratic republics on its border -- Estonia , Latvia , and Lithuania -- joining a regional grouping which it does not control .
Indeed , I believe that `` West '' should gradually become a morally neutral word again .
In the future , it should mean no more and no less than a clearly defined region of the contemporary world , one of the spheres of civilization that is characterized by a shared history , culture , scale of values , type of responsibility , as well as by its very own specific concerns .
The same should also be true of the `` East , '' in spite of all the problems , obviously deep-rooted , that afflict it at present .
The same should apply for all the other entities of today 's world , and there is no reason to feel ashamed because of an affiliation to any of them .
Therefore , unifying Europe should set an example for the rest of the world regarding how to face the various dangers and horrors that are engulfing us today .
Russia , I believe , should clearly say -- and the international community should clearly say to Russia -- that it has defined borders that will not be questioned , because disputed borders lie at the core of most conflicts and wars .
European diplomats should weigh up the consequences of accommodating Castro 's regime .
They should show that they will neither ignore his practices nor neglect the suffering of Cuban prisoners of conscience .
For dozens of years , the international community has been arguing over how it should reform the United Nations so that it can better secure civic and human dignity in the face of conflicts such as those now taking place in Burma or Darfur , Sudan .
The actions taken or not taken by the Cuban government should be used as a benchmark when the European Council reviews the EU 's Common Position on Cuba in June . Lastly , the EU should continue actively supporting peaceful democratic movements and civil society organizations in Cuba by taking advantage of the intrinsic knowledge some of its member states have about making a transition to democracy .
The United Nations and the European Union should be ready to reject conclusively the result of the referendum and strengthen sanctions against the regime .
Burma 's neighbors in ASEAN should stop looking the other way as Burma 's rulers trample on Burma 's citizens .
The UN Security Council should consider introducing a universal arms embargo , and the EU should adopt banking sanctions that target the regime and its cronies .
Moreover , the UN should not only condemn , but without further delay put a stop to today 's greatest atrocity : the regime 's obstruction of foreign assistance to victims of the cyclone .
But , regardless of this ignorance and of its economic interests , the EU should insist on the release of political prisoners and use all international institutions to bring pressure to bear on the Cuban government to respect the human and civil rights of Cuba 's people .
During any negotiations with Cuba 's leaders , European politicians and diplomats should remind their Cuban partners of their obligations .
They should also be in contact with Cuban civil society to express their solidarity with the families of the political prisoners .
The EU should not and must not repeat this error .
Pressure must be brought to bear to bring Burma 's generals to a negotiating table where real negotiations take place . All the tools at the disposal of the international community should be used to bring this about .
The pressure on Burma 's generals must also be bilateral and multilateral -- and should be reinforced by carefully calibrated economic measures , including targeted financial and banking sanctions .
The UN General Assembly should follow the UN Special Rapporteur 's recommendation to establish a Commission of Inquiry into war crimes and crimes against humanity in Burma .
Moreover , the UN Security Council should impose an arms embargo against Burma , as it has in other countries similarly afflicted by conflict and serious human rights abuses .
After all , in a post-economic-crisis world of scarce public and private resources , disaster-relief efforts , one might argue , should target only poorer countries and peoples .
The current Polish EU presidency should hark back to the origins of Poland 's thriving democracy , and recall the essential support that it received from the West a generation ago .
A similar effort is needed for Ukraine today , and that effort should not be set aside for reasons of political expedience , or , for that matter , pursued for reasons of simple economic self-interest .
At the very least , the EU should demand that Tymoshenko and the other opposition leaders are set free on bail so that they can more vigorously defend themselves in court .
While unlikely anytime soon , this possibility should give everyone pause and spur us to find policies that will help Arabs find the political dignity and good governance they deserve through an ordered , peaceful process .
Dissent , should it arise , must always take the form of well-intentioned advice given to the ruler in a private setting .
This means that early cancerous cells should be sensitive to PARP inhibitors .
The Korean people have a historical right to determine their peninsula 's future arrangements , including unification should they so choose .
Who is to say that this motivation should be held in any lower regard than that of those manning the ramparts of democracy ?
Finally , the Obama administration should bear in mind that in some countries , the old order will be replaced quickly .
When such prescriptions present themselves , policymakers should take a deep breath and ask how the tyrant got there in the first place .
Surely , that lesson should be applied as the US responds to the emergence of a new -- but not necessarily newly democratic -- Arab world .
It should also be a guide in dispensing political advice .
I would start by keeping in mind that some countries ' capacity to absorb advice is limited , so it should be offered in smaller portions .
But human rights should not be conflated with democracy .
We should therefore focus on meeting international human-rights standards as a goal that a new democracy `` must '' -LRB- to use a favorite word of Western editorial writers -RRB- move toward quickly .
But we should not confuse these values with the other essential elements of progress , such as establishing liberalized trade regimes , creating institutional structures with a separation of powers , and rooting out corruption .
For Americans -LRB- and others -RRB- who believe that the Arab world thinks about nothing but the Palestinian cause , events this spring in North Africa , the Arabian Peninsula , and even the Levant should have convinced them otherwise .
We should not ignore how the absence of a peace process could ultimately erode the fragile -LRB- and by no means universal -RRB- gains in the rest of the Arab world .
That proposal fell in two parts . He , Blair , was demonstrably more `` electable , '' and should lead Labor in deposing the ramshackle Tory regime of John Major .
If the British unions wanted to be ethically consistent , they should apply the same strategies to universities in the numerous countries where human rights are brutally abused and free speech suppressed .
In far-away Khartoum , Sudanese President Omar Hassan al-Bashir , now indicted by the International Criminal Court , should be paying close attention .
Since the US can not get directly at amorphous terrorist networks themselves , it should exert pressure against governments that tolerate terrorists on their territory as well as those that directly sponsor it .
To reduce the destabilizing consequences of even such limited operations , a massive effort to help the predictable flood of refugees survive the winter should be cranked up now , rather than waiting until a crisis is upon us .
· First , American troops should be relocated from the vicinity of Mecca and Medina , not bowing to pressure but to occupy Iraq , thereby removing a source of anti-American rage , while allowing the United States to continue stabilizing the region militarily .
· Second , the occupying forces should call an immediate election in Iraq , which would likely result in a Shia government . That would have the collateral benefit -LRB- if combined with a go-ahead for a trans-Iranian oil pipeline -RRB- of conciliating Iran to our cause .
· Third , after ending the grueling sanctions , from which Iraqi civilians have long suffered , the occupying forces should concentrate on rebuilding Iraq politically and economically , along the lines of the post-WWII occupations of America 's enemies .
· Fourth , in exchange for an iron-clad US security guarantee , Israel should pull all settlers from the zones where their lives remain hideously insecure , to the 1967 borders , and a viable Palestinian state should be created , perhaps with an international protectorate in East Jerusalem .
The value of improvisation in the face of novel threats does not imply that existing rules should be peremptorily discarded .
Addressing the root causes and reducing the impact of displacement should start by heeding victims ' voices -- their needs and wishes must be understood and their rights respected .
China is clearly pleased to see that the United States is now also placing cool calculation of its national interests at the forefront of its foreign policy . `` In delivering a better life for people on the ground , one should be more concerned with substance than with form , '' Obama stated in an interview just before his inauguration .
As the US backtracks on its liberal standards , it is flirting with what can be called the `` Beijing Consensus , '' which makes economic development a country 's paramount goal and prescribes that states should actively steer growth in a way that suits national stability .
At the diplomatic level , this implies that national interests , not universal norms , should drive cooperation .
As we move from a unipolar international order to one with multiple regional powers , realism should allow them to vie for influence while keeping the costs as low as possible .
Russia can have its Caucasus , and if the generals in Myanmar should go mad , it would become China 's and India 's problem to sort out .
During the recent National People 's Congress , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao stressed that China should not punch above its weight , and that the People 's Republic still needs stability if it is to become a society that offers a decent life to all of its citizens .
If Beijing is serious about building strategic partnerships with the West , it should back up its charm offensive with deeds and take the initiative in fostering more effective cooperation .
But how worried should the Pakistani authorities really be in the face of growing US pressure to root out Islamic militants ?
The government should abolish coeducation .
In fact , there is no technical reason why a species should go extinct , and great achievements in protecting biodiversity are being made .
Indeed , we should not forget the infinite spiritual and recreational benefits that the natural world provides to people and cultures everywhere .
Once the true value of our natural resources is understood , rather than taken for granted as if there were an infinitely available supply , the vital importance of conserving biodiversity should be better recognized .
Therefore , developing nation policymakers should consider encouraging households to change their food practices .
But surely addressing hunger in the most cost-efficient way should be a top global priority .
The United Kingdom has already committed itself to a binding target to reduce emissions by that amount , and President Barack Obama has expressed intention that the United States should also set that target .
Former Foreign Minister Abdullah al-Khatib argues that Jordan should have begun distancing itself from Iraq years ago .
The prevailing response in the 1960 's to Israel 's triumph was that the Arabs should adapt the guerilla strategies pursued by the Vietnamese , Chinese , and Cubans .
In recognition of its outsized historic and per capita emissions , the US should agree to economy-wide emissions reductions in line with domestic climate legislation currently being considered .
China should be excused of consumer-related obligations for the time being , but assume commitments on industrial production based on the recognition that effectively reducing emissions in these sectors requires coordinated international action .
On the other hand , no one should be surprised that Americans chafe at constraints on their ability to take advantage of US military hegemony .
This means that decision-makers , on both sides of the Atlantic , should always take into account the effect of their decisions -LRB- and of their language -RRB- on the relationship .
Which areas should be applied to every member state , and which should be optional ?
I believe that every member state should administer those policies that do not directly and significantly affect other member states .
In areas which serve their national interest , individual members should decide whether to retain wholly national control or whether to co-operate with others .
The Union 's members should form a series of overlapping circles : different combinations of members should be able to pool their responsibilities in different areas of their own choosing .
The European Union should stop trying to do everything and concentrate on doing fewer things more effectively .
It should give member states the chance to develop an approach to Europe that suits their national traditions , within the EU framework .
They safeguard them , and should not diminish those liberties without an explicit mandate .
With UN administrators still holding sway in Kosovo and Bosnia years after their savage wars ended , and with talk of a UN mission to replace the US occupation administration in Iraq , when should an international administration be terminated and oversight of a country returned to its citizens ?
That 's a lesson other occupying international agencies should keep in mind .
At the Riga summit , NATO should challenge the EU to take its proper share of responsibility for success in Afghanistan .
But for this to happen , countries with traditionally generous refugee programs should come forward and offer more places to receive Iraqis .
If America makes good on this promise , it would be a big step forward , but the US , which led the intervention in Iraq , should now lead in attending to the victims .
All the same , this municipal election should be looked upon as a giant first step in the arduous journey toward Saudi democracy .
Despite many misgivings regarding its conduct in other areas , the Saudi regime should be commended for this initiative .
But Europeans have an advantage in today 's global competition , for which we should thank Jean Monnet and Jacques Delors , who created the Single Market before globalization was a buzzword .
Moreover , corruption is the bane of development everywhere , so new governments should move fast to establish institutions and procedures to fight it .
Transparency and accountability are powerful ideas with near-universal support , which means that new leaders should not give up when the fight becomes difficult .
Civil-society organizations , local communities , representatives of the poor and vulnerable , and women play a vital role in this regard , and they should be included at every level of decision-making .
The recent revolutions , it should be recalled , started with the self-immolation of a Tunisian fruit vendor , who was harassed and insulted by the authorities .
That lesson , too , is one that all countries in transition should bear in mind .
Moreover , all the teams should agree not to select and report only the data that seem most impressive .
But we should not panic .
Instead of taking scientific evidence as dogma , we should consider it as tentative information that should be ascribed a level of credibility .
But we should get used to understanding that some research findings have very low credibility , while others may be more likely to stand the test of time .
Reducing meat consumption should reduce rates of colorectal cancer as well -- the second most common type in men , after lung cancer .
It is almost an instinct among some politicians and business leaders that if competition is deemed unfair , the European Commission should marshal new trade defenses .
As long as such a `` one-pillar-approach '' is unavailable , there is no convincing reason why the ECB should change a strategy which has served it well and allowed it to establish a remarkable track record .
`` Solidarity '' in the true sense means that all euro-zone countries should comply with EMU 's fundamental rules by adhering to the Stability and Growth Pact and the `` no bail-outs '' principle .
When these missions are accomplished -- but not sooner -- US forces should withdraw from Iraq .
The struggle of Iraq 's Kurds should be instructive .
Politics aside , the long-term damage to Iraq 's legal institutions caused by these maneuverings should not be underestimated .
What China should be carefully watching is whether there are signs of overheating in the domestic economy , and whether asset prices are rising sharply .
Anyone who believes in the rights of all children to quality education should be troubled by a decision so myopic .
Our only hope of getting out of this prison is that another country decides to provide safe haven to men like us -- men who did nothing wrong and never should have been detained here in the first place .
Today , in the light of the newly discovered epigenetic mechanisms , Darwinian evolution should include descent with epigenetic as well as genetic modifications , and natural selection of induced as well as random variations .
Certainly , it should not be reduced to `` selfish genes . ''
The region 's abundant gas resources should also be used to power desalination plants to meet the Maghreb 's enormous water needs .
Development of water infrastructure is vital for the Maghreb , so if there is one issue that should unite the region , it is management and allocation of water resources .
The defeat of the EU 's Constitutional Treaty in referendums in France and the Netherlands has , it seems , given rise to a new consensus that further enlargement of the Union should be slowed down , or even stopped .
If that is true , what should we think of today 's mounting economic nationalism , sometimes euphemistically described as `` economic patriotism '' ?
We should be concerned about the efficiency losses in markets where restrictions stemming from economic nationalism have so far been imposed .
But we should be far more worried that fear about the collapse or manipulation of markets creates a demand for action that makes such a collapse more rather than less likely .
But there are two crucial aspects of the debate on religious values that should not be overlooked .
Germans do not see why they should be vulnerable because of poor quality mortgage lending in American inner cities .
A firm denial by the government should be seen as a sign that most of the American economy is fundamentally sound , and that American financial markets are sophisticated enough to be able to identify sound business practices .
We should remember that there have been several dramatic episodes of globalization in the past .
In the face of the difficulties of big automobile producers and smaller suppliers alike , many are demanding that , as part of the rescue package , the state should compel banks to lend .
But its acolytes should reflect on the uniformly disastrous results of centralized credit provision in the past .
We see this in the current discussion about the distributional effects of rescuing the automobile industry ; or the worry that hedge funds , which are widely blamed for today 's financial malaise , should have access to the Fed 's emergency credit lines .
Indeed , as governments scramble to respond to the current crisis , we should remember that deflation tends to produce not only radical anti-capitalism , but also a profound hostility to any kind of economic or political organization .
On the one hand , there is the idea -- which defined banking for much of American history -- that banks should be close to the risks that they must judge .
But we are not sure quite who and what should be unmasked .
The recent era of global finance -- perhaps we should speak of it as being past ? -- differed from the financial surge of a century ago .
Last year , President Obama 's chief of staff Rahm Emanuel remarked that a good crisis should never be wasted .
Since a common diagnosis of the problems generated in the financial services business holds that human greed is to blame , a German think tank recently suggested that people with a genetic proclivity to high dopamine levels should be barred from taking leading positions in financial institutions .
The second , and better , approach lies in agreements in each country about what the appropriate basis for monetary policy should be .
There was always uncertainty over the extent to which central banks should attempt to correct or limit asset-price bubbles when there was no corresponding rise in the general level of inflation .
Many Europeans tried to argue in recent years that monetary policy should also take asset-price developments into account , whereas American policymakers and academics largely resisted this approach .
If it is clear who will vote for which measure , there will be increased demand for a public debate about who should be chosen : why not elect the MPC , since it is effectively a monetary government ?
In the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , President George W. Bush advised Americans that they should not allow the trauma of the attacks to interfere with their ordinary shopping , and implied that buying had become a patriotic duty and virtue .
A second major global crisis , in the 1970 's , shook the heavy-industrial basis of manufacturing , and with it the idea that governments should manage the economy .
As a result , the big transnational institutions are lobbying hard for a pan-European approach to banking supervision and regulation -LRB- and implicitly for fiscal bailouts should that supervision and regulation fail -RRB- .
The more we insist that a banking system should be competitive , the greater the risks that individual banks will take .
The new answer to the dilemma is to legislate what sorts of activity should be cut out completely .
That was because France and Germany , the principal protagonists in the drama of monetary integration , had different visions of how the problem should be solved .
Which group should be the first to make a sacrifice ?
In many countries , the fall in bank lending was partly offset by an increase in lending to governments , which thought that the banks should recycle society 's savings directly into public-sector spending .
It is these companies that will back demands for new guidelines on what banks should do and how they should lend .
In the Depression , according to Kindleberger , the US should have provided an open market to foreign goods .
US financial institutions should have continued to lend to distressed borrowers , in order to prevent a spiral in which credit rationing forced price reductions and intensified world deflation .
After World War II , as a leading figure in developing the Marshall Plan , Kindleberger set about applying these lessons : the US should keep its markets and its flow of funds open to support other countries .
If Britain , with a relatively low share of public debt to GDP -LRB- 64.6 % -RRB- is worried , the implication is that many other countries should be much more concerned .
The major question today should be whether the failure of capital markets -LRB- and the implications for government debt -RRB- after 2007 has been as severe as during the Great Depression .
That precedent should serve as a warning of how vulnerable governments and their finances can rapidly become , and of how fiscal policy can stand in the way of a monetary approach oriented toward stability .
The British response should prompt other industrial economies , above all the US , to tackle their long-term fiscal weaknesses .
It was not very imaginative : Banks and multilateral development institutions should all lend more , and the debtors should continue their efforts to improve their macroeconomic policies .
And some Europeans worried that the Fund was taking sides in a polarized intra-European dispute about how the costs of the financial crisis should be shared .
Jacques de Larosière and Michel Camdessus were French civil servants who combined high-level technical and managerial expertise with a vision of how the world economy should operate .
The next one should be Eastern rather than Western , an economist rather than a politician , and a visionary rather than a tactician .
This should be a happy picture : the world is now better able to feed itself .
For decades , academic analysts have been fighting over whether such large-scale family businesses should be considered beneficial .
The turbulence reinforces the lesson -- fundamental to the rationale of establishing the euro -- that ordinary people and businesses should not be exposed to exchange-rate risk .
Our aim should be to invent financial mechanisms for segmenting and spreading risk , so that one bad case no longer has the potential to destroy the whole system .
Europeans should look to the past , when previous crises produced innovative solutions .
Its problems should not be seen as a test of family capitalism , but rather of the dangers that come from the temptation to break out of the old order .
Reserve holdings represent an outdated concept , and the world should contemplate some way of making them less central to the operation of the international financial system .
They should reduce their holdings as quickly as possible , before they do something really stupid with the accumulated treasure .
But the economics of the rise of industrial Germany and Japan should hold comforting lessons for us today .
The US Institute of Medicine weighed in on the issue in a 2007 report : `` Given the strong evidence of its effectiveness in treating opioid dependence , opioid agonist maintenance treatment should be made widely available where feasible . ''
In rural Iraq the tradition is that a person preferably should die at home with his or her family around .
How do Schneider and Sagan reconcile the contradiction between what appears true of life - that it organizes matter into increasingly complex creatures and structures - and the notion that disorder should increase and order should be lost ?
They should therefore be preferred mates .
Another common argument against tobacco control -- that if people are not harming others , governments should not interfere with their individual decisions -- is at odds with both common sense and the evidence .
The world should not misjudge the effect of such troubles on China .
Nor should it forget China 's fierce display of nationalism in response to Western protests of the Olympic touch relay , the extraordinary patriotism that swept the country in response to the Sichuan earthquake , and the national pride evinced by the Olympic Games .
As these Chinese see it , the US has a rather dysfunctional government , but nevertheless insists that its political and economic system is the best in the world , and that everyone should emulate it .
This is in line with the Party 's recently announced policy that the next generation of leaders should have an average age of around 55 years , with up to four top positions filled by leaders not yet in their fifties .
For example , much of the talk that China should take the lead in regional institutions , and that Chinese ships should have a greater presence in vital sea lanes such as the Malacca Straits and even the Indian Ocean comes from the younger generation .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Just over a hundred years ago , the United States led the world in terms of rethinking how big business worked -- and when the power of such firms should be constrained .
In particular , the US should consider introducing a value-added tax -LRB- VAT -RRB- , widely used in other industrialized countries .
Moreover , the US should look hard at tax breaks that act like hidden spending programs .
A top priority should be to preserve and expand its cost-cutting provisions .
Irish and EU politicians should take the lead in making these tough decisions , but the current leadership will not .
The IMF , which should be standing up to this dangerous bargain , instead plans to open the spigots -LRB- with Chinese , American , and other countries ' funds -RRB- even more widely to insolvent nations .
The Germans should recall the last episode of widespread sovereign default -- Latin America in the 1970 's .
For example , Greece 's debt stock , including required bridge financing under the IMF program , should peak at around 150 % of GNP in 2014 ; much of this debt is external .
Given this , we should expect Greek debt yields to rise further , despite the current IMF program .
So the ECB should decide which countries are inherently solvent , and then protect them against a liquidity squeeze with new , scaled-up interventions that do target interest rates .
At that point , the Europeans should get on with completing their monetary cordon sanitaire : orderly debt restructuring in all countries with debt burdens that are too large to be credibly restructured in Merkel 's new regime .
-LRB- Indeed , her book with Ken Rogoff , This Time Is Different , should be required reading for US policymakers . -RRB-
WASHINGTON , DC -- Traditionally , `` you should go to the IMF '' was not something you would say to friendly neighbors and close allies .
Moreover , Greek public workers should expect massive pay cuts , which , in Greece 's poisonous political climate is a sure route to dangerous levels of civil strife and violence .
Will you really argue that the president should leap over the edge , thereby plunging millions of people -- their jobs , their homes , and their families -- into a financial abyss ?
But reform should not be confined to public retirement systems .
But reform of early retirement rules should not completely cut off access to social insurance programs before , say , age 60 .
There is a considerable degree of heterogeneity in any population , so it is neither fair nor desirable that everyone should be forced to retire at the same age .
He should .
Should he never have recommended the war , or presided over it in the first place , and should there never been an American war in Vietnam ?
If the Vietnam disaster was launched in full awareness of the `` lessons , '' why should those lessons be any more effective this time ?
In a memo of 1964 , he wrote that `` the political damage to Truman and Acheson from the fall of China arose because most Americans came to believe that we could and should have done more than we did to prevent it .
The Israelis then explained to their hosts -- in considerable detail -- the potential economic consequences for China if an Israeli strike on Iran should become necessary in order to stop Iran from fulfilling its `` nuclear ambitions . ''
Why , then , should the rest of the world leave the resolution of these disputes to America alone ?
That is why it should not hanker after any ersatz export-led or state-directed growth .
But this does not mean that agriculture should be neglected ; on the contrary , it remains a way of life for many millions of Indians , who need capital and new technology .
That all countries taking part in the political process on climate change should be treated equally has ensured that Europe still exerts a good deal of influence .
More attention should also be given to regional and inter-regional power initiatives , which can help smooth out the uneven distribution of energy resources across countries .
But how , exactly , should the region 's policymakers respond ?
I suspect that many will agree with this view . They will agree that our ability to distinguish right from wrong is something precious that we should safeguard , not a broken clock that scientists should fix .
So we should n't be too quick to dismiss the suggestion that science might help -- in the first instance , by helping us design more effective institutions , more inspiring moral education , or more persuasive ethical arguments .
One wonders if Pipes would accept the US military taking over the American government if it should ever unilaterally conclude that American politics had gone awry .
The Obama administration should make as bold a break with the Bush administration 's policy toward India as the Bush administration did with its predecessor by refocusing the relationship on tackling the real sources of insecurity .
It also should build a partnership for the elimination of nuclear weapons within a set time frame in which the US must take a leadership role .
Those with bitter memories of Japanese behavior half a century ago should be reassured ; this debate is about how to defend peace , not about how to promote or wage war .
However , efforts to promote this kind of cooperation should not be confined to these mid-level powers .
There are many other potential mid-level democratic countries that should take part .
The goal should be to build and exercise influence within the international community to the point that the coalition becomes tantamount to a permanent `` sixth '' member of the Security Council .
In the light of this history , how should Japan 's stance in Iraq be viewed ?
So how should Japan respond ?
Japan 's government should thus give a clear indication of a true will to defend the country 's security .
On the contrary , recent illegal violation of Japanese territorial waters by Chinese nuclear submarines suggests that , rather than being reduced , ASW capability should be built up further .
As for the nuclear issue , Japan 's policy toward North Korea should continue to emphasize solidifying ties with the US and strengthening cooperation with China , South Korea , and Russia , making every effort to promote early resumption of the six-party talks .
So it should be no surprise that , as Koizumi moves toward the end of his second and final term in office , his efforts to reform the constitution to allow Japan more effectively to defend world peace are gathering pace .
It should be remembered that , after the US , Japan is the largest contributor to the United Nations , and to its peacekeeping budget .
This will provide China with necessary capabilities to invade , should China 's rulers wish , Japan 's most remote islands , including the disputed Senkaku Islands , as well as Taiwan .
For those Asian countries that recall Japan 's moderate and sensible advancement of regional policies since the 1960 's , there is a growing expectation that Japan should re-think its stance .
Solzhenitsyn himself recently suggested that Russia 's national idea should be based on Ivan Petrovich Shuvalov 's proposal to Empress Elizabeth 250 years ago .
`` Every move , every law should be assessed in terms of whether it helps to preserve the people , '' according to Solzhenitsyn .
From the Middle East to the war on terror and efforts to curtail the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , Russia should be a valuable partner .
Russians should not lose heart ; but unless we understand the reasons for these failures , and make drastic corrections to our foreign policy , we are doomed to continue suffering defeats and losing status and influence , if not worse .
In Europe proper , a union between Russia and the EU should be founded , based on a common economic space , a common energy space -- with cross-ownership of companies that produce , transport , and distribute energy -- and a common human space that would be visa-free and include coordinated Russian and EU international policies .
Emphasis should also be placed on establishing a new system for governing the global economy and finance , whose creation will be even more difficult if the confrontations of the Cold War are not resolved .
Non-Russian Europe should thank the Almighty for the presence of energy-rich Russia at its borders , while Russia should be thankful for having such wealthy customers .
The idea of a `` Union of Europe '' between Russia and the EU should be put on the long-term agenda .
That Union should be based on a common human , economic , and energy space .
Simultaneously , they should offer guarantees to non-nuclear states that might feel insecure .
A modern Asian strategy for Russia -- call it `` Project Siberia '' -- should combine Russian political sovereignty with foreign capital and technologies . Investment should come not only from China , but also from the United States , Japan , South Korea , the ASEAN countries , and the EU , all of which are keen to prevent China 's exclusive dominance east of the Urals .
Russia 's east should become a provider of relatively high value-added goods , rather than just an exporter of timber , oil , ore , and seafood , as is the case now . Such a scenario would reverse the gloomy demographic and economic trends in Russia 's eastern territories , and would strengthen Russia 's geopolitical position in the process .
How should Russia respond ?
Where do its interests lie , and what kinds of policy should its leaders pursue ?
In particular , how should Russia position itself vis-à-vis the incipient rivalry between Europe and the United States ?
A similar bridging role could perhaps be played by Russia with respect to China and India , with which we should establish maximally close relations .
In the context of Iraq , for example , Russia should constructively support the rebuilding effort , even if , as of now , its participation has not been sought .
But while supporting the new Iraqi government , Russia should not break off contacts , if they still exist , with moderate members of the Baath party , many of whom may come back to power .
Should such a possibility arise , Russia should take part in peacemaking and reconstruction operations in Iraq , rather than trying to put a spoke in Washington 's wheel .
Indeed , unlike Kosovo , where we have no serious interests and should withdraw from the peacekeeping efforts , Russia stands both to gain and lose a lot in Iraq .
If , as is likely , increasing the number of permanent Security Council members lacks sufficient support , developed countries should revert to the idea , circulating in foreign policy circles for several years , of establishing a new G-8-based organization -LRB- but including China and India -RRB- to counter new threats to global security .
The father asked , `` Do you think I should take my son back to the US ? '' I said , `` Why ?
There is a growing body of alternative ideas in this area -- including work by the Nobel laureates Joseph Stiglitz and Paul Krugman -- which the IMF and the World Bank should consider .
The most important imprimatur should come from the United Nations , where debate should begin immediately over a resolution authorizing a no-fly zone .
If the Security Council fails to authorize action , those of us determined to protect Libyan civilians will face a more difficult choice should the violence escalate .
Muslim countries in particular should support preparations for intervention if the violence spirals out of control .
It is a tool that we should be ready to use if the situation warrants it , and it would signal to the opposition that it is not alone .
The one option that should not be on the table is US ground troops ; no one wants to see US forces bogged down in another war , especially in another Muslim country .
If it does not , we should make clear that we will lead the free world to avoid the senseless slaughter of any more Libyan citizens by a madman bent on maintaining power .
The US and the world community should also make clear -- as we did in Bosnia and Kosovo -- that we are taking a united stand against a thug who is killing Muslims .
But I have one vote , and I would not determine a certain candidate because the people themselves should choose their candidates based on their own knowledge . ''
Considering the tangled involvement of Iran 's leaders in the economy , the effect of sanctions should not be underestimated .
Indeed , only a military confrontation with the US can bring him back to the center of decision-making . American policymakers should bear that in mind .
The West should learn from the example of Russian President Vladimir Putin , who did not travel to Iran until he was allowed a direct meeting with Khamenei , during which Putin is reported to have made a proposal to end the nuclear stand-off .
But that should n't stop the West from reaching out to him directly , or pressing him to publicly appoint the representatives who negotiate with the West .
To resolve outstanding issues with Iran , the West should be dealing with the only person powerful enough to make deals and deliver concessions . That person is Khamenei , not Ahmedinejad .
Speculation about the outcome of the election is an interesting parlor game . But it should not distract us from the fundamentals of Iranian politics .
Support of human rights and democracy in Iran is not only a matter of morality . It should be a strategic priority for the West .
It emerges from a president 's confidence that , as a popularly elected leader , he should not be constrained by the Supreme Leader 's oversight .
Fortunately , the people of Pakistan -- students , opinion makers , and , above all , lawyers -- are standing up for the judges , doing the work that should have been done by political parties .
As industrial policy returns to the scene in countries around the world , that is a goal that advocates and opponents alike should be happy to embrace .
Perhaps this is something the West should have realized about the Soviet economy all along .
Despite the risk of turmoil , Shevardnadze should be urged to resign .
If he is well briefed for his summit in Moscow and Saint Petersburg , President Bush should discount Donne 's wisdom .
Despite his insistence on rubbing shoulders with world leaders and portraying himself as a modernizer , Putin , like his predecessors , is in fact a ruler who believes that only authoritarian rule can protect his country from anarchy and disintegration .
Next week , they should n't be surprised if they see a mirror of each other , because both men have exemplified the arrogance of power .
So , if Putin is concerned about Russia , he should abandon his czarist notions of power and leave high office , if not politics altogether .
As a trained lawyer , he should in principle understand the importance of the rule of law .
So it was only appropriate that he should become deputy prime minister for social affairs in 2005 , because he had already succeeded in largely bringing these affairs to a halt .
The 2,000-year-old city of Beijing should be transported into hyper-modernity , whereas his father 's 1936 Berlin design was , in his words , `` simply megalomania . ''
Of course , the sins of the father should never be visited on the son .
But now we have returned to an aesthetic of political mesmerization , reflected in the host government 's declared aim that China should win more gold medals than any country before .
So it should be no surprise that Gazprom 's former chairman is now Russia 's president , Dmitry Medvedev , who was replaced by a former KGB general , Valery Golubyev .
Thus , instead of investing in the energy industry -- the lifeblood of the economy -- in order to reverse declining output , the Kremlin is devoting its energy to a presidential commission to `` counteract attempts to falsify history to the detriment of Russia 's interests . '' This means that the state will decide which interpretations of history should be considered `` true , '' creating endless opportunities for manipulation to serve the agenda of those in power .
Yanukovich 's anti-democratic position should come as no surprise .
It is mind-boggling that an unrepentant , twice-convicted violent felon , a man who had sought to steal a presidential election -- and who advocated a violent crackdown on the men and women peacefully protesting against his electoral fraud -- should be a candidate for any office , let alone the presidency of a country of nearly 50 million people .
Yanukovich 's record of violence and disdain for democratic norms is too entrenched to think that , should he win , he will ever allow his position to be challenged again .
To avoid an even worse alternative , the United States and Europe should support the Putin-Medvedev tandem , in the hope that they provide a stable and secure environment for investment .
Medvedev 's statement should end speculation about whether he is running , yet it keeps the suspense alive regarding Putin , whose influence is far greater than that of Russia 's meek president .
Decisions , he said , should be left to business or made locally , not in the Kremlin .
If Western bankers and investors want to buy snake oil , that is their business . But no one should leave such events thinking that anything Medvedev says means that Russia is changing .
So when resettling comfortably in the Kremlin in 2012 , Putin should take a moment to re-read Alexander Pushkin 's The Captain 's Daughter , a novella about the bloody Cossack-led rebellion against Catherine the Great : `` God save us from a Russian revolt , senseless and merciless . ''
Yet our role in international affairs is far less than it could , or should be .
Koreans need to step up , speak out , and do more , and that should start with more generous official development assistance .
This is as it should be .
No woman should have to pay with her life for giving life .
As many as seven million Africans who should be getting treatment for HIV are not . Worldwide , the number is about 10 million .
At a time when we should be scaling up to meet the AIDS challenge , we are dialing back .
In Washington recently , the United Nations rolled out an action plan that should dramatically accelerate progress on maternal and child health , including HIV .
The lesson is that we should not dream of overnight breakthroughs , or allow ourselves to fall into despair in the absence of immediate progress .
Nevertheless , on climate change , poverty , and other issues , the conventional wisdom is that the UN should cede responsibility to the G-20 .
And that is the way it should be .
Some want negotiations on nuclear disarmament ; others want to ban the production of fissile material for weapon purposes ; and still others insist that such a treaty should also cover existing stocks .
Just one or two countries should not be able to block the organization 's work indefinitely .
Prior agreement on the scope or outcome should not be a precondition for talks -- or an excuse to avoid them -- but rather a subject of the negotiations themselves .
With the world focused so intently on advancing disarmament goals , the CD should seize the moment .
When the next American president takes office , voters and elected officials alike should be reassured by studies showing that the US can fight climate change by cutting emissions at low or even no cost , using only existing technologies .
The nuclear powers should actively engage with other states on this issue at the Conference on Disarmament in Geneva , the world 's single multilateral disarmament negotiating forum .
Governments should also invest more in verification research and development .
Second , the Security Council 's permanent members should begin discussions on security issues in the nuclear disarmament process .
Third , some part of our global stimulus should come from commitments that the international community has made on aid .
If we are to spend our way out of the financial crisis , we should be smart about it . And that means that these expenditures must be investments .
Other nations should follow suit .
Aid programs for developing nations should be considered a part of any global stimulus and long-term economic recovery plan .
Investing in maternal health should thus be a high priority .
Policymakers should continue to facilitate the rollout of microfinance programs .
Governments should consider gender quotas at the local level of politics .
Being a woman need not and should not be among the greatest challenges of life .
But it should be clear that the current talks are the last chance for a negotiated settlement on the island . So it is imperative that the transatlantic community recognize that the current talks constitute a historic opportunity .
It is for these reasons that the transatlantic community should invest its time and energy in the ongoing UN-sponsored talks .
It should be no wonder that Turkey is also seeking to engage both ends of its territories and feels that its security is best consolidated by minimizing risks together with its neighbors .
It should be clear to everyone that there is a very strong correlation between economic growth and energy use .
Even though no African countries voiced their support in Vienna for harm reduction , African leaders should take heed of those countries with pragmatic and humane drug policies .
This approach is not only inhumane , but also economically untenable : leaders in these countries should be encouraged to redirect scarce law enforcement , court , and prison resources towards more pressing causes .
If Poland and its neighbors are to chart a new way forward , at least three things must happen . First , these countries should look West for alternative , and more humane , drug policies .
Officials in Central and Eastern Europe should pay heed to recent comments by the UK 's Home Office , which said that `` harm reduction underpins every element of our approach to tackling this complex issue . ''
As is true so often across the continent , the watchword for would-be investors Central Africa 's resource boom should be caveat emptor .
President George W. Bush initially responded to the diplomats ' brief by saying we `` should never execute anybody who is mentally retarded , '' although , as governor of Texas , he had opposed legislation to ban the practice and rejected clemency petitions for retarded convicts .
If he sincerely believes that the mentally retarded should never be executed , he should instruct his Justice Department to file a Supreme Court brief opposing McCarver 's execution , and urge state governors to ban the practice .
But the biggest problem with Hatoyama 's government is that the DPJ took power without a coherent national security policy . This should not have surprised anyone .
But should opposing the LDP really mean undoing 50 years of work on national security ?
That Japan 's dignity is now a central issue should surprise no one .
But this should n't be a threat at all , because the world has ample reserves of these elements .
Vietnam 's emergence as a central player in Asian affairs should not be surprising , for the country was the catalyst of perhaps the key turning point in modern Asian history .
Alternatively , China could shoulder some real responsibility for security in East Asia and close ranks against Kim and his reckless brinksmanship .
That should start with support for a clear condemnation of North Korea by the UN Security Council .
So it should surprise no one that `` containment '' is coming to dominate Asian diplomatic discourse .
Containment , it should be recalled , was organized against a Soviet totalitarian regime that was not only ideologically aggressive and in the process of consolidating its colonization of Eastern Europe -LRB- as well as Japan 's Northern Territories -RRB- , but also deliberately sealed off from the wider world economy .
TOKYO -- When a North Korean dove clutching an olive branch suddenly appears , the world should challenge it to reveal its hidden talons .
This confluence of political need has created an opportunity for all three countries to cooperate more closely in the management of civilian nuclear power , and this opportunity should not be missed .
Two are located within 20 kilometers of the capital , Taipei , and it is generally agreed that there would be no escape for the vast majority of the capital 's citizens should a major nuclear accident occur .
Taiwan should also be allowed to participate in the International Atomic Energy Agency in the area of nuclear safety , just as it became an observer at the World Health Organization during the SARS and avian flu pandemics of the 1990 's .
Perhaps equally important , many people in Asia are also debating whether the region would be able to rebalance itself should the US scale back its military presence .
This lack of clarity may become particularly troublesome should China 's leaders underestimate the enduring quality of America 's Asian commitments .
It makes sense , then , that Japanese companies should head to the expanding Indian market .
India and Japan should , for example , jointly develop new defense capacities .
Bilateral efforts should also be launched to develop other defense technologies .
Osamu Suzuki may not be willing to share all of the secrets of his success with his competitors , but they and Japanese diplomats should be studying the Suzuki method .
An aggressive debater , Kan is often mentioned as a candidate to succeed Hatoyama should he leave his post -- a live possibility , given the prime minister 's plummeting approval ratings and strained relationship with Ichiro Ozawa , the kingpin of Hatoyama 's Democratic Party of Japan -LRB- DPJ -RRB- .
To stop the country 's fiscal rot , Japan must achieve a consensus on the type of social services that national and local governments should offer , for how long , and at what cost .
And it is not just the waters near Japan that should concern Hatoyama , for the Chinese Navy is not only eyeing the Pacific , but also steering toward South Asia , the Indian Ocean , the Middle East , and Africa .
China should , of course , play such a part .
Japan should be seeking to make a difference in securing stability in Asia , not playing sterile political games .
But in August 2008 , the Communist Party Central Committee declared that `` the work of foreign affairs should uphold economic construction at its core . ''
Japan and the rest of Asia should prepare for that day as well .
First , the EU should commit to sending more troops , trainers , and civilians to the Afghan mission , as well as lifting all remaining `` caveats '' on its troops .
In addition , the Commission should reverse the decline in assistance and spend more money though local governments and the PRTs .
In exchange , the US should accept a strategic shift from combat operations to human security .
The appointment of a new UN envoy should prove a more efficient way of coordinating Afghanistan 's international helpmates . And it is to be hoped that whoever is chosen may be able to foster the grand bargain between the US and EU that is so badly needed .
By striking a bargain with the US , the EU should lead the way .
Ideally , such a commission should be independent , but endorsed by the French , German and British governments and EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana , as well as , however tacitly , Senators McCain and Obama .
The key economic-policy goals should be to rationalize public spending , rein in the growth in the money-supply in order to tame inflation , stem capital outflows , and address utility rates and subsidies .
Floating the renmimbi can -- and should -- wait until China 's bank balance sheet problems have been addressed and its monetary system and capital markets become more developed and ready to play a stable role in global finance .
Their discovery should provide a clue to precise knowledge of the strong force .
By observing how these structures change while increasing the distance , it should be possible to follow -- and thus to understand -- the action of the strong force .
The study of these interactions should provide a precise understanding of the strong force .
It is to that positive partnership that Russia should look .
Leftovers from the past - conspiracy theories , mistrust , spy-hunting , and embargoes on technological exchanges - should be consigned to the past .
The competitive fight between Russian industries and businesses around the world for commissions and contracts should have started `` yesterday . ''
To avoid confrontation with America , Russia should call for the creation of a special international committee to deal with all ABM questions , and this committee should be responsible for international cooperation in the field of missile defense .
It should not be confined to the political , diplomatic , and military aspects but should take in business concerns as well .
Pragmatism - not old-fashioned and outlived stereotypes - should form the heart of Russian\/American diplomacy .
Any re-thinking of EU policy toward Russia should recognize that , while Russia will remain a regional power and global player during the next decade , it is unlikely to become a liberal democracy .
The EU should also recognize that Russia has legitimate concerns about the asymmetrical impact of the Cold War 's end on its security .
The EU 's main objective should be to preserve the distinctive character of the European order -- i.e. , the centrality of human rights and the rule of law .
It should seek to prevent the return of spheres-of-influence politics in Eurasia , rather than consolidating or expanding its own sphere of influence .
The EU should focus on the ambiguity at the heart of Russia 's official doctrine of `` sovereign democracy '' and use the fact that the current Russian regime 's domestic legitimacy is based , to a large extent , on the perception that it is striving to bring Russia back into European civilization .
If Russia 's strategy is to erode the EU by focusing on bilateral relations with member states , the EU 's priority should be to institutionalize itself as Russia 's only negotiating partner .
But nor should the EU allow Russia to reduce it to benevolent irrelevance .
Now , one has to ask if Macedonians should want that outcome , given the wasteful and complicated way in which Belgium functions today .
This should change .
So those desiring a stronger integrated EU should be rooting for a French No , knowing full well that some voting No would be doing the right thing for the wrong reasons .
There is no reason whatsoever why the EU should fall into chaos -- and the euro wilt -- now under the Treaty of Nice when it did not do so before .
Just because European governments have failed to put bread on their constituents ' tables does n't mean that the European Central Bank should likewise fail in its job of promoting price stability in the euro zone .
The public should be relieved if the ECB raises rates , because this would most likely signal that the long-awaited economic recovery is well under way , and that inflationary repercussions are being addressed .
But Europeans should temper their criticism with the realization that Europe has similar problems of its own .
The mere existence of a common currency is no guarantee that everyone will agree about what its value should be .
The latest anecdotal evidence from the US indicates that the economy is taking a sharp downward turn , which should become manifest in the coming months .
The ECB should act with greater alacrity not because there are increased prospects for future growth , but for the opposite reason : the fear that European growth will slow , thus limiting the possibility for future rate hikes .
But the recent good economic numbers coming out of France should make an October rate hike easier for French politicians to accept .
The ECB could convincingly argue that Merkel 's reforms and the US , not its interest-rate hikes , are responsible for the European slowdown , should one occur .
Given US President George W. Bush 's extreme unpopularity in Europe , the emergence of an anti-American right should no longer be considered a remote possibility .
Congratulations , not hand-wringing , should be the order of the day .
Europeans might be forgiven for thinking that the Americans , who pumped up oil prices in the first place with their military misadventure in Iraq , should be the ones who `` pump it down '' with an energy tax .
The key question economists should now be asking is why financial markets are `` seizing up '' when banks and other financial institutions are flush with liquidity .
The most important one for central bankers is that they should cut interest rates -- and cut them fast -- to re-assure market participants that turmoil in financial markets will not be allowed to affect the real economy .
By in effect cutting rates from their expected levels , the ECB joined the US Federal Reserve in moving from a policy of indifference to one of reassurance . This should help stabilize financial markets .
The ECB should drop its inflationary bias because the European economy is weakening , and the weaker economy will contain whatever inflationary pressures now exist .
So Europeans should not be tempted to think that they are somehow `` decoupled '' from America 's foibles and woes .
That outcome should moderate Europe 's inflation concerns .
Until then , decoupling arguments , whether applied to relations between Europe and America or Europe 's financial sector and the rest of the economy , should be seen as having a single purpose -- to deny the very real threats to the continued expansion of the European economy .
But ordinary Europeans should not be fooled .
The very existence of decoupling arguments is a warning that they should be concerned about the continuing robustness of Europe 's economy .
Europeans should thank the Chinese currency peg for the part it is playing in this .
They should be grateful , rather than foolishly insist that China take it back .
And why should n't they if things are as good as Trichet claims ?
So he recently toned down his rhetoric by warning that euro-zone inflationary pressures should not be `` over-dramatized . ''
So Trichet should relax , stop threatening others , and let the economic slowdown do the work for him .
In the United States , it should be remembered , the need for a fiscal stimulus developed , so it seems , out of the blue .
Rather than encourage the unions with exaggerated talk of strong European growth and inflationary excess -- and disrespect them with threats and interventions -- Trichet should speak softly and let nature take its course .
Sarkozy 's Société Générale Myopia SAN FRANCISCO &#45; &#45; The French government should be honoring Bank of France Governor Christian Noyer for saving Société Générale from certain bankruptcy in the current rogue trader scandal , not criticizing him , as some high government officials have done .
But should a credible foreign offer for Société Générale appear in the coming weeks - -- and it well might -- another disruptive conflict between the Bank of France and the government may be in the offing .
So , it seems that democracy should not only provide personal satisfaction for politicians but for the people , too .
So liberals should promote dynamic rulers of the sort who ruled in the first Solidarity government .
Many Poles believe that they should not sell their land to foreigners , because Poland 's identity is somehow buried within its poor soil .
Before explaining one of the less known aspects of his teaching , it should be emphasized that one of the comments that is now being heard repeatedly is based either on stupidity or on a lack of understanding of what the Catholic Church is about : the charge that the Pope was and is `` conservative '' is nonsense .
And Kosovo officials should consider that if the impasse continues for much longer , the West 's massive financial support for their state will become increasingly difficult to defend , especially given fiscal austerity at home .
In Hinduism : `` One should not behave towards others in a way which is disagreeable to oneself .
Back then , I was already venturing what is , for economists , a heretical presumption : that chaos theory should be applied to the economy ; that devastating effects can follow from the smallest causes .
So what should this ethical framework entail ? A paragraph of the Declaration toward a Global Ethic of the Parliament of the World 's Religions in Chicago in 1993 reads as follows :
For four compelling reasons , the US and its allies should keep the door open to dialogue until the eleventh hour .
Ahmadinejad may be bobbing and weaving . But his mercurial ways make it plausible that he may find it politically advantageous to strike a serious bargain on the nuclear issue . Just in case , the diplomatic door should remain ajar .
Instead of stating that they understand that Israeli must defend itself , the Bush administration should take an unambiguous stand against Israel 's assassinations and collective punishments , which now include uprooting decades-old olive trees and destroying eight story buildings .
By announcing the acceptance of previous agreements and supporting the Arab peace initiative , the new government should be able to bring economic normalcy to the cash-strapped Palestinian Authority .
Although Palestinians had nothing to do with European anti-Semitism and the Nazi Holocaust , they should not have turned a blind eye to the Jews ' tragedy .
The appointment of George Mitchell , who opposes Israel 's West Bank settlements , and Mitchell 's decision to open an office in Jerusalem , speaks volumes about what the new Israeli government should expect from the Obama administration .
Israelis should not determine the status of the Palestinian entity , nor should Palestinians have a say in what Israelis call their own state .
The only question that Obama should ask Netanyahu is , When will Israel quit the occupied Palestinian territories ?
Attempts at obfuscation -- whether by talking about an `` economic peace , '' or insisting that Arabs recognize the Jewishness of the state of Israel -- should not be allowed to derail the goal of ending the inadmissible occupation .
This cycle has become so bizarre and confusing that Palestinians are not sure whether they should hope for continued tensions with Israel -LRB- which usually means no new settlements -RRB- or for continued negotiations -LRB- which usually provide cover for building settlements -RRB- .
But instead of bashing or seeking to undermine Al Jazeera , politicians should encourage this bastion of free expression , recognizing that Arabs will need to endure a messy process on the way to democracy .
Of course , the public can and should be included through a national referendum in assessing the results once the talks have reached fruition and a comprehensive settlement is reached that both leaders say they can live with .
But , until that happy day arrives , or at least until the two sides have reached the contours of an agreement , direct talks and photo opportunities should be considered counter-productive .
RAMALLAH -- The United States should stop pushing for the resumption of the Palestinian-Israeli peace process .
Another type of help was needed , but deciding what form it should take was complicated .
After gaining Security Council support , the US , Europe , and some Arab countries began doing exactly what should be expected of the international community when a government is preparing to butcher its own citizens : prevent the slaughter .
`` The borders of Israel and Palestine should be based on the 1967 lines with mutually agreed swaps , so that secure and recognized borders are established for both states , '' he said in May .
In 1967 , it should be recalled , Israel occupied the remainder of historic Palestine and other Arab territories following the June War .
Direct talks should concentrate on two parallel tracks .
They should attempt to produce an immediate cessation of violence from both sides while simultaneously focusing on a permanent settlement of our conflict .
Both sides should commit to an end to assassinations , shelling , bombings , and any other form of attacks on the other side 's military targets and citizens .
Neutral foreign observers should be asked to be deployed in major hot spots and be asked to identify anyone on either side who violates any of the agreement 's clauses .
Alongside this effort , vigorous negotiations on a permanent settlement should start immediately .
Ironically , while the majority of Palestinians voted a religious movement into power , only 1 % of those polled said that Hamas 's priority should be to implement Islamic law in Palestine .
Eleven percent of the respondents said that the prisoner issue should be the most important priority for the new government -- nearly twice the number who said that a peace settlement with Israel should be the top priority .
Nevertheless , 62 % of Palestinians said that they believe Hamas should change its position regarding recognition of Israel .
For the time being , and until this will is found , the world should give Hamas time to deal with the daily needs of Palestinians .
In May , he is said to have advised Israeli Prime Minister Yehud Olmert that Israel should hand over the disputed Sheba Farms area on the border with Lebanon and Syria , as well as returning Lebanese prisoners .
They need to work together through negotiations to solve problems that simply can not and should not be solved by brute force .
Above all else , the honest politician willingly shoulders this burden .
Europeans ' common experiences and interests mean that they should have a shared view on global issues .
Shaping a shared vision of the world should start with Europe 's immediate neighborhood .
That does not mean that the planet should ignore climate change .
But this implies that the old divisions should stay in place .
Still , skeptics say that NATO membership is unnecessary , that future membership in the EU should suffice .
If neutrality and EU membership are not viable security options , some say that we should seek guarantees that fall short of NATO membership .
Even if the question of `` whether '' the Baltics should be part of NATO is answered in the affirmative , there remains the question as to `` when '' this should happen .
Some may argue that so controversial an issue should be stripped from NATO 's agenda in these uncertain times .
Why do International Human Rights Conventions stipulate that the law should prohibit speech that supports national , racial , or religious hatred ?
No court should convict someone lightly because of the views he espouses in the public sphere .
As in the Ellwanger case , restrictions on free expression should be defined narrowly .
PARIS -- In difficult economic times like these , one principle should be given the same prominence as the headline-grabbing issues of high deficits and austerity packages .
So , as world leaders convene at the G-20 and other forums in the coming weeks to discuss the economic crisis , stimulus plans , financial regulation , and development , the fight against corruption should remain a full part of the multilateral agenda .
Countries that have not signed the convention should quickly do so .
Financial institutions should also not do business with non-cooperative jurisdictions -- areas that do n't comply with the rules .
Whereas modernization entails a change in belief about the way the material world operates , Westernization entails a change in cosmological beliefs about the way that one should live .
Like China and unlike Japan , India resisted changes in its ancient beliefs about the way the world works -LRB- and should work -RRB- which modernization entails . Instead , like many Islamic countries today , India wrongly believed Gandhi 's doctrine that modernization necessarily means Westernization .
Instead of using them to control bugs , bed nets and drugs to fight the disease should be used .
Now Ukraine 's people may face a similar test after supporters of Viktor Yanukovich threatened to seek autonomy should the rightful winner of the country 's presidential vote , Viktor Yushchenko , actually become president .
But Estonians , Latvians , and Lithuanians are not the only Europeans who should feel this way .
His leadership will be sorely tested in the electoral campaign , and also in his presidency should he triumph .
Several days after the conclusion of the energy agreement , Prime Minister Vladimir Putin suggested at a news conference in Sochi that Ukraine 's national energy company , Naftogaz , should be merged with the state-owned Russian energy giant Gazprom .
Clinton 's trip should signal America 's firm commitment to building an independent and democratic Ukraine , and make clear that the US rejects a European security order based on spheres of influence .
The EU should also be encouraged to be more forthright in agreeing to an Association Agreement and free-trade area .
Changing direction and adjusting policies to the people 's demands should be easy in a regime that concentrates power in the president .
If only one change in the prevailing mindset could be made , it should be to realize that , in the case of fish like cod , big is beautiful .
Studying science should begin with physics , not biology .
Teachers -LRB- including those in mathematics -RRB- should meet regularly to plot the evolution of their courses , their essential coherence , and the inclusion of stories that illustrate how science works .
As summer beckons , we should take a moment to focus on the sun 's dark side .
Until the tanning industry chooses to police itself , customers should eschew the bulbs and pursue the spray : wear an artificial tan .
This preventable disease should be the focus of a comprehensive educational campaign similar to anti-smoking campaigns , which are now bearing fruit in many countries .
Politicians should have the courage to stop fighting an unwinnable war .
If open borders are not politically feasible for now , our leaders should at least create a legal route for people from developing countries to enter and work .
· OECD countries should honor the target of allocating the equivalent of 0.7 % of GDP annually to foreign aid ;
As one of the world 's major trading powers , Japan should be a leading player in the World Trade Organization and in trade policy forums .
What should Japan do ?
The reasons for his inappropriateness for the post are too numerous to mention -- the single word `` Iraq '' should suffice .
As impressive as Europe 's history has been since the Treaty of Rome established the European Economic Community in 1957 , by no means should it be assumed that the EU has become permanent .
They should also seize the moment to liberate themselves from the bitterness that has divided the Atlantic Alliance over the Iraq War , argue Pierre Lellouche and Christoph Bertram .
For their part , EU governments should provide the UN - on whose involvement in Iraq they have long insisted - with the protective force it needs to prepare nation-wide elections in Iraq later in the year , and ask others to join .
With the consent of both the US and Iraq 's new leadership , EU governments should also offer to organize an international conference uniting all those with a stake in Iraqi stability , including Iraq 's neighbors , to work out a strategy and commit resources in order to save Iraq from slipping into protracted turmoil .
France professes to bearing a special responsibility for international order , but so does Germany ; only a few weeks ago , Chancellor Schroeder based his claim to a permanent German seat in the UN Security Council on Germany 's readiness to shoulder such responsibilities .
Whatever the truth in this perception , it is little wonder -- and perhaps fitting -- that a fight about the future of food should form a key battleground in a fight about who we are .
Whereas the European project is founded on the rule of law , Russia believes that when the balance of power changes , the laws should be changed to reflect it .
Rather than attempt to democratize or contain Russia , the Union should settle on the more limited goal of turning Russia into a reliable partner , bound by the rule of law .
At the diplomatic level , Europeans could threaten to deprive Russia of the prestige it draws from participating in G8 and EU-Russia Summits . They should also aim to strengthen democracy and the rule of law in the European neighborhood by tightening relations with countries such as Georgia and Ukraine .
Economic leverage should be applied as well .
Europeans should subject Russian investments in EU markets to greater scrutiny and use competition law to launch investigations into monopolistic practices and money laundering for existing investments .
This probably contributes to a host of health-related problems : 15 % of the workforce complain of headaches , 33 % of backache , 23 % of fatigue , and 23 % of neck and shoulder pains , plus a host of other illnesses , including life-threatening ones .
Wherever the answers are affirmative , an integrated package of organisational changes should be considered .
Russian lawmakers should follow the lead of the ECHR decision and work to create in Russian law and practice alternative mechanisms such as advance directives , powers of attorney , and supported decision-making .
On taking office , Russia 's new president , Dmitry Medvedev , should order an independent review process to help end the country 's pattern of stigmatizing and discriminating against people with disabilities .
Last April , the leader of the UK 's opposition Conservative Party , David Cameron , explained why we should establish a real operational fund for NATO expeditionary missions , with every member state required to contribute .
Why should the few carry the many ?
RIGA -- It should surprise no one that many in Latvia view the sale by France of fully-equipped assault warships to Russia with grave concern .
Consultations are currently a bilateral matter , with no rules governing how they should be conducted -- and no requirement that any final agreement on arms-export decisions be reached .
According to the common position 's provisions , before a member state grants an export license , it should consult with any member state that has previously denied a similar license .
But the common position does not specify the extent to which another member state should be consulted .
Clearer rules for the consultation mechanism need to be elaborated , and arms-exporting EU member states should consult all other member governments that might have concerns , not only those that have previously issued or denied an export license .
Developing a common policy on arms exports to such countries should go hand in hand with the creation of a common and internationally competitive European defense-equipment market .
This means that cooperation with non-EU countries should not be to the detriment of solidarity and common rules within the EU .
Giving the EU a greater role in situations where member states ' views differ should also be considered .
These issues are of concern to all allies , so discussions should not be confined to bilateral agendas .
Some values , long espoused by the Union , should be relatively easy to convey .
So , rather than embarking on a search for a European identity , we should agree on mutual educational objectives to increase the awareness of all Europeans of the `` others '' who are their brethren in Europe .
Only those who are familiar with European history and who engage in discussion with the candidate countries about what Europe is and should be will be able to bridge the gap between different cultures and religions .
Calls for attendance in a foreign school - if possible for at least one year - as part of a future European curriculum should be heard and seriously considered .
But the state can and should organize a good ethical and political education that affords young people the opportunity to interact with others and recognize and accept their equality .
Given that industrial policy broadly refers to any government decision , regulation , or law that encourages ongoing activity or investment in an industry , this should come as no surprise .
The challenge for industrial policy is greater , because it should assist the design of efficient , government-sponsored programs in which the public and private sectors coordinate their efforts to develop new technologies and industries .
If domestic private firms in these sectors are already present , policymakers should identify and remove constraints on those firms ' technological upgrading or on entry by other firms .
In industries where no domestic firms are present , policymakers should aim to attract foreign direct investment from the countries being emulated or organize programs for incubating new firms .
The government should also pay attention to the development by private enterprises of new and competitive products , and support the scaling up of successful private-sector innovations in new industries .
How , then , should today 's Chinese economy be characterized ?
First , all political parties agree that welfare-state arrangements should remain tax-financed , although possibly with a stronger application of insurance principles in the social insurance systems .
Second , there is general agreement that the government should take more active responsibility for environmental issues , although policies in this area increasingly rely on market instruments -LRB- prices for environmental disturbances -RRB- rather than on quantitative regulations
As such , China and other countries are holding a depreciating asset that should be managed to serve domestic interests rather than those of the US .
Chinese policymakers should bear in mind that the value of the yuan is only one among many factors that affects the competitiveness of China 's economy .
If the outcome of the first challenge rests solely on Uribe 's shoulders , two others are tied to the FARC 's reaction to these latest developments -- whether it chooses to negotiate or to continue its armed struggle .
Oil and gas prices are sky high , the United States is overwhelmed by serious problems in Iraq and the Middle East , and the West is divided about how it should deal with Russia .
What will happen should crude strength and hard language prove inadequate to the task of insuring Russian national interests ?
In fact , should events turn out badly , critically-minded and well-informed urban achievers would be most likely to embrace the ultimate form of non-participation : emigration .
Health officials around the world should maintain their vigilance and prepare for the possibility that renewed control efforts will be required if SARS resurges .
Influenza vaccine supplies should be increased so that more individuals are inoculated .
Extra efforts should be made to encourage more people to get a flu shot , including those outside the traditional `` target '' groups , such as elderly people and health care workers .
In the meantime , we should intensify the fight against an older nemesis , influenza , both for its own sake and as a way to prepare for the return of SARS .
In fact , Kirchner should be especially worried by a Democratic victory .
Whoever governs America next should formulate one , lest Latin America 's ideologues and dreamers gain the upper hand .
Yet no one should forget that on July 1 , 2003 , over 500,000 people protested because the government refused to allow more time to discuss proposed national security legislation .
We need to ask ourselves if this should be our first priority .
The rise in the twenty-first century will be worse and should not be trivialized , but the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change estimates that the total cost of adaptation will be around 0.1 % of GDP .
However , three options should be promoted .
Instead , governments and international organizations should support education policies that have been shown to be effective , encourage research and evaluation of other types of education policies and programs , and back non-education policies and programs that improve the quality of life in developing countries .
Subsidized services should be delivered by qualified providers , regardless of their public or private , for-profit or non-profit status .
Being born poor or in a remote village should not consign anybody to the misery of going without decent health care .
But we should hear both sides of any story .
Campaigners and the media claim that we should cut our CO2 emissions to save the polar bear .
I try to put them in perspective and figure out which ones really should concern us , and when we should act on them .
Perhaps surprisingly , not everything of concern should be dealt with immediately .
None of this means we should stop worrying about the future .
One common argument is that governments should protect biodiversity because of its untapped potential for the pharmaceutical industry .
The temptation to build `` white elephants '' should be avoided ; projects should be chosen for their potential to increase productivity and competitiveness .
The goal should be to foster private-sector investment to provide efficient logistics services .
A plan to reduce poverty in Latin America and the Caribbean should go far beyond conditional cash transfers and early childhood interventions in nutrition and education .
Although there is not yet enough evidence to assess the cost-benefit ratios of specific policies , the evidence available suggests that policy-makers should also prioritize improving the provision of education , creating more secure property rights through land reform , promoting microfinance , and improving rural infrastructure .
Above all , policymakers should ensure that fighting poverty remains one of their highest priorities .
These scientists are engaged in excellent , painstaking work that establishes exactly what the world should expect from climate change .
In the run-up to the G8 meeting in Scotland on July 6-8 , British Prime Minister Tony Blair has called on the international community to set the right global priorities , which he has unequivocally stated should be Africa and global warming .
While we should accept his challenge , we should also get our priorities right .
Whenever we prioritize , we not only say where we should do more -LRB- which is good -RRB- but also where we should not increase our efforts -LRB- which is regarded as cynical -RRB- .
So what should be our top global priorities ?
But the Copenhagen Consensus showed us not only what we should be doing , but also what should not be done -- at least not right now .
This does not mean that we should ignore climate change .
Cleaning up two such institutions -- the public sector and the judiciary -- should be a priority for many governments in the region .
This reform should be packaged with a careful evaluation of the regulatory climate for business , designed to eliminate or streamline the rules .
All countries , for example , should adopt quotas requiring that no more than half of parties ' legislative candidates in each district be of the same sex .
In closed-list systems , the candidate lists should be zippered : male , female , male , female -LRB- or vice versa -RRB- .
In open-list systems , a 50 % quota should be adopted .
But if these countries replace their open lists with closed lists , the percentage of women elected should , all else remaining equal , increase by around 10 % .
One way to enforce the rules may be to say that parties that do not comply with the legislation in a district should not be able to run candidates there .
We should probably worry a lot more than we do about demographic changes that will cause a dramatic decline in the potential labor force in rich countries , and a rise in those relying on pensions and health care .
There is no harm in worrying about the planet . But we should be sure to look at the full picture , so that we know what to worry about first .
Environmental campaigners vilified America for resisting European Union pressure to pre-commit to specific temperature targets -- namely , that global warming should be limited to no more than 2 ° C -LRB- 3.6 ° F -RRB- above pre-industrial temperatures .
Deciding how much we should let temperatures rise is like working out how many people should die in traffic accidents by adjusting the speed limit .
Ideally , the number should be zero .
It has been widely reported that the UN 's climate change panel -LRB- the IPCC -RRB- tells us that science shows that industrial countries ' emissions should be reduced by 25-40 % by 2020 .
If we look at the reference in the Bali footnote , the IPCC clearly says that emissions should be reduced 25-40 % if you choose the low EU target but 0-25 % or less if you choose a higher target .
Instead , we should look for smarter policy options , like aiming to ensure that alternative energy technologies at reasonable prices will be available within the next 20-40 years .
Often , there is a strong sentiment that we should do anything required to ameliorate a situation .
Deciding what level of temperature change we should aim for -- and how to achieve it -- is a discussion that should engage all of us .
Consider the recent `` lights out '' campaign that supposedly should energize the world about the problems of climate change by urging citizens in 27 big cities to turn out their lights for an hour .
Curiously , nobody suggested that the `` lights out '' campaign should also mean no air conditioning , telephones , Internet , movies , hot food , warm coffee , or cold drinks -- not to mention the loss of security when street lights and traffic signals do n't work .
So , should we halve malaria while dramatically increasing the possibility of solving global warming in the medium term ?
Or should we make a pledge that does 2,000 times less good and barely alters the global climate ?
But this , not carbon emissions , should be the core of their climate change policy .
Many governments and most campaigners meeting in Montreal now through December 9 tell us that dealing with global warming should be our first priority .
So we have to ask the hard question : if we ca n't do it all , what should we do first ?
Instead , we should be concentrating on investments in making energy without CO2 emissions viable for our descendants .
The parties in Montreal should rule out more Kyoto-style immediate cuts , which would be prohibitively expensive , do little good , and cause many nations to abandon the entire process .
Rather , they should suggest a treaty binding every nation to spend , say , 0.1 % of GDP on research and development of non-carbon-emitting energy technologies .
Rather than investing hundreds of billions of dollars in short-term , ineffective cuts in CO2 emissions , we should be investing tens of billions in research , leaving our children and grandchildren with cheaper and cleaner energy .
Increasingly , alarmists claim that we should not be allowed to hear such facts .
In June , Hansen proclaimed that people who spread `` disinformation '' about global warming -- CEOs , politicians , in fact anyone who does n't follow Hansen 's narrow definition of the `` truth '' -- should literally be tried for crimes against humanity .
Canada 's top environmentalist , David Suzuki , stated earlier this year that politicians `` complicit in climate change '' should be thrown in jail .
This is a respectable sum , and certainly a benefit that the international community should try to achieve .
Many argue that we should act , even if such action will have no benefit for the next decades , because it will help lessen the impact of global warming by the century 's end .
Whereas energy in terms of temperature can disappear relatively easily from the light atmosphere , it is unclear where the heat from global warming should have gone -- and certainly this is again much better than expected .
Given that fossil fuels contribute to global warming , standard economic theory suggests we should tax them according to their cumulative negative effects .
It is rather obvious that if you invest massively in inefficient solar panels , most of your money will go to buy the physical panels , whereas only a very small part will go to R&D . If you want more R&D , you should spend your money directly on R&D . This could tackle global warming in the longer run .
Moreover , if we really want to tackle global warming , we should n't spend vast sums of money buying inefficient green technology -- we should invest directly in R&D to make future green technology competitive .
Obama should seize the initiative and make the meeting in Copenhagen next year not about bloated subsidies for inefficient technologies , but about lean investments in future breakthroughs .
These should have included stricter building codes , smarter evacuation policies , and better preservation of wetlands -LRB- which could have reduced the ferociousness of the hurricane -RRB- .
Perhaps these types of preventive actions should be Obama 's priority .
Arguably , this should be among Obama 's top priorities .
Global warming should be tackled , but smartly through research and development of low-carbon alternatives .
His Kenyan sister Auma chides him for behaving like a neo-colonialist . `` Why should all that land be set aside for tourists when it could be used for farming ?
Instead of ineffective and costly cuts , we should focus much more of our good climate intentions on dramatic increases in R&D for zero-carbon energy , which would fix the climate towards mid-century at low cost .
Some believe Obama should follow the lead of the European Union , which has committed itself to the ambitious goal of cutting carbon emissions by 20 % below 1990 levels within 12 years by using renewable energy .
We need to accept that much of the world 's cheap coal will be burned -- but we should focus on capturing the CO2 .
Every nation should ideally commit to spending 0.05 % of GDP exploring non-carbon-emitting energy technologies .
So who should be helped first ?
They will repeat the same exercise that some of the world 's best economists tackled in a 2004 project called the `` Copenhagen Consensus '' : weighing up solutions to the great challenges facing the world , and deciding what should be done first .
But the question should n't be left to politicians or Nobel laureates alone .
Fortunately , we have a much better option , with a much better chance of success : we should make low-carbon energy sources like solar power become a real , competitive alternative to old energy sources , instead of the preserve of rich people who want to feel `` greener . ''
We should therefore invest on an effective scale in inventing new technology .
Every country should agree to spend 0.05 % of its GDP on low-carbon energy R&D . The total global cost would be 15 times higher than current spending on alternative energy research , yet six times lower than the cost of Kyoto .
Hansen argues that , `` the first action that people should take is to use the democratic process .
Less well-known pundits make similar points , suggesting that people with `` incorrect '' views on global warming should face Nuremburg-style trials or be tried for crimes against humanity .
Gore and others often argue that if the science of climate change concludes that CO2 emissions are harmful , it follows that we should stop those harmful emissions -- and that we are morally obliged to do so .
We could just as well point out that since science tells us that speeding cars kill many people , we should cut speed limits to almost nothing . We do no such thing , because we recognize that the costs of high-speed cars must be weighed against the benefits of a mobile society .
Everybody involved in this discussion should spend more time building and acknowledging good arguments , and less time telling others what they can not say .
Or should we just adapt to a warmer world ?
If we care most about avoiding warmer temperatures , it seems that we should be elated that this simple , cost-effective approach shows so much promise .
Beyond the Carbon Crusade COPENHAGEN -- At its heart , much of the debate over climate change deals with just one divisive and vexing question : How big should cuts in carbon emissions be ?
We should be open to other ways to stop warming -- such as cutting carbon emissions in the future instead of now , or focusing on reducing emissions of other greenhouse gases .
According to the conventional wisdom of many environmental campaigners , we should first do everything we can to mitigate global warming , and only then focus on adaptation strategies .
Policymakers should abandon fraught carbon-reduction negotiations , and instead make agreements to invest in research and development to get this technology to the level where it needs to be .
Today 's politicians focus narrowly on how high a carbon tax should be to stop people from using fossil fuels .
Over time , they argue , the tax should be allowed to rise slowly to encourage the deployment of effective , affordable technology alternatives .
Even if one approaches this technology with concerns -- as many of us do -- we should aim to identify its limitations and risks sooner rather than later .
The Hartwell group correctly notes that in order to be successful , our approach to climate policy should offer obvious advantages -LRB- `` rapid and demonstrable pay-back '' -RRB- , appeal to a wide variety of people , and produce measurable results . The Kyoto approach , of course , does none of these things .
If my experience is any guide , the members of the Hartwell group should expect to be attacked as heretics for questioning the Kyoto orthodoxy .
The point is n't that we can or should ignore global warming .
The point is that we should be wary of hyperbolic predictions .
There is an understandable desire to want to cut through the verbiage and shake people by the shoulders .
When Nobel Laureate economists weighed up how to achieve the most good for the world in a recent project called the Copenhagen Consensus , they found that focusing on HIV\/AIDS , malaria , malnutrition , and trade barriers should all be tackled long before we commit to any dramatic action on climate change .
All subsidies should be transparent , and public\/private bad banks are not .
The public should be in no doubt about this , for their trust is essential .
Micro-Europe STOCKHOLM -- With the United States crippled by Wall Street 's collapse , this should be Europe 's moment .
We should expand the European single market in order to boost growth and avoid new divisions .
Common rules to eliminate cross-border tax evasion , and thus erase this perception , should become a priority .
Participation in a common financial market should not be allowed for free riders who refuse to share information .
Cooperation with havens like Liechtenstein or Monaco should be ruled out unless they accept that within the common market all citizens must pay taxes where they live , according to the rules of that country .
Why should they not fully embrace efficient resource allocation ?
No one should be surprised the latest anti-tank missiles can penetrate even the heaviest and best protected of battle tanks .
African governments should give priority to investments in technical education and HIV\/AIDS prevention , treatment , care , and support programs .
African leaders should govern and serve for the benefit of the people , not themselves .
To determine what should be done with this windfall , it is important to know whether the increase in commodity prices is likely to be permanent or transitory .
It is to be hoped that Barack Obama , should he win America 's presidency , will recall the tolerant Indonesia where he grew up and shape policies toward it accordingly .
At a time of global crisis , the world should celebrate this new burst of energy .
But the significance should not be missed .
Similarly , the West should find ways to re-engage with Iranian society , a major obstacle to which is the absence of diplomatic relations between the United States and Iran .
In engaging Iran , the West should ignore the nature of its regime .
These divisions will allow new forces to emerge in Iranian society . So all means should be found to reach out to Iranian society at all levels .
Iranian students should be encouraged to visit and study in Asian universities , where they would discover how confident young Chinese and Indian students are about the future ? which might well cause them to reflect on why young Iranians do not share that optimism .
Given Asia 's growing influence , the world should pay attention -- and may have much to gain .
Health : Asia 's experience in dealing with SARS , bird flu , H1N1 , and other diseases should be studied carefully -- for both positive and negative lessons -- with a view to developing a new global consensus on handling pandemics .
China , in particular , should weigh carefully the long-term political price of celebrating its supposed victory over Japan .
In fact , China should hope that no such apology is forthcoming .
While the world frets about North Korean and Iranian nuclear weapons , it is useful to remind ourselves that Japan , should it choose , could become a nuclear power in a matter of weeks .
Israel 's recent falling out with its best friend in the Islamic world , Turkey , should have provided its leaders a premonition of the new world that is coming .
The conflict between the two visions of reform should not obscure the fact that there is a general consensus in Egypt : substantial reform of some kind is necessary and long overdue .
Tailored solutions are required -- what works in one city might not work in others -- but , because problems arising from weak or absent coordination are widespread , emerging markets should consider governance models that vest accountability for urban health outcomes -- together with the authority to shape them -- in city governments .
So emerging markets should collaborate to develop health-knowledge networks aimed at facilitating mutual learning .
To overcome this challenge , emerging-market governments should consider radical reforms in education and training in urban public health and health care .
How should we interpret this `` Yes '' vote by the Chechen population ?
President Putin might easily replace him with someone deemed more reliable or better suited to challenge Maskhadov , should he run .
At the UN Conference on Environment and Development in Rio de Janeiro it was agreed that , `` efforts should be undertaken towards the greening of the world . ''
How , then , should the US adapt what it does abroad to minimize the damage to global security caused by its straitened circumstances ?
Moreover , such projects make a far smaller contribution to US and global security and well-being than do other American foreign policies -- policies that the US should make every effort to continue .
Somalia , Haiti , Bosnia , Kosovo , Afghanistan , and even Iraq qualify as rabbits -- distractions from what should be the focus of US foreign policy .
But perhaps we should hear again the words of one of Raskolnikov 's interlocutors when he speaks about the `` disgusting Sodome '' in which he wanders and says that poverty is not a vice , but misery .
Residual traces of totalitarian thinking can also be found in the hostility to former dissidents like Adam Michnik or Václav Havel , both of whom argued that the new democracies should not exploit resentments or seek revenge , as the totalitarian state did , but instead build a new national consensus to structure and empower a genuine civil society .
I do n't agree with those who say we should not be interested in the dark episodes in the life of a great writer .
We should be interested not for prosecutorial purposes , but in order to gain a more profound understanding of a bloody , demagogical , and tyrannical Utopia -- and of human weakness and vulnerability . We may even consider it a rewarding testament to an artist 's ability to overcome his past mistakes and still produce priceless work .
In the notorious Walser Debate of 1998 in Germany about the `` unbearable '' way Germans had been portrayed after the Holocaust , I proposed that every country should complement its monuments of heroism with monuments of shame to recall the wrong done to other countries , other peoples , and also to its own people .
Some years ago , I proposed that every country should add to its monuments to heroism some monuments to its national shame .
Imported books are thought to be too `` complicated , '' which is another way of saying that literature should deal with simple issues in a simple way , obeying the rules of the mass market , with its tricks of packaging , accessibility , advertisement , and comfort .
Today 's crisis calls for every thinking Pakistani to ask serious questions of themselves : What should be the idea of Pakistan ?
Many have argued that Indian women should stand up to their families and refuse to abort their daughters .
The novelist Salman Rushdie once put the question to supporters of abortion rights : `` What should be done when a woman uses her power over her own body to discriminate against female fetuses ? ''
An interrogation , we were instructed , should begin with polite , direct questioning , because a certain number of detainees simply want to unburden themselves .
The next steps in implementation should include consideration of the proposals on international transport by the International Civil Aviation Organization , the International Air Transport Association and the International maritime Organization , with the multilateral development banks working on proposals for new green funds and enhanced collaboration with the private sector .
First and foremost , mayors should be mobilized as mediators , because they are on the front line in implementing urban policy .
Although these policies must be implemented at a local level , they should be catalyzed and supported by European institutions .
A few months earlier , the veteran Boston financier Henry Lee Higginson had sketched in a letter to President Woodrow Wilson what America 's new strategy should be . `` This is our chance to take first place , '' he wrote .
Third , serious consideration should be given to introducing a second referee , with each given responsibility for one half of the huge playing field .
Nor should it be .
As far back as 1873 , in his classic book on central banking , Lombard Street , Walter Bagehot noted that central banks should be able to prevent financial panics by injecting liquidity into the economy .
In case of panic , a good policy should help banks that have enough assets to cover their deposits but that ca n't pay all depositors at the same time because some assets are tied up in real estate or other long-term investments .
If it declares bankruptcy and refuses to buy back its assets , bankruptcy laws should give the central bank the first claim on the bank 's assets .
But neither depositors nor their banks should be given a free ride .
Excessive external imbalances , they also argue , should be monitored and perhaps fought in a coordinated way .
Moreover , it should not be taken for granted that higher prices and wages in Germany will reduce the country 's trade surplus .
If anything , EU institutions should be looking at intra-eurozone accounts .
In that case , policymakers should focus on improving productivity , rather than on price reductions alone .
Conversely , should the DPJ gain a simple majority , its inexperienced government will immediately have to cope with the same intractable policy issues that the LDP failed to confront .
Only when that happens will Japan be ready to play the responsible international leadership role that the world 's second largest economy should play .
Second , we could opt to expose our information to a form of digital `` rusting , '' so that it slowly erodes -LRB- and we would need to take proactive steps should we ever wish to recover some of it -RRB- .
But as long as poorer member states grow faster than their richer counterparts , one should not be overly concerned about temporary increases in intra-national disparities .
Ideally , the US should deal with a South Atlantic Treaty Organization , consisting of African states that are allied against terrorism , rather than cutting bilateral deals with individual African countries .
This should be followed by a determined strategy to end Africa 's position as the `` ghetto continent , '' one used by the industrialised countries -- in collusion with most African rulers -- as a dumping ground for obsolete products .
So the AU should set criteria and create a surveillance system for democratic elections across Africa .
Suitable control systems should be put in place to stop and correct any failure to meet the established rules by any means necessary , including suspension of membership or exclusion of culprit countries .
Here the AU should look to Europe , which began its process of unification with a mere six highly committed members .
The role of the AU should extend to cultivating ways to involve the private sector in restructuring both Africa 's economy and its politics .
This is not a call for total protectionism ; the AU 's members should compete fiercely between themselves during this stage .
Across Africa , almost all governments praise -- some honestly , some not -- economic modernization as the cornerstone of prosperity and the yardstick by which their effectiveness should be measured . Many boast of the modernity of the financial infrastructure of their economies , which is based on an entire set of legal , regulatory , accounting , credit reporting , and payment and settlement systems .
For much of Africa , this turn of events should mark a decisive break with endemic poverty .
At this stage of their economic development , with its focus on commodity exports , the priority for Africa 's countries should be long-term economic integration , not currency union .
By 2050 , the combined GDP of the largest 11 African economies should reach more than $ 13 trillion , surpassing Brazil and Russia -LRB- but not China or India -RRB- .
But it should have been obvious from the outset that the IMF\/World Bank strategy was doomed to fail .
The AU should seek legal advice , have the issue included on the agenda of the UN General Assembly , advocate the freezing of international debt payments while arbitration proceedings are taking place and secure the support of the international community , especially NGOs that have a track record in raising awareness about Africa 's debts .
Any compensation retrieved from such legal proceedings should be used to establish an African monetary fund whose objective would be to put Africa on a fast track to comprehensive regional integration , enabling the continent to capitalize on globalization 's positive features .
However , set against the alternative of relying on handouts punctuated by desperation and frequent episodes of collective self-destruction , Africa should choose the legal option to rally its people and rescue its development process .
First , African leaders , who should repudiate these debts , are the ones who contracted them in the first place , with the obvious aim of enriching themselves .
Private firms that have acquired public assets should be induced , through legislation , to recapitalize these companies .
New shares should be earmarked for residents to encourage the repatriation of private capital .
But , in addition to the trade distortions that Blair has promised to address , he and other Western leaders should put an end to scandalous `` round-tipping '' or `` back-to-back '' loans and return the funds embezzled by African leaders and their Western friends .
Overcoming Africa 's North-South Divide The late President Mobutu Sese Seko of former Zaire once declared that the North African countries , which pride themselves on their Arabic descent , should be excluded from the then Organization of African Unity .
Why then , should sub-Saharan black Africans keep alive the mirage of a union with the North African countries ?
Inspired leadership is crucial to any process of nation building , and Africans should look to figures such as Bolivar , Martin Luther King , Jr. , Georges Padmore , W.E.B. Dubois , Kwame Nkrumah , and Cheikh Anta Diop to mount a resistance movement against their mostly corrupt and incompetent leaders -LRB- a Herculean task , indeed -RRB- .
As a result , any country formulating strategies to counter the destructive forces of globalization should give overriding priority to a self-centred economic development strategy , preferably within a regional framework .
Undoubtedly , much of the current situation will be best understood with the benefit of time , but five lessons are already coming into focus , and we should consider their implications for the choices policymakers will make in the future .
Fourth , governments and the IFIs can not solve this crisis alone , and they can not and should not crowd out the private sector .
Member states set this deadline themselves , so it should be more than enough time .
After that , there should be no excuses .
This is an important achievement , but it should not be taken as a signal to relax .
On the contrary , we should ask whether the time has not come to set even more stringent targets .
Nor should good overall results be permitted to mask problems in particular areas -- public procurement , for example , which accounts for between 15 % and 20 % of Europe 's GDP .
But member states should know by now that I am not a soft touch .
A modern single market should reflect modern needs , and we should concentrate our efforts where they can have most effect .
We need to accept that not everything can be run from the center , which means more trust and more partnership , but also more willingness to shoulder responsibility further down the line .
Interbank lending rates are slowly coming down , but they are still far higher than they should be , share prices continue to be volatile , and conditions in global markets remain fragile .
Ideally , we should get international agreement on such a revised regime , and I will be pushing for it .
This issue aside , I have never been persuaded that capital requirements on trading books should be materially lower than for those on banking books .
Two serious conclusions follow from all this : first , any change to the voting rules of the ECB 's Governing Council should minimize the potential for regional bias , which can only grow with expansion eastward .
Second , reformers should not presume that officials at the ECB 's Frankfurt headquarters are less likely to show bias than officials from national central banks .
This may help , it but wo n't address the real issue : how could regulators have allowed this problem to recur after so much bitter experience , and why should they now be allowed to investigate themselves ?
If and when this crisis is ever properly investigated , it will not so much open a can of pharmacological worms , as expose questions about what medicine is and should be .
The legacy of dead dictators from vanquished totalitarian regimes should no longer be ambivalent .
Women should be able to aspire to top jobs without squandering their fertility , and their success would encourage women in lower-ranking positions , because female managers tend to implement more gender-conscious hiring policies and serve as strong role models .
Norway has set an excellent example -- one that all of Europe should follow as the best way to transcend the culture of gender bias and stereotyping that is still prevalent in many companies and institutions .
Policy measures that cultivate traditional role patterns should be abolished . Instead , one must promote the economic empowerment of women to help generate economic growth .
So it should not come as a surprise that employers do n't take women seriously .
So it should be no surprise that most of these wounded girls and women keep silent .
Rape and other forms of sexual violence against women should be openly discussed by governments , members of parliament , militia leaders , and opinion leaders .
There should be a monument to the Unknown Raped Woman at the ICC .
As with any creditor who makes an unwise investment , the banks and pension funds should pay the price .
Asked during an interview in September 2007 whether European governments should liberalize their countries ' labor codes , former United States Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan responded that Europe 's labor-protection laws significantly inhibited economic performance and resulted in chronically high unemployment across the continent .
Social protections should be framed in laws enacted by democratically elected legislators , who are well placed to weigh the costs and benefits for their constituents .
The most ardent advocate of expanded health care rights should agree that the forum for that advocacy is the Parliament , not the European Court of Justice .
Natural monopolies are sometimes economically desirable , and it is legislators , not judges , who should decide whether and when they are to be permitted .
`` Social rights '' should not become mandates for judges ; they should remain a guide to legislators .
If a political compromise is needed , `` competition '' should be removed as a fundamental Union objective .
This material incentive is in clear breach of the principle that organs should be distributed according to need only .
Such arrangements , which should be described as government-sponsored commercialism , are considered unacceptable by all relevant international declarations .
Organ transplantation , like mosquito repellent , should be used sparingly , and only when there is no other choice .
None of this should be surprising .
It is now in the final stages of its long and difficult birth , and by the New Year should be bringing new mechanisms to bear to streamline European decision-making .
The real argument now taking place between Europe 's national governments is about the authority that the EU 's president should have .
Yet it is almost certainly the sort of forecast of which they should beware .
The answer is not for China to step up its public-relations effort . Instead , it should be revealing its weaknesses and vulnerabilities to gain Western understanding .
These issues require attention now , and an integral part of the EU 's search for new global strategies should be to invite , rather than avoid , criticism of its activities .
Reassured by this groundswell of support , the Eurocrats should be fostering a much more pluralistic approach to EU policymaking and debate .
The Commission should be organizing public debates that give equal prominence to dissenting views .
At the heart of this process is the even touchier issue of whether the people who will take charge of the EU 's main institutions should be strong leaders .
First , there 's the question of whether the European Commission 's current president , former Portuguese Prime Minister Jose Manuel Barroso , should get another five-year term .
At first glance , much of Europe 's current debate is about political and economic integration -- about how far its nation states should go in pooling resources and sovereign powers in the European Union .
If he is to reassure EU national leaders that they should re-appoint him , then he needs to signal that his second term can hold out fresh promise .
The Commission 's eurocrats should dust-off their files from 30 years ago and recall how their predecessors handled the steel crisis that then threatened to provoke an intra-European trade war .
The important point is that Europe should be seen to have set out a common framework for addressing the slowdown .
Rather than tinkering , perhaps the EU should boldly create an American-style bicameral system by turning the parliament into a House of Representatives and electing a Senate to replace the Council of Ministers , with two senators per member state .
Abiding by European rules should go without saying , even if that means adopting unpopular austerity measures at home .
That is an outcome that no true European believer in France and Germany should be prepared to countenance .
No senior American or European leader should visit the region without raising human rights and defending individuals fighting for democracy .
Support should be raised tenfold or even more to make a real impact .
The EU should increase its democracy promotion efforts to at least ¤ 500 million a year .
This money should be administered at arms-length from government to ensure that it is not constrained by diplomatic pressures .
As well as working at a grass roots level , policies on trade and aid should be used to encourage governments to reform and enlarge the space for legitimate political action .
Countries that make progress on democracy and good governance should be rewarded ; privileges should be withdrawn from those that do not .
The Europeans should appoint a Commissioner for Democracy and Human Rights Promotion .
Both sides have much to offer , so we should pool the best proposals available and begin implementing them together .
When Chancellor Schröder travels to Moscow for the Red Square celebrations , he should bear in mind Nazi Germany 's contribution to the Baltic tragedy .
First , when reforming their own domestic regulatory frameworks , they should avoid dramatic swings away from allegedly rational markets to allegedly rational governments .
Rather , they should improve the quality of regulation , along with enforcement and monitoring .
Second , OECD countries should keep their markets open , and open those that are closed -- in agriculture -LRB- crucial to the sustained growth of emerging economies like Argentina , Brazil , and Indonesia -RRB- or in services -LRB- crucial for countries like India or Korea -RRB- .
First , how much conventional war-fighting capability should the US military retain ?
Third , how much should the US continue to invest in advanced , high-tech weapons more appropriate for conventional enemies than for fighting terrorists or insurgents ?
It should be remembered that America and its allies , faced with strategic fears of a similar type during the Cold War , also supported repugnant and oppressive regimes in places like Zaire , Chile , and Indonesia .
Five principles should guide their thinking .
The G-20 can also play a stronger role in enhancing the skills of regulators in a globally interconnected environment , and should develop a mutually agreed regulatory framework for evolving financial markets .
Asian states should also strengthen Asia-Pacific regional structures like APEC and the ASEAN Regional Forum in order to ensure stronger collaboration on issues of regional and global concern .
To foster accountability in the near term , the international community should call on the next Afghan administration to establish its own goals for good governance and lay out benchmarks to measure progress .
If the international community believes that these goals are correct , assistance should continue to be provided as long as the benchmarks are being met .
In retrospect , it is astonishing that there should have been any doubt .
How odd that it should be that slab , that word , that evening .
This is a misrepresentation of how gene transfer would alter humans , both therapeutically and non-therapeutically , should it ever be legalized .
Policies concerning gene doping should not rely solely on the interests and infrastructures of sports organizations .
As has been made clear from the ethical debates on stem-cell research , a global policy can not easily be adopted or enforced , nor should it be .
Those who fear that gene doping heralds the `` end of sports '' should instead recognize this moment as an opportunity to ask critical and difficult questions about the effectiveness and validity of anti-doping tests .
They should begin by imagining what would happen if the child of a genetically modified human wanted to become an elite athlete .
We look at almost a hundred indicators and define governance in a new way -- as the public goods and services that should be provided to citizens .
But the argument should not be about whether to provide aid -- no one can question the many successes that aid has brought , or its importance in providing a safety net for those who would otherwise be left to suffer .
The argument should instead be focused on how to get the most effective results out of aid , both for the recipients and for a donor country 's tax-payers . Aid , I believe , is best focused on infrastructure -- the bridges , roads , Internet cables , and power stations that will help our economies to grow and allow us to trade more easily with each other .
Accompanying this should be a focus on the `` software '' of development -- health and education .
But those problems should not be allowed to obscure the continent 's many success stories -- much less to be defined as Africa 's alone .
Europe should go beyond defining its relationship with Ukraine as a neighbor : it should clearly state that Ukraine has a realistic chance of entry into NATO and the EU .
More generally , discussions about the future of Europe should be permeated by a spirit of solidarity with respect to the states and nations that are not yet members and whose membership is not envisioned in the near future .
But this should not make us lose sight of other challenges . One of the most important is the fate of Ukraine , and the need to strengthen liberty and democracy there .
Institutions which should protect the law are becoming tools in the hands of the rulers , and we are witnessing serious accusations that they are being abused . '' This declaration was accompanied by a dramatic appeal to `` cleanse Polish politics of dirt , fury , and hatred . ''
The second , directed to western public opinion , was that we should not play with outmoded stereotypes .
One should not blame anyone today for such behavior . But it is surprising when these people accuse participants in the Prague Spring and the democratic opposition of links with communism .
If supervisors behave as they should , large residual losses from bank failures become unlikely .
If a bank can not be recapitalized , it should be resolved and liquidated .
But it should have been disbursed directly in cash to the most needy Russians : pensioners whose earnings plummeted due to inflation and economic contraction .
Job placement would remain a problem , but the principle is sound : the world should learn from its most popular sport .
Global income redistribution by the rich countries should be viewed as a matter not of charity , but of enlightened self-interest .
The UN and its secretary-general should be held accountable for this human rights catastrophe .
Regulators and public-health authorities should be beating down doors and demanding life-saving products like lactoferrin and lysozyme .
Although the use of big-ticket equipment , expensive chemotherapy drugs , and sophisticated and complex procedures such as bone marrow transplantation would not be wise , this is not to say that we should give up entirely on cancer treatment in developing countries .
Studies that show an association between a factor and a health effect should be regarded as no more than a preliminary result that points researchers toward further research and analysis .
But even professional regulators , who should know better , sometimes get sidetracked by this sort of misapprehension , and overreact .
If you or a loved one has taken -LRB- or is taking -RRB- human growth hormone under a physician 's supervision , you should n't lose sleep over it .
There is absolutely nothing about Golden Rice that should require endless case-by-case reviews and bureaucratic dithering .
Put another way , government regulation of field research with plants should focus on the traits that may be related to risk -- invasiveness , weediness , toxicity , and so forth -- rather than on whether one or another technique of genetic manipulation was used .
First , governments should re-evaluate the voluminous data on DDT that have been compiled since the 1970 's , and they should make DDT available immediately for mosquito control indoors .
Second , governments should oppose international restrictions on DDT and withhold all funding from UN agencies that oppose the use of the `` best available technology '' -LRB- including DDT -RRB- to control mosquito-borne diseases .
Third , public-health officials should embark on a campaign to educate local authorities and citizens about the DDT .
Yet , despite all the good news , Brazilians should be worried , because the good times will last only if Brazil addresses a host of mounting economic-policy challenges .
Finally , Brazil 's policymakers should aim to remove , or at least significantly reduce , existing tax obstacles to efficiency and competitiveness .
First , Brazil should adopt a medium-term fiscal framework that targets a gradually declining path for public debt , including a commitment to adjusting the target for the primary budget surplus accordingly .
On the revenue front , Brazil should replace the current state-level value-added tax -LRB- VAT -RRB- , which is riddled with major distortions , and the federal cascading turnover taxes with a modern dual -LRB- federal and state -RRB- consumption-type VAT , with a common base and a very small number of rates .
It should also gradually reduce the plethora of payroll levies that currently add about 50 % on average to labor costs , hindering competitiveness and creating a significant incentive to informal employment .
More fundamentally , however , Chinese doctors who use traditional medicine argue that outcome measures of acupuncture as a treatment for stroke should be different from conventional measures used in Western trials , because the theory of acupuncture is different .
But no one has yet specified what the appropriate outcome measures for acupuncture should be .
The -LRB- economically -RRB- developed West should consider importing that lesson .
The dramatic weakening of the US dollar may help America to narrow its massive trade deficit , but we should not expect any sustained improvement without drastic changes in American management .
No one should include Switzerland among these , for the Swiss government has already offered to improve international cooperation by adopting the OECD 's standard on international administrative assistance on tax issues .
Citizens in a democracy would never allow their government to have an automatic right of forced entry into their homes on the off-chance of finding stolen goods , so why should the state have an automatic right of forced entry into bank accounts on the off-chance of finding a few tax evaders or criminals ?
Following this commitment , improper criticism of Switzerland and its legal system , and also various threats to put Switzerland on a so-called `` black list , '' should end .
Critics should study the Swiss model with a view to improving things in their own countries .
Attacks on Switzerland should be seen and analyzed from this perspective .
The religious Islamic component in Iraqi social life should not be underestimated . But it also should not be equated with the political Islamism that strives to capitalize on it .
There was some increase in the number of Shiites who thought that there should be a strong religious element in national laws , the majority still opposed this .
Chinese elites are convinced that time is working in their favor , and that it is only natural that China should regain its rank amongst the world leading powers , perhaps even emerging on top one day .
Of course , one should not `` bury '' the US too soon . America is much more resilient than its critics believe .
But this resilience should not hide a deeper evolution .
Above all , each analogy , if taken seriously , should lead to a specific course of action , and this is far from being the case today .
So why should they take unnecessary risks ?
Torn between Europe and Asia in cultural and political terms , victimized by a dark , narcissistic instinct that pervades their reading of their past and their visions of the future , it should surprise no one that Russia is now behaving like a `` revisionist '' power .
Unsatisfied with their inner identity , it is only natural that Russians should demand changes that make them feel more secure and proud .
Because the United States is the most powerful and wisest of nations , it has a unique role to play , and the world should rally behind it in courageously tackling this challenge .
Daily violence should not be allowed to hide deeper strategic realities : victory was around the corner , and soon , the world -- despite all the anti-Bush propaganda -- would recognize it .
We must of course protect ourselves in the most serious and determined manner from the threat that terrorism may pose should , say , extremists acquire nuclear or biological weapons .
The Transatlantic Index How should we assess the state of transatlantic relations nowadays ?
But rapprochement between France and the US should not hide other realities .
Reconciling the United States with itself and the world should thus be the twin priorities for America 's next president .
These questions are crucial not only for France , because we are five months away from a French presidency of the European Union that should have been an important step in Europe 's own rebound .
While he has seemingly lost touch with the French people , he is deeply aware of and wounded by his declining popularity , and no one should underestimate his ability to reinvent himself with a new government after the municipal elections and greater distance from his immediate entourage .
China 's incompetence in its treatment of the crisis in Tibet should come as no surprise .
Regardless of whether some in the United States encouraged Saakashvili , he did not expect -- but he should have -- the `` hyper-charged '' reaction from Russia .
America is once more paving the way for what Europeans should be able to achieve one day with their own minorities : a land of dreams made possible .
But this should not go too far , for there are limits to what the state can do , and the strength of private initiative constitutes one key aspect of America , which became the world 's leading nation thanks to its dynamism , flexibility , and individual inventiveness .
Yet the cards Obama is holding should not be underrated .
He does not theorize about what should be done ; he simply does it , without any ideological bias or constraint .
In reality , Europe and America should represent a source of mutual inspiration that would reduce the human consequences of inequality in the one , and restore a sense of hope in the other .
They should make of necessity an opportunity .
As long as each remains convinced that no alternative to cooperation exists within the EU , and that European cooperation remains a priority for both , it should not be overly difficult to restore their leadership .
By contrast , Zakaria argued , Venezuela 's populist president , Hugo Chávez , who was legitimately elected , should be opposed .
So what lessons should we draw from the inevitably messy nature of electoral processes in countries where there is either no middle class or only a rudimentary one , and where a democratic culture is at best in its infancy ?
One should not , of course , try to take the comparison further .
This is probably one of the most important challenges for today 's world , for America retains a unique power that should be used -- and be perceived -- as a force for good if global stability is to prevail .
Indeed , during this necessarily short and fragile `` unipolar moment , '' Clinton probably had an intuition of what America 's new responsibilities should be , but he did not deliver .
The next US president should be able to capitalize on Americans ' fundamental optimism , pragmatism , and activism .
But some candidates will not be able to conclude negotiations this year . A special effort should be made in order to strengthen their prospects .
While enlargement remains the EU 's most important geo-strategic goal , we must shoulder our global responsibility in other ways as well .
We neither could nor should seek to put an end to globalization .
If the international community is serious about alleviating poverty and achieving development goals , tackling the diseases so directly associated with economic misery should be a fundamental objective .
Now is the time to rethink our public-health investments and messaging , and evaluate whether we are getting the best value for our donor dollars , or whether we should do much more to tackle diseases that we have so far largely ignored .
Above all , innovation will blossom wherever it is recognized that innovation must be open to the physical world and to the world of ideas , and that , because no firm , no process , and no invention has a guaranteed future , everyone should be prepared for uncertainty .
Given these governments ' complex strategies for regulating what their citizens do online -- ranging from establishing effective control of private media and telecoms businesses to allowing people to blow off steam without going too far -- we should be more realistic about the true extent of the Internet 's transformational potential .
Trade links between the two countries are old and deep-rooted , and they were supposed to benefit after Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's visit to Turkey in 2008 , when it was decided that bilateral trade should double , to $ 20 billion , by 2011 , and reach $ 30 billion in 2012 .
The IMF forecasts that the Hariri government should be able to tap capital markets to cover its financial needs for 2010 .
It should also be emphasized that much less is known about trans fat consumption in developing countries .
Financial re-regulation should and will emphasize capital , reserve , and margin requirements ; limiting systemic risk buildup by constraining leverage ; eliminating fragmented and incomplete regulatory coverage and regulatory arbitrage -LRB- a huge challenge internationally -RRB- ; and a focus on transparency .
Responsibility for overseeing the global economy is passing rapidly from the G-7 \/ 8 to the G-20 , as it should .
As a consequence , the developing world 's representatives argue , the advanced countries should take responsibility for the problem .
These considerations suggest that no emission-reduction targets should be imposed on developing countries until they approach per capita GDP levels comparable to those in advanced countries .
While such targets should be self-imposed by advanced countries , they should be allowed to fulfill their obligations , at least in part , by paying to reduce emissions in developing countries -LRB- where such efforts may yield greater benefits -RRB- .
The world has already accepted the basic principle that the rich should bear more of the cost of mitigating climate change .
Conflict between advanced and developing countries over responsibility for mitigating carbon emissions should not be allowed to undermine prospects for a global agreement .
To prevent further climate change , the IPCC believes , emissions should be brought down to 2.3 tons per person globally , or roughly half the current per capita average , in the next 50 to 75 years .
Indeed , it is not reasonable to expect that any country , rich or poor , should set or agree to 50-year targets .
In other words , we should focus our efforts on a shorter time frame , say , the next 15 years .
The question is what kind of action we should take .
No one should expect that the costs of combating climate change will be low .
But key steps can and should be taken : restoration of fiscal balance in well-communicated plans , commitment to central bank autonomy and low inflation , and striking a thoughtful balance between under - and over-regulation of the financial sector .
The central lesson for investors seems to me to be that not all components of risk are static , but rather evolve in ways that are not yet fully understood -- and that government regulation can not fully address . For that reason , the ability of markets to self-correct should play a role as well , which requires that investment strategies attempt to take the possibility of systemic risk into consideration .
The point is not to suggest that there is one right answer , but rather that investment strategy and payout decisions should take into account the longer-term dimensions of risk .
This value should be `` added '' to the return that is attributed to various classes of liquid assets in `` normal '' times , thereby affecting the relative attractiveness of liquid and illiquid assets -- and influencing the asset-allocation choices made by various classes of investors .
Low debt and high liquidity should be valued for avoidance of cash-flow distress , ensuring greater flexibility in adjusting asset allocation , and creating opportunities in the aftermath of a crisis .
Perhaps most importantly , short - and medium-run returns , especially during periods when they are high , should not be taken as accurate signals of long-run returns .
Investment strategies should not be based on the assumption that all times are `` normal '' times , and that periodic instability is abnormal . The challenges of assessing systemic risk and the timing of instability are just that -- challenges , not reasons to ignore the phenomenon .
It should be acknowledged that Ben Ali strengthened the foundations of Tunisian exceptionalism , furthering gender equality and separation of religion and state .
They should remind themselves that demonization , exclusion , and division are not the only options -- and should not be the region 's destiny .
Indeed , in February , he declared that multiculturalism was a `` failure , '' adding , `` Our Muslim compatriots should be able to live and practice their religion like anyone else ... but it can only be a French Islam , not just an Islam in France . ''
Cooler heads should look , instead , to Muslim Spain , Al-Andalus , which shone in Europe from the eighth century until the fifteenth century -- a fertile period of cultural brilliance that paved the way for the Western Renaissance , as well as an inspiring paradigm of convivencia , or coexistence .
Arab governments -- and many Westerners -- claimed that privatization and other economic reforms should be given priority over political change .
But Islamists did not play a big role in Egypt or Tunisia , and they are not expected to lead any of the new governments that are formed -- though they are an important part of Arab societies and should play a role in their emerging regimes .
While the reform process should certainly be homegrown , the United States and the rest of the international community can encourage democratic development without imposing it from afar .
The US and the West can discuss with Arab countries how political reform should be carried out in a way that would contribute to greater openness and opportunities for power-sharing .
The West should not sacrifice these objectives for others ; if allies ultimately lose power in popular revolts , such a tradeoff would not have furthered the West 's interests , to say the least .
In particular , the French Catholic thinker Jacques Maritain developed arguments as to why Christians should embrace democracy and human rights .
Maritain also insisted that Christians , while they should take into account religious precepts , had to act as citizens first .
In particular , according to the twice-divorced self-confessed `` cultural Catholic , '' France should develop a `` positive secularism . ''
Zapatero eventually felt it necessary to tell a Vatican envoy that Spanish bishops should stop meddling in the elections -LRB- which he won -RRB- .
For the moment , the temptation is for the European right to find its `` new look '' through a selective appeal to religion -- and wait and see whether it works as an electoral strategy . They should remember , though , that starting a Kulturkampf is to play with fire : it might be possible to instrumentalize religious passions for a time ; but such passions can not permanently be controlled from above .
While this might sound like an excerpt from a Monty Python sketch , it raises an important issue : should there be limits as to what prospective citizens are tested for ?
It is clearly helpful for immigrants to get hints about how to navigate daily life practically -- such as norms about standing in line . But this kind of local knowledge should not be subject to testing .
The lesson is that national governments should not test the attitudes of immigrants to moral and cultural questions that remain controversial even among established members of the host country .
Tests should communicate lessons about rights and democracy , that is , politics -- not about lifestyles or the supposed core content of a `` national culture '' -LRB- on which established members of a host country themselves would probably be hard pressed to reach consensus -RRB- .
What these kinds of exams can not do -- and should not attempt to do -- is test people 's political convictions .
And every country should think very carefully about what it wishes to communicate about itself .
Such self-understandings should also influence how citizens generally should respond to these movements .
Many putative `` theorists '' themselves declared that the enragés should let go of revolutionary textbooks and , instead , `` practically problematize '' inherited radical strategies .
If so , the people on the squares of Madrid , Athens , and New York are not so much demonstrating against those in power -- give or take a few anarchists -- as demonstrating to those in power that they should feel ashamed for having reneged on supposedly shared commitments .
On that point , the demonstrators have so far remained curiously mute : they have yet to articulate any wider demands or a sense of what a different society , or `` real democracy '' -- a stock phrase of the Spanish movement -- should be all about .
If today 's protest movements are based on righteous indignation , the lack of concrete demands should not be a problem : shared norms -LRB- and the policies that would follow from them -RRB- can still broadly be assumed .
This also means that political elites should try to understand and work with the message of indignation -- and not cynically play up anger for electoral advantage .
Elites -- and protesters ' fellow citizens -- should respond conscientiously and creatively to moral indignation , comprehending that it is ultimately about an affirmation of liberal democracy , and not about all-out revolution , let alone nihilism .
And they should seek to calm anger and defuse outrage , which can be a serious threat to liberal democracy .
In Europe , Germany is obviously the indispensable nation , yet it lacks not only a clear mandate to lead , but also a clear sense of what the European Union should look like after the great projects of peace , the common market , and enlargement are more or less completed .
Europe should therefore consider bearing the high short-term costs of changing the rules of the game .
Having just passed through the bloodiest century in human history , increasing the zone of indifference to the ultimate goals of others -- as long as they are not directed against us -- should be mankind 's top priority .
But awareness of this danger should not lead us to lose sight of a fundamental fact : many of the moral advantages and conceptions of selfhood that those in capitalist societies take for granted are due in no small part to capitalism itself .
As a first step in this struggle , the World Psychiatric Association and national professional bodies should demand direct access to the Ankang network and other places of psychiatric incarceration .
The UN should have put Mugabe on the defensive with a forceful public offer to help Zimbabwe prepare for internationally supervised elections .
People of good will throughout the world , including those affiliated with multilateral organizations like the UN , should descend on Zimbabwe to observe this month 's elections .
Accredited or not , they should stand in solidarity with the people of Zimbabwe at this crucial moment , act as witnesses to the deteriorating pre-election environment , and serve as a bulwark against any escalation of state brutality during and after the vote .
Any thought that the anti-terror coalition will be able to bail out fast -LRB- as the West did when it abandoned Afghanistan to its fate after the Soviet withdrawal ten years ago -RRB- should be forgotten .
Particular attention should be given to elementary schools and libraries outside of cities .
Planners should take advantage of the country 's decentralized nature and emphasize private sector participation in reconstruction .
But autonomous economic regions should be avoided as a threat to Afghan national unity because they would play into the hands of the warlords .
These activities should be explored in a framework of economic development across Central Asia .
An international conference on Afghanistan should be called by the US and held under UN auspices . It must affirm not only Afghanistan 's territorial integrity , but insure that donor commitments meet the scale of the job and that these promises are kept .
Several currencies have attained some measure of regional convertibility , which should encourage monetary harmonization and promote intraregional trade , as countries ' trade flows shift from partners that require payment in foreign currency .
They should urge the Kosovo government to mount a credible investigation , for the sake of the victims and people in Kosovo who want their state to be ruled by law .
-LRB- Likewise , no one should forget the Albanian dead that Serbia has not returned . -RRB-
The US should use its political clout with Albania and Kosovo to press for a thorough investigation , and for criminal proceedings against anyone who is implicated .
Political leaders should also seek to stabilize defense budgets by creating separate funds for unforeseen multilateral peacekeeping operations , like the Balkans and Afghanistan , and by putting defense planning on a multi-year rather than an annual cycle .
At a minimum , 25 % of annual budgets should be allocated toward research , development , and procurement , with no more than 40 % spent on personnel .
Nations should forge partnerships across national lines with like-minded allies -- a model exemplified by the new joint Spanish-Italian Amphibious Force .
Nations that can not afford to field expeditionary forces capable of performing the full spectrum of 21st-century missions should make greater use of specialization to enhance their contribution to Europe 's collective defense .
But states that specialize in a capability should do so as a part of a `` country cluster '' to minimize the risk of a nation facing a military challenge that its forces are unprepared to meet .
It should articulate more clearly Europe 's future military roles and missions , determine the military capabilities required , identify shortfalls , and develop projects and initiatives to address the most critical gaps .
The EU should also take steps to improve its ability to conduct operations .
New EU `` Battlegroups '' should be strengthened through regular training and certification , preferably using NATO standards , and the EU Military Committee should hold regular Battlegroup conferences to solicit country contributions to future formations .
Battlegroups should be expanded to include naval and air components for missions such as maritime interdiction and close support for ground troops .
Common funding for operations should be increased , and member states should continue to be encouraged to make civilian and police forces as readily deployable in peacekeeping operations as their military .
To do this , the often pre-scripted and stale dialogue between the North Atlantic Council and the EU 's Political and Security Committee should be opened up to include topics such as combating terrorism and the proliferation of WMD , or regions such as Ukraine or Moldova .
No one should be under any illusions .
A `` No First Use '' declaration should be collectively agreed upon , in conjunction with corresponding verifiable force structures , deployments , and readiness status .
There are good reasons why mixed tribunals should have substantial national components . Nonetheless , this arrangement poses particular challenges in a country where the quality and independence of judicial decision-making have long been questioned .
If ordinary people are to observe this historic event , buses will have to transport them . The proceedings should be broadcast nationwide on radio and television .
At the very least , court staff should work with local groups to convene meetings about the trials , and the issues they raise , in communities across the country .
Cambodia 's political leaders and donor states should do more to underscore the value of wide-ranging debate about the tribunal and the larger legacy of Cambodia 's civil conflict .
Its capacity to render justice should be of paramount concern to us all .
In the wake of Milosevic 's death , Karadzic and Mladic should be brought before the ICTY , both to reinforce its work and to demonstrate to their victims that the international community is resolved not to allow their suffering to be forgotten .
It should be noted that the Darfur case was referred to the ICC by the UN Security Council .
So critics of the indictment should at least be made to bear the burden of demonstrating to the Security Council that a peace settlement is likely if they wish the Council to act .
Yet the Universal Declaration marked a giant step forward , as the world 's governments -- with abstentions from the Soviet bloc states , Saudi Arabia , and apartheid South Africa , but with no votes in opposition -- agreed that rights should take precedence over state power .
Yet it should be recognized that the Court 's personnel are carrying out their duties .
Criminalizing blasphemy should be strongly opposed as an unwarranted restriction on freedom of expression , even by those who believe that there are certain limited circumstances in which it is appropriate to make hate speech a crime .
Yet , because Goldstone went further and found a policy of intentionality , before revising that judgment , he should have insisted on additional evidence that his finding was not warranted .
First , one should consider the severity of the crimes committed by those who would escape punishment . Second , we should consider how much death and suffering would be avoided by letting such a ruler and his henchmen go free .
If Saddam is ready to abdicate to preserve his life , he should get that much security , no more .
Among the reasons the American military is committed to respect for the Geneva Conventions is a concern about reciprocity . By treating others properly , American forces strengthen their argument that they themselves should be dealt with in accordance with the Geneva Conventions .
As a long-time advocate of bringing Saddam and his cohorts to justice for their crimes against the Kurds , the Marsh Arabs and many others , I endorse the Bush Administration 's view that proceedings should not be limited to offenses committed in the current war .
But those charged with responsibility for such crimes should be brought before an international -- not American -- tribunal .
America should take note .
What is remarkable is not just the violence and threats against Vilks -- anyone who doubts the determination of Islamist extremists in Sweden should watch the YouTube clip from that lecture -- but also the reaction from the otherwise radically secular Swedish establishment .
When it is harnessed to promote growth and human rights , interference should be appreciated , regardless of the regime that is doing it .
Because United Russia will hold a parliamentary majority , opposition to executive authority should be much weaker than when the Communists formed the largest faction .
Similarly , the European Union 's leadership is criticized for its inability to secure economic growth rates of more than 1-2 % ; by this standard , any government of a country with 7 % growth -- such as Putin 's Russia -- should be called super-effective .
Liberals should face up to grim reality : Russia already had an `` orange '' revolution , in 1991 , and the results were not particularly impressive .
Vladimir Putin 's decision to serve as prime minister should Dmitri Medvedev become Russia 's next president has made their electoral success in March a virtual certainty .
However , he should be thanked rather than reproached .
At the same time , Burundi 's Hutu saw Rwanda as a role model and believed their ethnic majority should guarantee them de facto control of the country .
Why should the rebels believe that the government will honor its commitments once they no longer represent a threat ?
So it should be no surprise that noncommunicable diseases -LRB- NCD 's -RRB- , including cardiovascular diseases -LRB- CVD 's -RRB- , obesity , diabetes and cancer , now kill roughly 33 million people around the world each year , and cause almost 60 % of total deaths .
Transport ministries should provide safe roads so that children can bike to school .
Education ministers should demand healthy school meals .
The Cardinal argued that evolution is the work of God and that evolutionary theory should be interpreted in that light and no other .
Yet Europe should not think itself immune to this problem .
The danger is that scientific decisions with a scientific-technical component are no longer subject to study or rational argument , but instead are fought over by various interest groups , with some invariably claiming that their taxes should be used to fund only research that is compatible with their values .
The Kibaki government should be acknowledged for gracefully conceding defeat , but true credit goes to the Kenyan public for its unwillingness to allow the authorities to dispense with the rule of law .
Our Low-Carbon Future LONDON -- The United Nations climate change conference , to be held in Copenhagen this December , should provide the climax to two years of international negotiations over a new global treaty aimed at addressing the causes and consequences of greenhouse-gas emissions .
Developed countries should also provide strong support for measures to halt deforestation in developing countries , and for reducing emissions substantially , quickly , and at reasonable cost .
Based on recent estimates of the developing world 's extra requests as a result of climate change , rich countries should be providing annual financial support -- in addition to existing foreign-aid commitments -- of about $ 100 billion for adaptation and $ 100 billion for mitigation by the early 2020 's .
Rich countries must also demonstrate that low-carbon growth is possible by investing in new technologies , which should be shared with developing countries to boost their mitigation efforts .
We should learn from the financial crisis that if risks are ignored , the eventual consequences are inevitably worse .
Rebuilding Haiti From Davos ROME -- When the captains of business and industry meet in Davos for the World Economic Forum this month , the devastation caused by the recent earthquake in Haiti will be near the top of their agenda . It should be , for there is much they can do to help .
Klaus Schwab , the founder and chairman of the World Economic Forum , has said that this year 's Davos meeting should be used to `` solicit commitments in practical help for relief of the continued pain of Haiti 's people , and particularly for the reconstruction of Haiti . ''
While Europeans chew on that , they should also reflect on what the Cairo speech could mean for their own position in the Middle East .
Similarly , it suits the US that Europe should remain on the sidelines of the Israel-Palestine conflict while paying ¤ 1 billion a year to finance the stalemate .
But , while some Western feminist insights may be useful to Afghani women and other women in the developing world as they resist certain forms of male oppression , we should not assume -- as Western feminists often have -- that our job is to proselytize `` our '' feminism .
On the contrary , the feminism expressed by women such as these Afghani heroines should educate us in the West about our own shortcomings .
None of this means that men and women should not try to adjust to each other 's wishes , ask for shared responsibility with housework , or expect to be `` heard . ''
None of this should surprise anyone anymore .
We should understand that this time-tested script for establishing or enforcing a dictatorship exists -- but so does a counter-strategy for opening up a closed society .
Iran 's citizens -- and all people longing to resist a tyrannical government or to protest in an established democracy -- should bear that lesson in mind .
In this crisis , the US president should form a united front with human rights groups , which can advise him exactly how to follow , sustain , and support those Iranians who have been or may yet be arrested , or worse .
Why should Obama , a constitutional scholar , be backtracking this way ?
The world 's law-abiding governments and ordinary citizens should call and email DeWalt , the Pentagon , and the White House press office to demand answers .
These women are exactly the kind of leaders that everyone should be cultivating and supporting , rather than overlooking because of a belief that they can not exist in the Middle East .
We would do better to find out more about them than to waste our time on superficial debates about how they -- and many others who are just as accomplished -- should dress .
Second , news outlets will have to be interactive : they should regularly teach citizens op-ed writing , for example , so that editors can receive a truly diverse set of submissions -- well sourced , well written , and well argued -- from people from all walks of life .
Finally , citizens should be able to continue to curate a news story .
To be sure , I have been exposed to flimsy sources , and newspapers of the future should help readers learn what a good source is , and what good citizen journalism requires .
Like other countries , US should occasionally use unilateral tactics .
Even militarily , the US should rarely intervene alone .
American foreign policy should have a general preference for multilateralism , but not all forms multilateralism .
Even a solitary superpower should follow this rule of thumb : try multilateralism first .
They develop new norms by directly pressing governments and businesses to change policies , and indirectly by altering public perceptions of what governments and firms should do .
Popularity is ephemeral and should never guide national policy .
As Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld has put it , `` The issues should determine the coalition , rather than the coalition determining the issues . ''
According to the report , the General Assembly has lost vitality , the Security Council must be more proactive , the Commission on Human Rights suffers from a legitimacy deficit , the Secretariat should be more professional and better organized , and major institutional gaps hinder responses to economic and social threats to international security .
On terrorism , they break the long UN impasse over finding a definition , condemning all attacks against civilians , and propose a number of measures that member states should take .
If states feel compelled to act in the case of Council stalemate , they should know that they would do less damage to their reputations if they act within the Panel 's guidelines for legitimacy , even if they fail to satisfy its criterion for legality .
We will not know for some time , but the debaters should recall Thucydides ' warning more than two millennia ago that belief in the inevitability of conflict can become one of its main causes .
Perhaps that outcome should n't seem so strange .
The Allure of Asia President Bush is in Asia to attend the Asian Pacific Economic Council in China , but he should pay attention to another Asian summit to which he was not invited .
To be smart today , Europe should invest more in its hard-power resources , and America should pay more attention to its soft power .
Five years into this new era , how should we characterize it ?
The US should quietly try to nudge these steps forward .
There is concern about Russia 's future , how it will use its newfound power , and how the West should respond .
Faced with this uncertainty about the future of liberal democracy in Russia , how should western countries respond ?
But advocating engagement over isolation should not prevent friendly criticism , and in Davos I offered four reasons why Russia will not remain a major power in 2020 unless it changes its current behavior and policies .
Most Russian participants at the Davos dinner seemed to ignore these criticisms , but it was interesting to hear one important official admit that reform might progress faster if oil prices dropped somewhat , and another accept the point that criticism should be welcomed as long as it is offered in a friendly spirit .
Today , on the eve of the French presidential elections , opinion polls show that three-quarters of French voters believe that France should distance itself from the United States .
But one should not read too much into these differences .
America and Global Public Goods America is currently transfixed with the problem it has created for itself in Iraq , but the presidential candidates are also beginning to ask what principles should guide United States foreign policy after Iraq .
First , the US should take the lead in helping to develop and maintain international laws and institutions to organize collective action to deal with not only trade and the environment , but also weapons proliferation , peacekeeping , human rights , and other concerns .
Second , the US should make international development a higher priority .
Development will take a long time , and the international community needs to explore better ways to make sure that help actually reaches the poor , but both prudence and a concern for soft power suggest that the US should take the lead .
Neo-conservatives writers like Max Boot argue that the US should provide troubled countries with the sort of enlightened foreign administration once provided by self-confident Englishmen in pith helmets .
So the US should avoid the misleading metaphor of empire as a guide to its foreign policy .
Should such a new grouping have a secretariat to present common proposals , or should it rely solely on meetings of national officials ?
Perhaps leaders should be limited to one aide in the room and prohibited from reading formally prepared opening statements .
He is currently advocating a referendum on whether Taiwan should join the United Nations , which China views as provocative .
With increasing change in China and growing economic and social contacts across the strait , it should be possible to find a formula that allows the Taiwanese to maintain their market economy and democratic system without a placard at the UN .
At the same time , except for some religious leaders , such as the Dalai Lama , soft power is rarely sufficient , while leaders who only court popularity may be reluctant to exercise hard power when they should .
And Machiavelli made it clear that hatred is something a prince should carefully avoid .
The organizational skills required for leaders as managers should not be confused with the efficiency or tidiness of a well-run organization .
Nor should it be restricted to hierarchical bureaucratic organizations .
On the other hand , China 's power should not be exaggerated .
Or , as Robert Zoellick , currently the president of the World Bank , put it when he was a State Department official , the US should invite China to become a `` responsible stakeholder '' in the international system .
Today , such countries should join together to offer Iran -LRB- and others -RRB- a deal .
Countries that wish to develop nuclear energy but not nuclear bombs should be given international guarantees of fuel supply and disposal of spent fuel .
For example , Russia , which is helping Iran construct a nuclear reactor at Bushehr , should offer Iran a guarantee of low enriched uranium fuel and reprocessing of the reactor 's spent fuel by sending it back to Russia if Iran agrees to forego enrichment and reprocessing .
China , India , and other countries argue that economic development in rich countries caused most of the existing problem , and it is only fair that developing countries should not have to reduce their emissions until they reach the rich countries ' levels of emissions .
And Machiavelli made it clear that hatred is something a prince should carefully avoid .
The Obama administration will have to pursue the struggle against Al Qaeda , but should drop the war rhetoric .
Here Obama should lead by example and remember the historical wisdom of being Reagan 's `` shining city on a hill . ''
A `` liberal realist '' policy should look to the long-term evolution of world order and realize the responsibility of the international system 's strongest country to produce global public goods -- things people and governments around the world want but can not otherwise attain -- as Britain did in the nineteenth century .
America should similarly promote an open international economy and commons -LRB- seas , space , Internet -RRB- , mediate international disputes before they escalate , and develop international rules and institutions .
Somalia said the principle of national self-determination should allow Somalis in northeastern Kenya -LRB- and in the southern Ethiopia -RRB- to secede , because they were one Somali nation .
But today I regard it as equally important to challenge the new conventional wisdom that America is invincible , and that the `` new unilateralism '' should guide US foreign policy .
Avoiding coercion , premature elections , and hypocritical rhetoric should not preclude a patient policy that relies on economic assistance , behind-the-scenes diplomacy , and multilateral approaches to aid the development of civil society , the rule of law , and well-managed elections .
Leaders should encourage such entrepreneurship among their followers as a means of increasing their effectiveness .
In retirement , President Dwight Eisenhower said that he should have taken money out of the defense budget to strengthen the US Information Agency .
Many Chinese believe that this represents a shift in the global balance of power , and that China should be less deferential to other countries , including the US .
Finally , China has miscalculated by violating the wisdom of Deng Xiaoping , who advised that China should proceed cautiously and `` keep its light under a basket . ''
The US was founded in part on mistrust of government , and a long tradition traceable to Thomas Jefferson holds that Americans should not worry too much about low levels of confidence in government .
So , how seriously should analysts take the term BRIC ?
As an indicator of economic opportunity , they should welcome it , though it would make more sense if Indonesia replaced Russia .
How , then , should US officials respond ?
As US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton put it recently , `` the UN remains the single most important global institution ... but we are constantly reminded of its limitations ... The UN was never intended to tackle every challenge ; nor should it . ''
Now some American neo-conservatives argue that the US should drop its longstanding support for European integration .
China miscalculated by deviating from the smart strategy of a rising power and violating Deng 's dictum that China should proceed cautiously and `` skillfully keep a low profile . ''
Most importantly , the US and China should avoid developing exaggerated fears of each other 's capacities and intentions .
Some observers , such as the Harvard historian Niall Ferguson , believe that `` debating the stages of decline may be a waste of time -- it is a precipitous and unexpected fall that should most concern policy makers and citizens . ''
Some Americans argue that China 's rise can not be peaceful , and that the US , therefore , should now adopt a policy of containing the People 's Republic .
By the middle of this century , Asia should again represent half the world 's population and GDP .
Democracy remains a worthy and widespread goal , which should be distinguished from the means chosen to attain it .
But this apparent return to normality should not mislead us about the longer-term importance of 9\/11 .
But , at least for America , perhaps the most important lesson of 9\/11 is that US foreign policy should follow the counsel of President Dwight Eisenhower a half-century ago : Do not get involved in land wars of occupation , and focus on maintaining the strength of the American economy .
But one should remember that these problems are only part of the picture -- and , in principle , they can be solved over the long term .
His argument that Kosovo should remain an integral part of Serbia , and that Russia is a more natural -LRB- Slavic -RRB- ally for the Serbs than perfidious Europe , resonates strongly in a country traumatized by its recent past .
Even Ireland 's dismal performance at the recent Eurovision Song Contest has been used to bolster the message : `` They did n't vote for us ; why should we vote for them ? ''
But nobody should take Irish voters for granted in the final days of the campaign .
Rather than embracing a globally enforceable code of conduct that could paradoxically lead to a compulsory opening of capital accounts across the globe , the IMF , the G-20 , the Financial Stability Board , and other bodies should try to reduce the stigma attached to capital-account regulations and protect countries ' ability to deploy them .
Indeed , the IMF could help countries to prevent evasion of the regulations , and , together with the G-20 and the FSB , should lead a global dialogue about the extent to which countries should coordinate such regulations .
This would require , for instance , stimulating growth in Europe , Asia , and the major oil exporters in order to offset the contractionary effect on the world economy of adjustment in the US , which should include more restrictive fiscal policies , less private consumption , and higher domestic savings to reduce its external deficit .
Exchange rates should be realigned in a coordinated fashion to stimulate exports from deficit countries and import demand from surplus countries .
Such a new platform should also be used to work towards structural reform of the international monetary system aimed at reducing its excessive reliance on the US dollar as a reserve currency .
Such reforms should work towards developing a multilaterally agreed multi-currency reserve system or even , in the longer term , a world currency based on the Special Drawing Rights issued by the IMF .
The mere possibility of an imminent hard landing for the dollar -- and with it , for the US and world economy -- should be alarming enough to mobilize concerted action .
Regulations should also have a strong counter-cyclical focus , preventing excessive accumulation of leverage and increasing capital and provisions -LRB- reserves -RRB- during booms , as well as preventing asset price bubbles from feeding into credit expansion .
Reliance on financial institutions ' internal models , the major focus of the Basel II agreement on banking regulation , should be discarded .
Any new regulatory system should be based on a well functioning network of national and regional authorities -LRB- still missing in the European Union -RRB- and include truly international supervision of financial institutions with a global reach .
Most agree that the International Monetary Fund should not be at the center of the regulatory system .
Three central issues of IMF reform should also be taken on board .
The third issue is developing countries ' major demand . The IMF should lend during balance-of-payments crises rapidly and without overburdening conditions , particularly when the source of the crisis is a rapid reversal of capital flows or a sharp deterioration in the terms of trade .
In all these areas , the IMF should make more active use of regional institutions .
For a decade , I have proposed that the IMF of the future should be seen as the apex of a network of regional reserve funds -- that is , a system closer in design to the European Central Bank or the United States Federal Reserve system .
Bretton Woods II should resolve this problem by creating an international debt court .
That issue should be at the top of the agenda when the IMF 's International Monetary and Financial Committee next meet .
The dollar has lost what any reserve asset should have : a stable value .
The deficiencies of current arrangements are why the world monetary system should be based on a truly global reserve currency : a fiduciary currency backed by the world 's central banks .
The reform should also allow for a mechanism for countries to exchange their current dollar -LRB- and euro , yen , and pound -RRB- assets for SDRs , thus avoiding the disruptions that could be generated by the transition to the new system .
More broadly , to the extent that major emerging-market countries will continue to lead the global recovery , they should reduce their current-account surpluses or even generate deficits to help , through increased imports , spread the benefits of their growth worldwide .
Why should emerging-market countries ' central banks undertake this peculiar financial intermediation , which represents a major cost , as the yield of private funds is higher than that of reserves ?
So , a more orderly way to induce current-account deficits without risking disruption of emerging economies ' growth should be considered .
This does not mean , of course , that China should take no action to correct the undervaluation of its currency , though some recognition should be given to the way in which it is already contributing to solving this problem by allowing domestic wages to rise .
Mutual and other private-sector funds require minimum terms for investments , and such mandatory lock-up periods should be applied to capital inflows as well .
High capital and provision requirements for certain transactions , or prohibition of such transactions , should also be introduced for prudential reasons .
Non-deliverable forward contracts should be subject to close regulation and supervision in both source and destination countries .
But the consensus in Beijing was that the G-20 should adopt a modest proposal this year : a limited expansion of the International Monetary Fund 's current system of Special Drawing Rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- .
This should be understood as the first step toward integrating `` general resource '' and `` SDR '' accounts into a single IMF account , and to increase the SDR 's role in IMF transactions so that it eventually becomes the main -- or even only -- mechanism for IMF financing .
During a declared crisis , IMF lending should be financed entirely by new SDR issues in unlimited amounts .
This , of course , contradicts the wisdom that the IMF and others have preached in the past -- that emerging economies should free their capital accounts as part of a broader process of financial liberalization .
In the recent IMF document , the Fund proposes a set of guidelines that countries should use for capital-account regulations -LRB- which they call `` capital-flow management measures , '' or CFMs -RRB- .
The guidelines correctly emphasize that these regulations should complement , not replace , counter-cyclical macroeconomic policies .
An institutional framework implies that CFMs should be part of a country 's permanent policy toolkit , and that regulations are strengthened or weakened depending on the phase of the business cycle .
Most importantly , a policy framework issued by international institutions like the IMF should include a clear mechanism to cooperate with countries using these policies .
Finally , any regulation in this area should recognize that capital-account convertibility is not obligatory for the IMF 's `` clients . ''
Essentially , it sought to neutralize sentiments such as those expressed in a memo attributed to Lawrence Summers , former Harvard President and now Director of President Barack Obama 's National Economic Council : `` I think the economic logic behind dumping a load of toxic waste in the lowest wage country is impeccable and we should face up to that . ''
So debates about China should not be cast as a simple matter of right or wrong , but of when and how .
We should not be surprised if soon -- perhaps at the Party 's 2002 General Assembly -- China 's leaders formally call for a new doctrine to match its new model .
The political violence that engulfed several northern states after Buhari 's defeat is part of an emerging trend : narrow ethnic and religious sentiment , fed by feelings of perceived political marginalization and deepening poverty , is increasingly displacing the civic consciousness and active citizen participation that democratic politics should nurture .
Governance has never been easy in Nigeria , a conglomerate of over 150 million people and some 250 ethnic or language groups . Not all share the same vision of Nigeria 's future , and they are exceptionally vigorous in disputing what it should be .
Some prominent Nigerians have also suggested that if the electoral crisis is not resolved before Obasanjo steps down on May 29 , the chief justice should take over as interim president and organize new elections .
As the INEC proceeded to implement an elaborate device to check potential vote riggers , he stood his ground and backed Jega , even as hawks within his party began to mutter that Jega was a `` dangerous radical '' whom the president should sack .
Children and adults with disabilities , together with their advocates , should be involved in the planning , implementation , and monitoring of policies and services .
But Europe should be doing better . It should act with greater imagination to unleash more genuine economic freedom and competition , stop championing national enterprises , and start giving the European Central Bank more support .
Euro-zone policymakers should also seize the initiative in the world 's key economic clubs .
In particular , members of Europe 's economic and monetary union should give up their seats in the G-7 and the International Monetary Fund .
It should also be obvious that , in the absence of currency markets to act as a `` valve '' for economic and financial pressures , economic volatility may increase .
In fact , euro-zone leaders should be less worried about variations in internal growth than about clear evidence of overall economic underperformance .
After all the diplomacy and effort that these epoch-making events required , European policymakers should be able to tackle reform of the IMF , the World Bank , the G-7 , and the G-8 . Yet all of these institutions still reflect the post-World War II status quo , which serves little purpose in today 's world .
Europe should lead by example -- offering the world the benefit of its deep experience of financial diplomacy and volunteering to take the first steps forward .
Given that Europe managed to construct EMU , the Maastricht Treaty , and the stability and growth pact that underlines the euro , it should be relatively easy for euro-zone experts to help devise a system for judging G-7 type membership .
Thus , the European Security Strategy , adopted in 2004 , says only that , `` we should continue to work for closer relations with Russia , a major factor in our security and prosperity .
Europe should react to this Russian proposal , first , by acknowledging that Russia has a critical role to play in transatlantic security , and that it should be treated not only with caution , but also with respect .
Security initiatives should therefore first be discussed bilaterally within the NATO-EU framework ; only then should a common position be presented at the OSCE .
NATO-Russia consultation during the drafting of the latest NATO Strategic Concept is a good example -- an approach that Russia itself rejected before adopting its new military doctrine . Consultations on the Medvedev Plan should also include other former Soviet-bloc countries , such as Ukraine .
As a signal of their seriousness , European governments should think twice before they accept Serbia 's invitation to attend the Council of Europe 's festive 1,000 th meeting in June .
But , as Western governments -- and European Union government , in particular -- respond , they should view Lukashenko 's brutal crackdown as a major turning point : the moment when the regime could no longer claim popular support and was forced to confront the failure of its antediluvian socioeconomic model .
Yet Western policy towards Belarus must be carefully modulated , and it should emphasize Europe 's soft power -- the attractiveness of its social model to an increasing number of Belarusians .
Person-to-person exchanges should also be encouraged , and the support that countries like Poland give to the Belarusian opposition should be stepped up .
The West should use that fact to its fullest advantage .
At the end of this trip , Polish Foreign Minister Radoslaw Sikorski announced the possibility of a $ 4 billion EU aid package should Belarus hold a free and fair election .
The IMF should not be in the ransom business .
The West should send the same message to Lukasenko that it has sent to Libyan leader Muammar el-Qaddafi and Syrian President Bashar al-Assad : No IMF money to prolong the life of the regime .
The price of reform has been high . But all the hard work these states have undertaken to prepare themselves for EU membership may be squandered should they choose to adopt the euro too soon .
In hindsight , benchmarks of the candidates ' ability to manage these risks should have supplemented the existing Maastricht criteria for adopting the euro .
In order to facilitate monetary convergence effectively , DIT policies should follow a two-stage adjustment process .
The initial policy emphasis should be exclusively on disinflation and on applying a strict inflation-targeting regime .
But these countries ' monetary authorities should base interest rates on conditional inflation forecasts rather than historical data during active disinflation .
Each should be regarded as an urgent matter by the new government , and each , if handled adroitly , could be `` sold '' to the public as the type of popular reform that people have been demanding .
A suitable model for the ESC might be the UN Security Council , which allows concerted or joint action should agreement exist amongst its members .
Second , the three major EU member states - France , Germany , and the United Kingdom - should be granted permanent seats .
Finally , the European Commission should receive a seat .
The third possibility -- military action endorsed by a small group of states -- should be avoided , for practical , legal , and moral reasons .
When it comes to deciding on how to deal with Iran , the US and its allies should bear in mind the following principles .
Learning the lessons of the decision to invade Iraq , democracies should not allow personal obsessions , fantasies , and dogmas to contaminate the foreign policy-making process .
Third , sanctions should not be discarded , but they should be interpreted as a means of pressure rather than as a mere prelude to war .
All regional and local actors should be involved .
New methods should be explored .
The Chinese government should not underestimate Clinton 's and Obama 's commitment to this issue .
China should take up Clinton 's call for collaboration on climate change , which could possibly become a paradigm-shifting issue in Sino-US relations , much as the united front against the Soviet Union did in 1972 , when Richard Nixon and Henry Kissinger went to China to begin normalizing relations .
As they contemplate this turning point , China 's leaders should be aware of how malleable US foreign policy currently is .
But this bounty comes with one big headache : where should Chinese Communist Party officials park all that money ?
First , there are limits to how many trillions of dollars China can , and should , put into US Treasury bills .
After all , should the dollar depreciate , China does not want to have too many eggs in the US basket .
Investors should diversify their risk , and so must China .
We in this region can , and I believe should , call for a non-aligned Caucasus , free of security blocs and adversarial alliances .
Today , we share a common vision of European integration , and it is in this broader context that our conflicts should be resolved .
The repercussions of bombing Iran should be clear : closure of the Straits of Hormuz , skyrocketing oil prices , possible retaliation against Israel -LRB- regardless of the origin of the attack -RRB- , and even greater turmoil in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The world 's judgments about Iran 's motives and actions should not be distorted by Iranian pride .
The recent resolution passed by the Foreign Relations Committee of the US Congress , which called upon President Obama to ensure that US foreign policy reflects an `` appropriate understanding and sensitivity '' concerning the Armenian Genocide , should serve as a wake-up call to both Turkish and Armenian governments that Armenians are not about to question the historical veracity of the genocide .
After all , if France and Germany can face their tortured history , Turkey should be able to do so as well .
The problem should not be dismissed as a mere settling of old scores .
In the absence of assurances of such an outcome , a presidential-level meeting should not be tried .
It should respectfully leave the rabbis and the army officers in their confined quarters .
What should you do ?
But does that mean that Israel should let them keep shooting at it ?
Or should Israel respond `` proportionally , '' by firing 10 to 80 rockets , indiscriminately aimed against Gazan homes and schools , every day for the next few years ?
For the time being , Israel should strive for the safest truce it can accomplish , provided that Hamas stops shooting out of its own crowded living room .
Tel Aviv , who voted Livni and Left of her , should finally be able to stand up to Jerusalem , who voted Netanyahu and Right of him .
Even Israelis , they say , should be able to work in a two-party system .
Israel should apologize and make amends .
Moderate Israeli citizens , who had nothing to do with the flotilla fiasco , should lower their heads in shame for their government 's act . And then we should raise our eyes again , proudly meet the gaze of those Palestinians who are willing to talk peace with us , and tell them : `` Let 's get on with it .
Villanueva was a fugitive from justice and Almeyda knew that he should turn him over to the police .
Instead , the blame should be shared by those who knew , or should have known , about the risks of giving up the ability to set interest rates in individual countries .
The main blame should therefore be put on the system 's founders , or those who saw the problems coming but chose not to raise a word of warning .
Those who not only tolerated but actively encouraged the excesses of countries like Latvia -- by making eventual euro adoption a precondition for European Union membership , and promising that it would produce only growth , prosperity , and discipline -- are those who should be chased by the blame game .
Europe should shift its focus on immigration and security back to policies that reflect the original objectives of the Barcelona Declaration .
Education remains a key area where the EU should contribute to the development of the southern neighborhood , if only because young people are a growing majority of the Arab population .
That means Japan should decisively abandon ultra-low interest rates , albeit gradually so as to allow an orderly unwinding of speculative positions .
Moreover , there is an old mentality among Southern countries that they can do no wrong in their relationships with the North , and that they should exhibit solidarity with each other regarding those relationships .
Paradigms should co-exist in economics , just as in other social sciences .
If speculation were really the cause , they argue , there should be an increase in oil inventories , because higher prices would reduce consumption , forcing speculators to accumulate oil .
Furthermore , with oil prices up so much , inventories should have fallen , owing to strong incentives to reduce holdings .
Whereas the bogey of inflation seems finally to have been laid to rest , another myth must still be challenged -- that the Fed and other central banks should save their `` bullets '' for a rainy day and should therefore resist cutting rates .
Yet this does n't explain why these poorer immigrants remain religious ; wanting to succeed US-style , they should want to be quick to `` assimilate . ''
They should be allowed to work .
Were Islamic values as fateful as Huntington suggests , there should have been sharp differences in inequality and the treatment of women between these communities .
Having successfully integrated ten new members in May -- including eight former communist countries with significantly lower levels of economic development -- some argue that the EU should stop there .
Turkey should view the Patriarchate not as a threat , but as an important asset - -- a bridge to Europe .
Rather , it should mean that certain principles of respect , consultation , and deliberation become part of everyday life .
We should celebrate these achievements even as we recognize that serious problems remain to be resolved .
There are different perspectives on how Europe 's security architecture should be designed , but we all agree on the urgent need to tackle this critical challenge through constructive dialogue .
Political problems , however they are addressed , should be weighed against the vulnerability of European banks .
Decisions should be taken sooner rather than later , so that the eurozone itself shapes events , rather than being commanded by them .
Russia 's policy toward the post-Soviet countries is based on the doctrine of a `` liberal empire , '' according to which Russia 's major government-owned and private companies should assume control of key economic entities across the territories of the former Soviet republics by acquiring their assets .
In this context , the word `` liberal '' should be understood to suggest that the empire of the `` new Russian dream '' should be built by purely economic means , excluding all forcible action against other nations .
So it should be no surprise that Ukraine under Yanukovich has faced no further problems with the supply of Russian gas .
However there is some ambiguity about what they should do when the claims of the state clash with those of the umma -LRB- the worldwide community of Islam -RRB- .
My own country , for example , invented much of what it means to be British in order to accommodate Scotland in the eighteenth century to the idea of rule from England , and to persuade the whole of the United Kingdom that it should not object to being ruled by German kings .
So young and old alike should hold onto their hats in the exciting but dangerous years ahead .
Coincidentally , the deadly attack on Gaza came at the same time that a clutch of America 's most distinguished would-be Middle East peacemakers published books about how the task should properly be tackled .
These `` wise men , '' advisers one and all to President Bill Clinton and other presidents , all seem to concede that the failure of the proposed Camp David accord in 2000 could not , after all , be laid solely at Arafat 's door . Former Israeli premier Ehud Barak should carry his share of the blame .
Of course , this is what should happen .
In return , the Protestant majority in the north accepted that republicans should not have to accept the symbols of a state to which they felt no loyalty .
Second , the violence has strengthened the political process , with one-time IRA leaders standing shoulder to shoulder with the police to condemn the murders .
And , second , we should abandon outdated and wrong-headed notions of identity .
He believed in capitalism -- or at least in supporting big companies and the rich -- though whether he understood how free markets should work under the rule of law is more doubtful .
He thought that the American president should operate beyond the checks and balances applied by the US Constitution , just as his country should not be constrained by any international rules .
The bigger tragedy was that so many others paid a much higher price for this than Bush did . `` The Cost of Dick Cheney '' -- perhaps that should be the title of Bush 's memoirs .
Why should anyone in Pakistan believe that the West is serious in wanting to sustain that country as a Muslim democratic state ?
So the West should see the job through in Afghanistan -- do it better but do it . Sometimes the dominoes do topple over , one by one .
That is not a prospect that anyone should welcome in South Asia .
The Party and people should faithfully follow whatever Mao instructed them to do .
But no one should think that debate in democracies is always based on reason , or that democracy necessarily makes people more rational .
Instead , you should jump straight into a final deal .
Any Palestinian state should be within the 1967 borders -LRB- as adjusted through negotiation -RRB- .
Why should what worked in Northern Ireland -- indeed , what was pressed on Britain by the United States -- be unthinkable in the Middle East ?
And what is built should not be destroyed .
But he should dwell upon the implications of such an approach between board meetings , lectures , and photo calls .
I should be boring my children , and the students at Oxford University where I am Chancellor , with grumbles about how everything is going to the dogs .
But what we should want to promote is the right sort of growth -- growth that wo n't ravage our future prospects .
German voters balk at any suggestion that we should limit the environmental damage caused by big and expensive cars .
Lady Ashton should be able to tie together the political and resource arms of Europe 's external policies .
First , we should dare to believe that what most suits Europe 's interests might also be best for our relationship with our closest ally , the United States .
We should , for example , want to prevent the militarization of nuclear energy in Iran precisely because of our concern as Europeans , not because we are allies of the US .
True , we tend to align ourselves these days more with Venus than Mars , something for which the rest of the world should be deeply grateful .
For reasons of history , morality , and security , Africa should be regarded as a particular European responsibility .
We should deploy our aid , diplomacy , and peace-keeping capacity to support sustainable development , good governance , and regional collaboration on the continent .
But where the problem affects much else , and where the region is close to home , we should have a policy that consists of more than waiting to agree with whatever America decides that its policy should be , as , for example , in the Middle East .
We should not , however , allow this sentiment to turn into an all-purpose rant against personal wealth . Sometimes its owners use it in hugely generous amounts for great public gain .
Americans , too , Chinese officials should remember , have `` face '' that they do not wish to lose .
As someone who believes that China 's rise should be good for the world , I hope that Deng 's wise advice will be heeded by those Chinese officials who seem to think that this is a good moment to start stamping their feet .
In India , by contrast , even when you might think that government should be expected to deliver more , expectations are not high .
If Clegg 's job is almost impossible , Cameron 's job is also much harder than it should be because the British electoral system is tilted heavily against the Conservatives . The more Labour-oriented parts of the United Kingdom -- Wales , Scotland , and urban England -- are over-represented .
We should be on the lookout for political fireworks over the next few years in many European countries as people are forced to confront some uncomfortable verities .
But the coalition negotiated by David Cameron 's Conservatives with the third-place Liberal Democrats -LRB- which should give the government a comfortable majority in Parliament -RRB- is not so novel as some people think .
Cameron and Clegg have agreed , in a constitutional innovation , that the coalition should last the full five years until the deadline for the next election .
The Conservatives have agreed to hold a referendum on whether Britain should change its first-past-the-post electoral system to an alternative-vote arrangement .
So , presumably , should the American companies like Transocean and Halliburton , which were part of this doomed enterprise .
But we should n't allow American politicians who do not even possess passports to write us off with the same patronizing sneer that some Europeans used to reserve for President George W. Bush 's administration and policies .
Those who argue that there is a humanitarian crisis in Gaza should not compare the situation with Ethiopia or Sudan in the middle of a drought or a war .
With the changes in the import controls on Gaza -- there is now a list of what can not be taken in , rather than of what can -- more goods should arrive .
The world -- starting with the US administration and the European Union -- should tell that to Israel .
Voters should be treated as equals , and politicians should not talk down to them .
Where can and should religion and ethics contribute to our political discourse ?
And what are the big problems today that should cause us to lose sleep ?
Likewise , there are hard-line Jews , such as the settler groups who drive Palestinians from their homes in East Jerusalem and Hebron , who have forgotten the early teachings of Jewish scholars who argued that strangers should be treated like your own people .
Palestine from the Jordan River to the coast should be handed to Israel so that the world can end with a cataclysmic Christian triumph .
For a happier New Year , we should listen to the core messages of all these great religions , above all the Confucian golden rule that we should never do to others what we would not like to be done to us .
What religion should teach us is not how to hate , but -- to borrow again from Confucius -- how to develop societies that look after and welcome the poor , the stranger , and the oppressed .
On the security front , China should show that it shares the nervousness in America , Europe , and the Middle East about the nuclear ambitions of North Korea and Iran .
Iran 's oil and gas should not blind China to the dangers to its neighborhood and the entire world if the Islamic Republic develops a nuclear weapon .
More immediately , we in the West should avoid the conceit that we were somehow the heroic behind-the-scenes progenitors of fundamental change in Tunisia and Egypt .
Instead of talking a great game about democracy -- for which we would earn Arabs ' justified contempt -- we should offer with humility and generosity practical assistance in managing the change to more open societies .
We should also understand that the climate has changed in regard to the `` non-process '' that has failed so lamentably to deliver Middle East peace .
We should also avoid the cheap political trick of holding down what we pay to poor farmers in order to benefit poor city dwellers .
The best way to deal with the problem is to subsidize food for the poor ; we should not cut the price we pay farmers for growing it .
The reason we should take more notice of his departure is not what his absence will make possible , but what will remain absolutely the same .
Europe should get more seriously involved , even at the risk of occasionally irritating America , which may be less likely to happen once the Bush administration is history .
For a start , we should recognize that there will be no political settlement in Palestine without including Hamas .
Is Europe serious that a shared concept of human rights should be one of the foundations of our Mediterranean partnership ?
Second , it is McCain whom the Democrats should attack .
It is McCain 's views on the economy and foreign policy , not Palin 's on Darwin and the wickedness of sex education , which should be the targets .
What is imperative is that this should not be impeded by a return to protectionism .
A new American president would do well to remember the disastrous consequences of protectionism in the 1920 's and 1930 's . President Herbert Hoover 's failures should be a sanguinary lesson .
We all look to the next US president to re-engage with the world community and international organizations , accepting that even a superpower should accept the rules that apply to others .
Ahead of that , a new president should unleash America 's creative potential in boosting energy efficiency and developing clean technologies .
But at least we should aim to agree on the process that will move world-wide discussions in the right direction and , as part of that , America should aim to engage Europe , China , and India , in particular , on technological developments like clean coal .
The US should focus more attention on China , without ever pretending that China 's record on human rights can be swept under the carpet .
Effective surveillance of climate conditions and of the emergence or resurgence of infectious diseases -LRB- or their carriers -RRB- should be a global priority , as should providing preventive measures and treatments to at-risk populations .
The fishing industry is , on its own , incapable of reversing the `` fishing down '' trend , notwithstanding arguments by commentators who should know better .
But , too often in Africa 's history , money that should have financed productive investment has been looted or squandered .
Second , a substantial share of the revenues should be invested in assets rather than used to boost consumption .
Finally , revenues should be open to public scrutiny and their efficient use , both for investment and consumption , must be ensured by institutional mechanisms that impose clear accountability on public officials .
If the G-20 is to be effective as a development instrument , it should begin to tackle the single most important financial flow that Africa and other low-income regions will attract in this new decade .
The French president spoke of `` infantilism '' on the part of the candidate countries and said that they should have consulted first with the EU or else remained silent .
Small states in the middle of Europe that have been victims of aggression throughout their history should not be blamed for believing that the US remains the only real guarantor of their security .
Nor should France and Germany regard support for the US in the candidate countries as tantamount to approval of a war against Iraq or any other country .
If those countries have been egoistic in the past fourteen years , why should candidates believe they would not misuse new decision-making mechanisms to the detriment of small countries -- hence the opposition of some candidate countries to creating the post of a European president .
Then again , given Europe 's experience with revolution -- in both the East and the West -- perhaps that apathy should be welcomed .
But important differences between Russia , Serbia , and Romania should be noted .
For example , the Czech Civic Democratic Party , heavily influenced by Czech President Vaclav Klaus , describes Poland as the Czech Republic 's chief ally and an example of how new members should approach the EU .
The situation could become even more complicated , because some leaders in the Czech Republic , Hungary , and Slovakia would like to join the `` hard core '' of European integration should some European states one day decide to create a two-speed Europe .
Why should this historic event cause such political upheaval ?
The political right in Hungary , Poland , and the Czech Republic warned against a possible loss of sovereignty should the Constitution be adopted .
But caution is in order , and the political elites of big national states , in particular , should ponder whether they are not overplaying their hands once again .
But it should be a nightmare scenario for all European states .
Perhaps those in the West should listen more to their new partners .
But they should think again .
Today , when governments and companies in Europe are opening their arms to foreign investors , Chinese companies eager for markets , technologies , and diversification should find rich pickings .
The EU should make it clear to Hamas that the Union is not going to finance terror and is not going to finance a refusal to make peace .
Banks ' balance sheets are systemically dangerous when bloated by leverage , and it is this that regulatory or fiscal policy should address through liquidity buffers and leverage ratios .
Big banks like the idea that regulation should care less about banks ' size and more about their riskiness , and so champion a `` risk-sensitive '' approach -- not least because they have the bigger risk-management operations and databases , so risk-sensitive regulation is more onerous for their smaller competitors .
What policymakers should therefore be looking for is regulation that makes the financial system less sensitive to error in markets ' estimation of risk , not more so .
These trends imply an increased probability that the market is underestimating risk , so systemic risk regulators should raise minimum capital requirements as soon as they spot them .
But , aside from its revival , the Quartet should also widen its mandate to deal not only with the Israeli-Palestinian problem , but also with the Israeli-Syrian and Israeli-Lebanese conflicts .
Second , a `` goal map '' should replace the Quartet 's largely outdated `` road map , '' and should state the basic legitimate interests of the parties to the conflict .
The Quartet should consult with the individual parties and to specify them further .
They should also make clear that no regional deal can be made at the expense of Lebanon 's sovereignty .
First , it should be based on a broad international consensus .
Second , it should clearly communicate that the issue is proliferation , not the nature of the Iranian regime .
Third , any further sanctions should be accompanied by an earnest offer of dialogue and engagement .
Europeans should now be confident enough to call for a common policy with the US that focuses on domestic developments in Iran .
Both the EU and the US should be prepared to enter into direct , comprehensive , and unconditional negotiations with Iran .
But this should be the result of , not a precondition for , negotiations .
The US , indeed , should be prepared to eventually give such guarantees if it wants Iran to stop the more suspicious parts of its nuclear program .
Iran 's leaders should begin by shunning hostile rhetoric .
If true , Iran should realize that violent statements on sensitive issues will set back any serious attempt to get a dialogue going .
It should accept the concerns of its neighbors , seek to develop its own ideas for regional confidence - and security building , and participate in efforts to create regional security arrangements .
It should also positively respond to offers from the US to establish confidence-building measures between the two countries ' military forces , particularly their navies .
As to the nuclear issue , Iran should try to switch from the language of `` inalienable rights '' to one of pragmatic solutions .
The 5 +1 , for their part , should indicate that an eventual agreement on the basis of `` minimum enrichment and maximum controls '' is possible .
Obviously , cooperation agreements and private investment in this sector should be encouraged .
New EU programs should mainly aim at strengthening the specific capacities of Tunisia , Egypt , and others , and seek opportunities that benefit both sides of the Mediterranean .
As a practical step , the EU and its member states should offer 30,000 visas and work permits annually for graduates from participating Mediterranean countries .
It would be a real incentive to finish one 's university education -LRB- indeed , it should be augmented by investment in vocational schools , technical high-schools , and universities in North Africa and the Middle East -RRB- .
Their special needs should be taken into account in any new EU approach , giving them hope while mitigating the fallout from Kosovo .
What should have been a mere extension of the millennia-old art of building pedestrian bridges , proved to be a modern engineering embarrassment .
The Road to Prosperity and Sound Markets BERLIN -- The near global financial meltdown and ensuing downturns left the Anglo-Saxon nations pondering what they should do both to set their economies on a path toward recovery and to avoid a similar crisis in the future .
This framework provides a rationale for policy intervention in asset markets , and also has important implications for how regulators should measure and manage systemic financial risk .
This is precisely why Europe should be debating about the Continent 's real problems , not locking their economies into corporatism by enshrining the `` social market economy '' into the emerging EU constitution .
Leaving aside the cost in terms of human lives , the economic costs of maintaining peace are but a fraction of what would be required for humanitarian assistance , military intervention , and peacekeeping operations should the country relapse into conflict .
This policy has often led to programs that countries do not want and to employment of foreign experts for tasks that nationals could and should have performed .
Which brings me to the paradox of ignorance in our era : on the one hand , we are constantly bombarded by expert opinion , by all sorts of people -- with or without Ph.D. after their name -- who tell us exactly what to think -LRB- though rarely why we should think it -RRB- .
For the 10,000 bird species , there should only be one extinction in each century .
Before European exploration , the Polynesian expansion across the Pacific probably exterminated species at the rate of one every year or two , which is 50 to 100 times more extinctions than should occur naturally .
Of course , this is a dream that has been extraordinarily elusive in our first 200 years of independence . So why should now be different ?
Third , `` we should not play God . '' But if God gave us brains , it was so that we should use them to ensure a balance between people and nature to help eliminate hunger and protect the environment .
If so , they should choose an issue for their campaign that would be less damaging to the poor and hungry in developing countries .
This should not , of course , be taken to mean that the patriots gushing over Lugovoi 's achievement concede the justice of the British allegations .
While Beijing\/Shenyang exercise should have indicated to Russian leaders that China 's intentions toward Russia may not always be benign , Russia 's political and military leadership seem not to sense any threat ; on the contrary , they continue to sell the Chinese advanced weapons .
China is militarily self-sufficient and needs military cooperation under the SCO framework only in order to free its hands if any conflict should arise that affects its interests .
The remaining Russian lands would then have no other choice but to attach themselves to Ukraine , which should by then have become a successful member of the European Union .
It would not be difficult for them to convince ordinary Russians , who have already been primed by today 's xenophobic propaganda , that Tbilisi , Sevastopol , Astana , and Tallinn belong to Russia and should be taken by force .
Western countries should write off half a trillion dollars ' worth of debt owed to them by the Russian state corporations run by his pals from the Dresden KGB and the Ozero dacha cooperative .
It should surprise no one that the Chechens , and other peoples of the Caucasus , do not feel very Russian .
Given the morality of federal forces -LRB- or the lack thereof -RRB- , Medvedev should have understood that such rhetoric could result only in a significant increase in brutality and extrajudicial killings all over the North Caucasus .
As the push to transplant legal norms grows , international agencies should focus on helping countries make their laws effective in practice , not just on paper .
They should improve access to information about how legal systems and laws actually function in their home jurisdictions .
And if the global financial crisis has taught us anything , it is this : when you do not understand a financial product , you should not buy it .
So , should Europe embrace fiscal federalism in order to strengthen the eurozone and restore investor confidence ?
Instead , it is claimed , eurozone members should have been allowed to default .
None of this means that banks should be granted a regulatory holiday and forget the need to recapitalize . But it does suggest , first , that timing matters .
Policymakers should be wary of imposing a regulatory shock simultaneously with a fiscal shock .
But that does n't mean that reform should not be as cost-effective as possible .
Given this mission , it would seem that the IMF should help extract concessions from China and the rest of the world should declare a truce .
The Fund should propose a conceptual framework for the discussions to be held on exchange-rate problems by providing an objective assessment of the adjustments that are needed , and by facilitating settlement within the multilateral framework .
The goal should be to make self-insurance unnecessary by guaranteeing access to international credit lines in case of abrupt outflows of private capital .
As a potential model to be followed , Europe should look at the so-called `` affirmative action '' policies that America enacted to provide opportunities to blacks .
Such programs are often viewed as contradicting a basic American value , namely that admissions , lending , and hiring decisions should be based on the merits of the individual , not group distinctions .
Tony Blair , who in July was faced with the shortcomings of integration in the UK , should take advantage of the country 's current presidency of the European Union to make affirmative action programs the top priority at next month 's summit of European government leaders in Brussels .
In the short term , however , financing should not be a problem : foreign-exchange reserves have reached more than $ 250 billion ; foreign direct investment , which has fallen elsewhere , still looks promising .
Capital adequacy and liquidity risks should be assessed on a group level , rather than country by country ; how capital and risks are divided between countries is less important .
What role should central banks and national treasuries play in a cross-border European banking collapse ?
We should begin our reforms in the most conservative way , by rediscovering and rededicating ourselves to the meaning of the title we professors hold .
Morale among professors in science will remain low until they decide that their strongest feelings , as well as their best data , should determine professional behavior and professional status .
Perhaps the Royal Household itself should be tasked with filing such charges .
The ASEAN framework acts as a safety net and mutual commercial interests should ultimately prevail .
But sporadic shooting and verbal antagonism between the two sides will continue , as Thailand 's powers-that-be close ranks in a right-wing turn towards the symbols and institutions of royalism , entangling Hun Sen , who should have stayed on the sidelines , in the endgame unfolding in Bangkok .
This should not be a surprise , because the tumultuous Gorbachev and Yeltsin eras left the country exhausted .
The first question that any would-be Russian reformer should ask nowadays -LRB- and which we did not ask during Gorbachev 's perestroika -RRB- is the following , is society prepared to endure the short-term pains of reforms , and how willing it is to endure the pain ?
Perestroika was different , because debate had not ended ; indeed , countless debates were raging about what Gorbachev should do .
But we simply do n't know what should replace things that are eliminated .
In reality , what Russia need are powerful independent social and political organizations that would say : in any presidential term the following things should be done to steer policy , thus making the question of who is president secondary .
The risk may be slight , but if the consequences should it materialize are great enough , the expected cost of disaster may be sufficient to warrant defensive measures .
It seems improbable that such enterprises should exist in Bolivia , a fragile democracy , and the hemisphere 's poorest place next to Haiti .
Tuto warns that , should Evo win , he might consolidate a Latin American axis-of-evil connecting a leftist Bolivia with Fidel Castro 's Cuba and Hugo Chávez 's Venezuela .
Regardless of who comes to power , the West should channel a larger portion of the billions of dollars in development aid each year , including the newly approved $ 535 million for the country from the UN 's Millennium Challenge Account , to foster a local spirit of natural capitalism instead of providing charity .
Economists argue that should the current trickle of 350,000 visitors each year grow to a quite reasonable million , every Bolivian would be employed .
The basic idea is that , when comparing incomes across countries , variations in purchasing power should be taken into account .
Helping to reduce the appalling consequences of world poverty should be part of that reassessment .
While attempts to stir up hatred against adherents of a religion , or to incite violence against them , may legitimately be suppressed , criticism of religion as such should not be .
A free society should be open to discussing such a claim .
Irrespective of the merits of PETA 's campaign , however , those who stood up for free speech at the UN Human Rights Council should be able to see that the fact that some forms of speech cause offense is not sufficient reason to censor them .
If , on the other hand , a religion 's adherents have no right to protection against criticism of their religion , then , even in Germany , Holocaust victims and their descendants -LRB- I am one -RRB- should not be protected against advertising campaigns that , though not intended to incite hatred or violence , may cause them offense .
That is a moving experience , but what should we learn from it ?
For the true believers in this creed , the suggestion that the manager of a business should strive for anything except maximizing value for shareholders is heresy .
When should we forgive or show mercy to wrongdoers ?
Why , they ask , should we show compassion to him ?
We can reasonably disagree with MacAskill 's decision , but we should acknowledge that -- unless there is more going on than appears on the surface -- he was motivated by some of the finest values we are capable of exercising .
Captain Ernest Medina , his commanding officer , ordered him to burn the village down and pollute its wells , but there is no clear evidence that the order included killing non-combatants -- and of course if such an order were issued , it should not have been obeyed . -LRB- Medina was acquitted of murder . -RRB-
The name comes from the number of parts per million of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere that , according to Jim Hansen , perhaps the world 's leading climate scientist , we should not exceed if we are to avoid potentially catastrophic climate change .
The `` Rational '' Suicide Bomber Hamas 's surprise victory in the Palestinian parliamentary election has made the question of who is a terrorist , and how terrorism should be tackled , more urgent than ever .
But this does not mean that they should be dealt with in the same way .
Governments in Europe and elsewhere should therefore consider carefully what other forces will be at work if and when migrant workers are sent home .
So they should weigh tax breaks that might entice employers to keep migrant workers on the payrolls , as this would probably be a much more efficient way to support these poor countries .
But the fight against terror and its financing means that governments and financial institutions have extensive data on the cross-border flow of money , which should be used to help people send money to their relatives more easily .
The sheer size of these remittances , and their importance in keeping many millions of people above the poverty line , suggests that rich-country governments should take a careful look at the existing system .
Such a review of remittances should look into restrictive practices that could be abolished , and ask whether official assistance should be adapted to the needs of this informal yet crucially important aid network .
What should these be ?
We should not forswear that option , but we ought to consider others , not least because the Security Council - whose backing will be politically if not legally crucial - may never support invasion .
However , independence for regulatory agencies should not mean the absence of any democratic oversight whatsoever .
The trend in many countries towards unification of supervisory functions should be regarded as a golden opportunity to strengthen as well as to harmonize regulatory arrangements throughout their financial sectors .
Georgia should adopt the Singaporean model and create a small , professional , and -LRB- relatively -RRB- well-paid administration .
This support should be conditioned on demonstrated progress .
What liberals should do in these circumstances is obvious : support Putin 's regime insofar as it maintains the foundation and institutions of a liberal order .
In the medium term , over-spenders should trim their outlays and habitual exporters should increase theirs .
Nevertheless , before rushing to judgment about current policy , we should recognize the trend in recent US recoveries of slow job growth .
Regardless of what the right explanation is , the history of recent recessions suggests that we should not be surprised that the job recovery is taking time .
Policymakers should remember that the housing boom was fueled by easy monetary policy , which sought to expand job growth as the US recovered from the last recession .
If not , what should the world do to reduce the need for them ?
The key point is that fundamental economic decisions should not be affected by the ownership of additional foreign oil assets .
But neither the G-20 nor the IMF can impose its will on national governments -- nor should they .
The IMF 's expression of its economic views to local publics should then be protected by international agreement , much like embassies and their activities .
If we can make these changes -- and one should not minimize the scale of the task -- perhaps when G-20 leaders meet in the future , they will not think that their citizens have little interest in the outcome .
The question is not whether Europe should move toward a market-based financial system . The real question is whether Europe retains the political will to continue to do so , and whether EU countries can strengthen the institutions necessary to reap the full benefits of financial markets .
But it should maintain a clear division of power between local and central authorities at all levels to maintain strong competition and a healthy diversity of interests .
So , if oil substitutes are not easily available , modern societies should focus on the sources of demand , most of which is attributable to the transport sector .
Indeed , human travel in general should become increasingly limited to tourism and pleasure trips .
This requires a lifestyle change -- one that governments should begin encouraging employers and workers to embrace .
So , if Israel can not guarantee the plant 's defense against attack , it should close it .
Given the historic targeting of atomic installations , planners should consider whether providing adversaries with radiological targets far larger than Dimona makes sense .
The result , even if new START is ratified , should satisfy no one .
While the revelation may appear merely to be a historical footnote , more profoundly it raises new uncertainty about whether Israel now thinks that it can rely on the United States to apply military force to stop Iran 's nuclear program should diplomacy fail .
Concerned that President Barack Obama will be less likely than Bush to use force to stop Iran , Israel must now contemplate its next steps should diplomacy continue to stall .
These sobering prospects should prompt all involved to seek a peaceful resolution .
This suggests that the US should seek out an overarching strategy to discipline its impulses to fight wars of choice or engage in nation-building efforts .
The initial phase of this grand ambition , a free-trade area -LRB- FTA -RRB- between ASEAN and China , began in 2004 and should be completed by 2010 .
As regional neighbors and partners , we should exploit the convergence of interests that the US , Japan , China , India , Russia , ASEAN , Canada , a unified , nuclear weapon-free Korea , Pakistan , Australia-New Zealand , and others share -- just as Western European exploited the Cold War stalemate between the US and the Soviet Union to consolidate and expand the EU .
The constitution is open to interpretation , and he argues that Fretilin , which won the largest share of the vote -LRB- 29 % -RRB- , should have been asked first to form a government -- even a minority one .
That should stand as a warning to Timor Leste 's clashing factions , lest any of them conclude that repression and dictatorship are the best solution .
The country 's mushrooming instability has triggered a bitter debate in the United States about the long-term viability of Musharraf 's military-backed government and whether US financial support for Pakistan should continue .
His death should serve as a warning to all Southeast Asian governments : we must fight Al Qaeda together , or we shall lose to them separately .
But the future of security in the Pacific should not be left to US decision-makers alone .
Understandably , the opposition Democratic Progressive Party -LRB- DPP -RRB- has taken the stand that Taiwan should seek closer ties with ASEAN countries rather than depend too much on Mainland China , but Ma does not see the two efforts as being mutually exclusive .
APEC members , too , should use the existing umbrella of Pax Americana to accelerate economic , security , and political integration before new rivalries emerge to thwart their efforts .
The new Asia-Pacific security architecture should emanate from cooperation based not on a `` balance of power '' but on burden-sharing to bring about a `` balance of mutual benefit . ''
Asia 's governments must also begin to adhere to a far more expansive idea of open regionalism , which means that countries like India should have a voice in Asia\/Pacific affairs , and they must respect the Asian interests of countries beyond the region .
The US , for example , should be made welcome to participate -- or continue to participate -- in peacekeeping and security cooperation .
Most countries now agree that global warming should be stopped at a maximum of two degrees centigrade .
In other words , we should leverage imbalances of one kind to redress imbalances of the other kind . ''
As we head into the second decade of the century , innovative ideas like using global savings or surpluses to finance infrastructure in emerging and developing countries should be pursued seriously .
Is there really that much reason why the Scots and Welsh should be part of the same national state as the English ?
If , however , Europeans gain a sense of where they should be going , perhaps in time the national identities forged in the last couple of hundred years -LRB- for they are not much older than that -RRB- will become like the appendix - a part of the human body responsible for little else but an occasional inflammation .
The Intergovernmental Conference should therefore not re-open the main political compromises of the Convention .
Like the Italian President , we believe the negotiations should focus mainly on the central institutional questions .
The heaviest portfolios should be shared among a number of commissioners , one of them responsible for coordination .
The Council Presidency , in my view , should remain embedded in the member states .
Therefore , I believe that we should modernize the present rotating Presidency .
Ultimately , private funds should be regulated globally .
More broadly , the growth of FTA 's undermines the central principle of the multilateral trading system : trade opportunities should be offered to all countries equally .
What , concretely , should be done in order to restart the negotiations ?
Meanwhile , there should be no backsliding on the progress already made , such as the offer to eliminate agricultural export subsidies by 2013 and to provide duty-free\/quota-free access for almost all exports from least developed countries .
First , it affirms that surveillance should focus on what matters for stability , and gives detailed guidance in this area .
IMF advice should not be spread too thin .
Second , there is now clear advice to the Fund 's member countries on how they should run their exchange rate policies , and on what is acceptable to the international community .
Finally , the reform sets out clearly for the first time what is expected of surveillance , and so should promote candor and evenhanded treatment of every country .
By clarifying what surveillance entails , the new decision should help the IMF and its members see eye to eye on the Fund 's role , help those involved in surveillance do their job properly , and make the Fund more accountable for delivering on this key responsibility .
That is where the debate should now turn .
Mental health services should offer something more than having our feelings chemically suppressed , or having our children 's difficulties sitting still controlled by amphetamines -LRB- which , apart from teaching children that problems are best solved with drugs , stunt growth by an average of one centimeter per year -RRB- .
This division of labor between the System-I and System-II mechanisms would work well were it not for the fact that our lazy and cheap decision-making mode tends to take over in situations that should command our fullest attention : choosing a pension plan or a health care scheme , for example .
Nudges should be so chosen as to prod us toward those choices that we ourselves would make , if we would only sit down and think carefully about the matter at hand .
The top priority should be a coordinated effort by Europe , the United States , and the other G-8 +5 countries to build demonstration plants to develop carbon capture and storage -LRB- CCS -RRB- technology .
These policies should allow Colombia 's economy to grow -- barely -- this year , but only as long as the world economy begins to stabilize before the end of the first quarter .
If so , the outlook for Colombia is more favorable in 2010 and 2011 , when growth should be close to 3 % , thanks to inflows of foreign investment , improvements in security , and a better business environment .
LOS ANGELES -- How should large-scale systemic failures of a country 's financial system be addressed ?
But that does not mean that we should bail out individual banks .
When US housing prices fell , some of these players should have gone bankrupt .
As Simon Johnson suggests in his book 13 Bankers , we should break up the mega-banks into smaller parts that can comfortably be allowed to fail .
Central banks should put a floor under the value of a country 's banking system by committing to buy shares in an index fund of bank stocks at a predetermined price .
Confidence is a self-fulfilling prophecy , and we can , and should , manage it by direct intervention in asset markets .
The issue should be deferred again .
The experience of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia -LRB- ICTY -RRB- , which also addressed genocide , crimes against humanity , and war crimes , should sound a cautionary note for ICC members as they debate whether to add the crime of aggression to their jurisdiction .
They should wait at least until the Court is more established institutionally and a broader consensus emerges on the relevant issues .
Indeed , the fetishization of any document has a religious cast that should make any thinking person skeptical .
The law should be no more immune to critical examination than any other creed .
The guerrillas are led to the wall , and , just as the soldiers are raising their guns to their shoulders , one insurgent shouts , `` Down with liberty ! ''
But , as they rail against the failure of the West to take action , they should remember why such action is impossible .
In practical terms , whereas the Red Cross and Doctors Without Borders believe in neutrality and remain skeptical of the motives of outside states that might intervene , Kouchner 's view is that humanitarian action should be understood as part of what the Canadian writer-politician Michael Ignatieff calls a `` revolution of concern . ''
There should be no surprise in any of this .
Nor should Asia draw a false sense of security from all the hype currently being accorded to the hopes and dreams of a so-called `` two-speed world . ''
It should start by looking in the mirror .
According to OECD estimates , another 316 million people should move from the countryside to China 's cities over the next 20 years .
Failure to do so , in the view of Goldstone 's commission , should result in the Security Council referring the matter to the prosecutor for the International Criminal Court in The Hague .
Public powers should not depend or refer to any religious authority .
All candidates should be known by the end of January -- the deadline for printing the ballots .
Gordon Brown 's slump in the United Kingdom ; the brutal shock of Spain 's economic downturn ; the difficulties of renewing Socialist leadership in France ; the collapse of the center-left coalition in Italy ; and severe infighting within Germany 's SPD : all point to social democracy 's seeming inability to seize the opportunity -- which the current financial crisis should present -- to exert greater influence .
This should be the task for social democrats -- but that is where the shoe pinches .
Moreover , there is nothing in economic theory that should have made economic technocrats think that Anglo-American institutions of corporate governance or `` flexible labor markets , '' to pick just two examples , produce unambiguously superior economic performance when compared to German-style insider control or institutionalized labor markets .
For example , the principle that property rights should be protected implies very little about the best way to achieve this under a society 's existing institutional preconditions .
Similarly , the principle that private incentives should be aligned with social costs and benefits hardly results in unconditional support for policies of trade liberalization , deregulation , and privatization .
We must take full account of predicates , conditionals , and contingencies in order to specify more completely which countries should adopt what policies .
The next time around , trade talks should take up the two most glaring omissions to date :
That is a question all of us should consider .
So what should policymakers do ?
The central bank does need to have a view , updated over time , about the exchange rate 's appropriate range , and it should signal when it thinks the currency is moving in the wrong direction .
Today , the question is no longer , `` Are you for or against globalization ? '' The question is , `` What should the rules of globalization be ? ''
But should it have become the primary preoccupation of the World Trade Organization ?
Some of these countries should have known better and might have protected themselves sooner .
Naked self-interest should persuade the advanced countries as well .
So when the G-20 countries meet in Washington on November 15 for their crisis summit , this is the agenda item that should dominate their discussion .
So , what should they seek ?
First , they should push for new rules that make financial crises less likely and their consequences less severe .
So , instead of frowning on capital controls and pushing for financial openness , the International Monetary Fund should be in the business of actively helping countries implement such policies . It should also enlarge its emergency credit lines to act more as a lender of last resort to developing nations hit by financial whiplash .
Developing nations should also push for a Tobin tax -- a tax on global foreign currency transactions .
Developing nations should argue that recognizing these economic and political realities makes the global trade regime not weaker and more susceptible to protectionism , but healthier and more sustainable .
Capital-exporting developing nations should be willing to accept greater transparency in the operation of sovereign wealth funds and pledge not to use them for political purposes .
The largest developing nations -- China , India , and Russia -- will need to shoulder some of the burden of reducing greenhouse-gas emissions .
Developing countries should say no to obvious trade protectionism , but they should be willing to negotiate to avoid regulatory races to the bottom in such areas as labor standards or corporate taxation .
Germany has dragged its feet on fiscal stimulus , stymieing what should have been the second leg of a globally coordinated fiscal action plan .
If Europe wants to pull its weight on the global stage , it will have to act with greater unity of purpose and shoulder a greater share of responsibility .
It should have focused its efforts on monitoring and implementing the G-20 's commitment not to raise trade barriers .
When economists disagree , the world gets exposed to legitimate differences of views on how the economy operates . It is when they agree too much that the public should beware .
But we should not lose sleep over them , because they are flawed and ultimately unsustainable .
What should be of greater concern is the potential plight of countries in the last group .
We can start with a simple principle : We should strive not for maximum openness in trade and finance , but for levels of openness that leave ample room for the pursuit of domestic social and economic objectives in rich and poor countries alike .
Similarly , healthy and sustainable globalization should not impose a straitjacket of common rules on everyone .
What should the minister do ?
Or throw him out , on the principle that government should not be handing out favors to business ?
Public officials should hold private interests at arm 's length and never cozy up to them .
Because investment and job creation ensure economic prosperity , the objective of government policy should be to make producers happy .
For textbook liberals , the state should have kept its distance , acting purely as Platonic guardians of consumer sovereignty .
Taking direct aim at Obama 's proposals , he argued that reform of the global financial system should not be driven by what each country sees fit for itself .
The last big idea the Basel committee had was that large banks should calibrate their capital requirement based on their own internal risk models .
Bankers and their economist allies may rue this , but it is as it should be .
If the US wants to place size limits and tighter capital requirements on banks , it should be free to do so .
If Europe wants to devise its own rules for credit-rating agencies and hedge funds , it should simply go ahead .
If they really could n't care less , then they should n't care at all .
With the stigma on capital controls gone , the IMF should now get to work on developing guidelines on what kind of controls work best and under what circumstances .
The real question about industrial policy is not whether it should be practiced , but how .
For the true up-and-coming economic superpowers , we should turn instead to countries like Brazil , India , and South Africa , which have already accomplished their democratic transitions and are unlikely to regress .
If so , the referendum 's outcome should convince Erdo?an that the balance of power in the country has changed for good , and that the days of strong-arm tactics by the secular establishment are gone forever .
It is admitting , in an underhanded manner , that its repeated assertions about the benefits of globalization do not carry direct implications for how trade policy should be conducted in developing countries .
We should just be happy that some degree of realism is returning to the World Bank 's discussion of globalization .
Neither should we be .
It should have been expected that the political side of the equation would take time to fall into place .
I was first briefed by a former Monitor Company employee , who gently intimated that I should not to expect too much .
Or to pose the question more broadly , is it so clear that advisers should always steer clear of dictatorial regimes ?
Often , leaders seek the engagement only to legitimize their rule , in which case the foreign adviser should simply stay away .
Even then , he should be aware that there is a degree of moral complicity involved .
In theory , these plant workers should have found alternative sources of employment .
A second factor should also make owners want to stay close to the firm if labor is politically strong .
Making finance work should boost economic development significantly .
We should be examining how to make derivatives and repo investors assume the full risk of their decisions when dealing with systemically vital financial institutions .
If a shareholder dislikes , say , how GM 's directors are running the company -LRB- and , in the 1980 's and 1990 's , they were running it into the ground -RRB- , she is free to nominate new directors , but she must pay their hefty elections costs , and should expect that no one , particularly not GM , will ever reimburse her .
The clearinghouse also enhances transparency , because it can report its aggregate exposures to the regulator , who is better positioned to regulate a central clearinghouse than to regulate many opaque banks . This , too , this should strengthen the financial system .
Yes , clearinghouses offer many benefits , including greater transparency , better pricing , and better regulatory focus , and we should try to make them viable .
In particular , should governments , especially those that are endlessly building up dollar reserves , instead start thinking about how to build up their roads , bridges , ports , electric grids , and other infrastructure ?
Economic gurus at places like the World Bank have developed a ridiculously long list of steps that countries should take to raise their growth rates -LRB- the so-called `` extended Washington Consensus '' -RRB- .
That should get a conversation going !
In case you are worried that the Bond-Tatiana affair would spark too many off-color remarks from the collective eminences , the presence of German Chancellor Angela Merkel should keep things under control .
So non-Americans should be more appreciative of America 's deficits .
Developing countries ask why they should pay attention to global warming if rich countries are not prepared to curtail their own emissions sharply ?
Why should poor countries worry about how deforestation contributes to global warming when rich countries remain so profligate ?
US Treasury secretaries have always loved to lecture their foreign colleagues on America 's economic perfection , and why every country should seek to emulate it .
In the absence of better mechanisms for capital allocation , global growth in this century will slow down a lot sooner than it should .
Rodrigo de Rato , Zoellick 's counterpart at the European-dominated International Monetary Fund , has already suggested that his successor should be chosen in a more inclusive process .
The World Bank should be ashamed that its president has not yet offered a similar proposal .
Second , Zoellick should ask why the Bank spends only 2.5 % of its budget on the `` knowledge bank '' research function that it trumpets so proudly in its external relations materials , while it spends three times that amount on maintaining its executive board .
Third , Zoellick should use his formidable negotiating skills to cajole rich countries into greatly increasing the grant component of World Bank aid .
But all this knowledge should n't be free .
Instead of merely pushing its agenda , the Bank should start charging for its technical advice on a graduated scale so that more of its engagements are client-driven .
As an academic , Bernanke argued that central banks should be wary of second-guessing massive global securities markets .
They should ignore fluctuations in equity and housing prices , unless there is clear and compelling evidence of dangerous feedback into output and inflation .
I foresee a series of interest rate cuts by the Fed , which should not be viewed as a concession to asset markets , but rather as recognition that the real economy needs help .
Even without any portfolio shift , Americans should n't expect their recent luck to hold up in the future .
The US should do the same .
Yes , the IMF ought to develop a voluntary code of conduct for SWF 's , but it should not be used as a weapon to enforce financial protectionism .
America should start to listen before it is too late .
So now rich countries want to feel magnanimous for `` forgiving '' debts that should have been given as outright grants in the first place .
The United Nations Development Program has championed the position that all countries should get significant aid , regardless of how they are governed , on the grounds that thousands of children die every day and there is no room for sanctimonious extremism .
Maybe they , too , should try holding a few conferences in Zimbabwe , and get a reality check of their own .
CAMBRIDGE -- As the world 's financial leaders meet in Washington this month at the World Bank-International Monetary Fund annual meeting , perhaps they should be glad there is no clear alternative to the dollar as the global currency standard .
As central bankers and finance ministers ponder how to intervene to prop up the dollar , they should also start thinking about what to do when the time comes to pull the plug .
Instead of promoting dollar pegs , as Paulson is , the US should be supporting the International Monetary Fund 's behind-the-scenes efforts to promote de-linking of oil currencies and the dollar .
But the US should be far more worried about promoting faster adjustment of its still-gaping trade deficit , which in many ways lies at the root of the recent sub-prime mortgage crisis .
But for the financial community , pioneering formulas that paved the way for modern hedging strategies should get just as much credit for the passing period of rapid global growth as cell phones , computers , and the Internet .
Why , then , should ordinary taxpayers foot the bill to bail out the financial industry ?
If sovereign wealth funds want to enter and keep capital-starved firms afloat in hopes of a big rebound , they should be allowed to do so .
But they should realize that large foreign shareholders in financial firms may be far less effective than locals in coaxing central banks to extend massive , no-strings-attached credit lines .
I am not suggesting that the government should sit on its hands .
World leaders should be happy that the IMF stands ready to take the lead in the next phase of the global financial crisis , even if its lending resources of approximately $ 250 billion are inadequate to stem the current run on emerging markets .
Rather , the Fund 's role , even in the current crisis , should be sharpened as an interlocutor between lenders and developing country borrowers , rather than simply as a replacement for all other loan sources .
Rich country governments , led by central banks , should provide the large scale funding needed to stem the run on developing country finances .
The Fund 's main role should be in monitoring .
So what should world leaders do with the IMF ? In the short run , the IMF could help coordinate additional loans from countries such as the US , Japan , and China , to help maintain economic and political stability in the developing world .
Yes , in principle , there should be a way to fix the ills of the financial system without resort to inflation .
Historical statistical relationships are perhaps cold comfort in a downturn that now seems so insidiously different from previous catastrophes . But they should not be dismissed .
A number of academic economists say we should simply tough it out as we did back then .
Both of these measures should help a lot in bringing the US and Chinese trade balances toward more sustainable levels .
If reform resumes , there is no reason why Europe should not enjoy a decade of per capita income growth at least as high as that of the US .
No matter how badly it mismanages its business -- Lehman essentially transformed itself into a real estate holding company totally dependent on a continuing US housing bubble -- the creditors of a big financial institution should always get repaid . Otherwise , confidence in the system will be undermined , and chaos will break loose .
The right lesson from Lehman should be that the global financial system needs major changes in regulation and governance .
With the United States government staring at the long-term costs of the financial bailout , as well as inexorably rising entitlement costs , should n't the Chinese worry about a repeat of Europe 's experience from the 1970 's ?
Perhaps the Chinese should not worry .
Most should be able to grow strongly , despite the challenging global environment .
And even if regulators take their time to try to get it right , as most of us think they should , the world may have to live with weak credit expansion as banks hold back , awaiting a clearer verdict on their future .
While the Dubai case is not different , it is special , so the effect on investor confidence should remain contained for now .
In chess magazines , one often sees comments from top players such as `` My silicon friend says I should have moved my King instead of my Queen , but I still think I played the best ` human ' move . ''
Indeed , what a country like Greece should be doing is pulling out all the stops to stay clear of the first and second wave of restructurings and IMF programs .
Certainly , the hyperbole is overblown ; the Chinese , especially , should be so lucky .
But nor should apologists for deficits point to Japan as reason to be calm about outsized stimulus packages .
Why should a country choose to default as long as there are rich benefactors willing to lend money to preserve an illusion of normalcy ? Bond markets are easily lulled .
Why should they change systems that proved so resilient ?
If ever there were a wake-up call for Western society to rethink its dependence on ever-accelerating technological innovation for ever-expanding fuel consumption , surely the BP oil spill should be it .
Even China , with its `` boom now , deal with the environment later '' strategy should be taking a hard look at the Gulf of Mexico .
You can tell Americans and Europeans that they should rejoice over the boundless cheap goods and cheap credit that trade with Asia has supplied . But all their politicians seem to worry about is how some farmer or textile worker may lose their job .
These craftsmen do n't want to be told that they should start retraining as tour guides to service the inevitable horde of middle-income Chinese tourists , as that country takes over high-end light manufacturing like tailoring .
Yes , the culprits should be punished , both to maintain citizens ' belief that justice prevails , and to make other oil producers think twice about taking outsized risks .
Why should there be any reason for hope , especially given that US environmental policy has been predicated on the unrealistic belief that relatively small subsidies to new energy technologies can substitute for tax-induced price incentives for producers and consumers ?
Those who believe -- often with quasi-religious conviction -- that we need even more Keynesian fiscal stimulus , and should ignore government debt , seem to me to be panicking .
Those who think that the government should take up the slack in private spending point out that there is an abundance of growth-enhancing projects -- a point that should be obvious to anyone familiar with America 's fraying infrastructure .
Lastly , extending unemployment insurance in the wake of a once-in-a-half-century crisis should be a no-brainer .
There are surely many useful activities for the government to undertake in a market economy , but a frenzied orgy of stimulus spending is not conducive to rational discussion of what they should be .
Even so , the fact that very high inflation is possible does not make it probable , so one should be cautious in arguing that higher gold prices are being driven by inflation expectations .
CAMBRIDGE -- G-20 leaders who scoff at the United States ' proposal for numerical trade-balance limits should know that they are playing with fire .
In light of America 's current difficulties , its new proposal for addressing the perennial problem of global imbalances should be seen as a constructive gesture .
Germany might rightly argue that it has followed a relatively laissez-faire attitude towards trade , and that it should not be punished , despite its chronic surpluses .
All should be eliminated .
Europe 's debt problems should , in fact , still be quite manageable -- provided the requisite write-downs and debt restructurings are implemented .
Thus , normal re-equilibration to `` purchasing power parity '' should give the dollar slight upward momentum .
So observers should not just be asking how far similar events will spread across the region ; they should be asking themselves what kind of changes might be coming at home in the face of similar , if not quite so extreme , economic pressures .
The cult of the `` Greenspan put '' stemmed from the previous Fed chairman 's avowed belief that the Fed should not try to resist a sharply rising stock market , except to the extent that such a market undermines the long-term stability of prices for ordinary goods .
But if the stock market collapses too quickly , the Fed should worry about a recession and react aggressively to cushion the fall .
European officials ' incensed reaction -- the banks are fine , they insist , and need only liquidity support -- should serve to buttress the Fund 's determination to be sensible about Europe .
Evidently , investors were supposed to infer that for all practical purposes they should think of Spanish and German debt as identical -- the old hubris of the eurozone .
But the financial crisis should have reminded everyone that the distinction between advanced economies and emerging markets is not a bright red line .
Anyone looking closely at Europe 's complex options for extricating itself from its debt straightjacket should realize that political constraints will be a huge obstacle no matter which route Europe takes .
Now that the Fund has squarely acknowledged the huge capital holes in many European banks , it should start pressing forcefully for a comprehensive and credible solution to the eurozone debt crisis , a solution that will involve either partial breakup of the eurozone or fundamental constitutional reform .
Of course , taxation of financial firms ' profits and bonuses should be made more similar to that of other economic activities .
I can think of one very good reason why the euro needs to fall , and six not-so-convincing reasons why it should remain stable or appreciate .
On the question of Iran 's nuclear weapons capability , Americans and Europeans also fundamentally agree : it should be prevented .
It would be more productive for the US to join in , at the same time agreeing with Europeans on measures to be taken should their combined efforts fail .
Sarkozy correctly assumed that managers of publicly-traded firms , much like politicians , are public figures who should be held to a minimum ethical standard of behavior .
Preserving the democratic life of the EU and its member states implies a duty -- which should be enshrined in the treaty -- to uphold standards of official behavior that today 's citizens demand .
In theory , the Philippine authorities should have exercised their regulatory oversight with far more diligence . Instead , Manila port officials and the Philippine coast guard permitted the Princess of the Stars to set sail , despite clear warnings by the weather bureau that the ship was headed for the eye of the typhoon .
Given the gravity of the accusations , and the abundance of evidence against him , Ríos Montt should be on his way to prison .
According to Robert Gibbs , Obama 's press spokesman , and Brazilian authorities , Obama said he had no objections whatsoever to Lula talking to Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . But Obama suggested using the weight of commercial relations between the two countries to tell the Iranian leader that he should follow Brazil 's example -LRB- in Brazil , the ban on nuclear energy for military purposes is enshrined in the Constitution -RRB- .
Even so , Lula insisted that he should change his attitude .
It harms no one , and should not be penalized .
However , the possibility that rapid growth might generate higher inflation in fast-growing accession countries suggests that a slight increase in the permitted inflation margin - to , say , 2.5 percentage points - should be allowed .
Security assurances should also comprise confidence-building measures , along with conventional and nuclear arms control and disarmament .
Russia , therefore , should apply two fundamental principles that it has already accepted in several declarations .
American security analyst Charles Kupchan raised a pertinent question when he asked whether Russia should eventually join the Atlantic alliance , pointing out that the settlements concluded after the Napoleonic wars and World War II show that alliances between former adversaries can be critical to the consolidation of great-power peace .
The old way of negotiating -- via proposals and counterproposals , with Russia and NATO perceiving each other as adversaries -- should be abandoned .
What role should the alliance play in the future ?
What kind of relations should NATO have with its partners ?
Indeed , the world should expect a near recession in Russia and Brazil in 2009 , owing to low commodity prices , and a sharp slowdown in China and India that will be the equivalent of a hard landing -LRB- growth well below potential -RRB- for these countries .
The role that high oil prices played in the summer of 2008 in tipping the global economy into recession should not be underestimated .
Nor is it clear why investors should stock up on gold if the global economy dips into recession again and concerns about a near depression and rampant deflation rise sharply .
If you truly fear a global economic meltdown , you should stock up on guns , canned food , and other commodities that you can actually use in your log cabin .
So what should policymakers do ?
First , in countries where early fiscal austerity is necessary to prevent a fiscal crisis , monetary policy should be much easier -- via lower policy rates and more quantitative easing -- to compensate for the recessionary and deflationary effects of fiscal tightening .
In general , near-zero policy rates should be maintained in most advanced economies to support the economic recovery .
Second , countries where bond-market vigilantes have not yet awakened -- the US , the UK , and Japan -- should maintain their fiscal stimulus while designing credible fiscal consolidation plans to be implemented later over the medium term .
Third , over-saving countries like China and emerging Asia , Germany , and Japan should implement policies that reduce their savings and current-account surpluses .
Specifically , China and emerging Asia should implement reforms that reduce the need for precautionary savings and let their currencies appreciate ; Germany should maintain its fiscal stimulus and extend it into 2011 , rather than starting its ill-conceived fiscal austerity now ; and Japan should pursue measures to reduce its current-account surplus and stimulate real incomes and consumption .
Fourth , countries with current-account surpluses should let their undervalued currencies appreciate , while the ECB should follow an easier monetary policy that accommodates a gradual further weakening of the euro to restore competiveness and growth in the eurozone .
Fifth , in countries where private-sector deleveraging is very rapid via a fall in private consumption and private investment , the fiscal stimulus should be maintained and extended , as long as financial markets do not perceive those deficits as unsustainable .
Sixth , while regulatory reform that increases the liquidity and capital ratios for financial institutions is necessary , those higher ratios should be phased in gradually to prevent a further worsening of the credit crunch .
Seventh , in countries where private and public debt levels are unsustainable -- household debt in countries where the housing boom has gone bust and debts of governments , like Greece 's , that suffer from insolvency rather than just illiquidity -- liabilities should be restructured and reduced to prevent a severe debt deflation and contraction of spending .
Finally , the International Monetary Fund , the European Union , and other multilateral institutions should provide generous lender-of-last-resort support in order to prevent a severe deflationary recession in countries that need private and public deleveraging .
In general , deleveraging by households , governments , and financial institutions should be gradual -- and supported by currency weakening -- if we are to avoid a double-dip recession and a worsening of deflation .
Countries that can still afford fiscal stimulus and need to reduce their savings and increase spending should contribute to the global current-account adjustment -- via currency adjustments and expenditure increases -- in order to prevent a global shortage of aggregate demand .
If an institution is too big to fail , it is too big and should be broken up .
To mitigate the effects of a US recession and global economic slump , the Fed and other central banks should be cutting rates much more aggressively , rather than relying on modest liquidity injections that are bound to fail .
Central banks should have announced a coordinated 50 basis-point reduction to signal their seriousness about avoiding a global hard landing .
This should be aimed at restraining excessive credit growth , which the monetary growth that follows currency intervention would otherwise cause .
Of course , currency appreciation should not be prevented altogether .
When justified by economic fundamentals , the exchange rate should be allowed to rise gradually .
But when a currency 's appreciation is triggered by capital inflows that represent the asset-diversification preferences of advanced-economy investors , it can and should be resisted .
To avoid a persistent and destructive recession , the fiscal and structural reforms imposed by the bond vigilantes should be accompanied by other euro-zone policies that restore growth and prevent vicious debt dynamics .
The European Central Bank should ease monetary policy in order to weaken the value of the euro and bootstrap the periphery 's growth .
And Germany should cut taxes temporarily -- rather than raising taxes , as planned -- in order to increase disposable income and stimulate German demand for the periphery 's goods and services .
If orderly treatment of unsecured senior creditors requires a new cross-border regime to close down insolvent European banks , such a regime should be implemented without delay .
Instead of focusing on securing a soft landing today , Chinese policymakers should be worrying about the brick wall that economic growth may hit in the second half of the quinquennium .
Policymakers should also consider innovations used to help debt-burdened developing countries in the 1980 's and 1990 's .
The eurozone should also pursue a policy -- partially via looser monetary policy -- that weakens the value of the euro significantly and restores the periphery 's competitiveness .
And Germany should delay its austerity plan , as the last thing that the eurozone needs is a massive fiscal drag .
So , if countries in the eurozone 's periphery are forced to undertake fiscal austerity , countries able to provide short-term stimulus should do so and postpone their own austerity efforts .
Infrastructure banks that finance needed public infrastructure should be created as well .
The European Central Bank should reverse its mistaken decision to hike interest rates .
Third , to restore credit growth , eurozone banks and banking systems that are under-capitalized should be strengthened with public financing in a European Union-wide program .
To avoid an additional credit crunch as banks deleverage , banks should be given some short-term forbearance on capital and liquidity requirements .
Eighth , emerging-market economies have more policy tools left than advanced economies do , and they should ease monetary and fiscal policy .
And countries , like China , that rely excessively on net exports for growth should accelerate reforms , including more rapid currency appreciation , in order to boost domestic demand and consumption .
There was also excess in the securitized products that converted these debts into toxic financial derivatives ; in borrowing by local governments ; in financing for leveraged buyouts that should never have occurred ; in corporate bonds that will now suffer massive losses in a surge of defaults ; in the dangerous and unregulated credit default swap market .
As the world concentrates on the war in Iraq , it should keep a watchful eye on India , suggests the novelist Arundhati Roy , because a form of Hindu fascism is growing ever stronger in the subcontinent .
After enormous difficulties , uncertainties , and constant attempts to derail the process , Venezuelans will vote on August 15th to decide whether President Hugo Chávez should be recalled and new presidential elections held .
Reforestation and the repair of natural ecosystems should also be part of a land use policy .
5 . A new CAP should include a policy to safeguard Europe 's landscapes .
But a cultural heritage should not be maintained everywhere , nor should it ignore cost .
And it should not be a defensive policy of the sort that tends to concentrate on poor-quality land .
If developing countries are left to their own devices , they will conclude that they should self-insure by rebuilding foreign-exchange reserves to even higher levels , a strategy that has clearly hurt global growth .
Initially , the group should only exert peer pressure on its members to comply with international responsibilities .
First , the frequency of meetings should be increased , especially in times of crisis , and the level of a few of these meetings enhanced .
Second , the IMF 's permanent Executive Board , established in an era when travel was costly and communications difficult , and consisting of mid-level government functionaries , should be abolished .
Important decisions should be vetted by the IMFC and others delegated to IMF management .
Industrial countries should be happy that developing countries would take greater responsibility for global economic outcomes , rather than simply sulking about their lack of voice and representation .
As questions continue to mount concerning the true rationale behind the Iraq war , we should avoid only looking backwards .
If the necessary institutions remain unavailable , then at the least an investigative commission should be created to establish an evidentiary record while this is still possible .
When the ICTY closes its doors , where should its unfinished cases go ?
The ICTY 's responsibility should be to forge and disseminate a record that limits the possibility of historical denial .
They should never be confident that they can live scot-free .
Senior American officials , including Paul Wolfowitz , later President of the World Bank , argued that the Iraqi people should not be saddled with obligations that the dictator contracted in order to enrich himself and oppress his subjects .
This responsibility can not be absolute or unlimited , however , and should be confined to situations where lenders were aware -LRB- or should have been aware -RRB- that the funds might be used for corrupt or oppressive ends .
Instead , an independent commission should be established to examine the previous regime 's foreign-borrowing policy , its objectives and effects , and what lenders knew -LRB- or could reasonably be assumed to have known -RRB- about those objectives and effects .
Such a commission should be composed largely of nationals who have broad public credibility , perhaps with a minority delegation of foreign experts .
Its mandate should be not only to allocate responsibility for past decisions , but also to forge recommendations for transparent , accountable borrowing in the future .
On the basis of such a commission 's findings , the new government should engage in discussions with its official creditors , including the international financial institutions .
If creditors turn a blind eye to corruption and oppression , they should have to pay a price .
But this latest intervention exemplifies the doctrine that he set out in his Nobel acceptance speech in 2009 . `` Those regimes that break the rules must be held accountable , '' and so should their leaders , who are `` sworn to protect and defend . ''
More than this can not -- and should not -- be expected .
No one should underestimate Hamas 's extremism .
Those truly concerned with the Palestinians ' well-being should direct their criticism at that people 's leaders and seek to protect their human rights in the Gaza Strip .
But , whereas Abbas appointed Salam Fayyad , a veteran economist who is respected in the West , as his new prime minister , he probably should have picked someone capable of being tough , organizing his forces , and fighting back .
Logically , Fatah should now embrace moderation , crack down on cross-border terrorism , and seek some kind of peace with Israel .
Israel 's survival and right to self-defense now has to be supported internationally , and the slander and demonization of recent years should come to an end .
Moreover , the popular appeal of radical religion , ideology , and misinformation should not be underestimated .
For example , one final exam is built around having students use Islamic texts to write an essay showing that non-Muslims living under Muslim rule should be treated fairly .
With the collapse of the strategy 's most basic premises , what should Israel do ?
The report begins by joking that Egypt 's name should be changed to `` Fasadistan , '' the land of corruption .
Instead , the new US administration should help to create a broad multilateral framework for the region , one aimed at building a genuine consensus on the goal of achieving Afghan stability by addressing the legitimate sources of Pakistan 's insecurity while strengthening opposition to disruptive Pakistani behavior .
Indeed , economic theory suggests that the interest-rate differential should be offset on average by depreciation of the currency with the higher interest rate , the differential thus reflecting the compensation required by investors to hold money in relatively risky currencies .
In his book River out of Eden , he writes , `` The universe we observe has precisely the properties we should expect if there is , at bottom , no design , no purpose , no evil and no good , nothing but blind , pitiless indifference . ''
It is not wild-eyed extremism to insist that every conversation with an African leader should discuss what they are doing to win the battle against HIV\/AIDS .
Not only is US aid a tiny fraction of what it should be , but American explanations for the lack of aid are wrong .
Good governance surely will help in Africa and elsewhere , but corruption should not be used as an excuse not to help Africa .
Rich countries should help African farmers use improved seed varieties , more fertilizer , and better water management , such as small-scale irrigation .
The first goal should be to distribute long-lasting insecticide-treated bed nets to all of Africa 's rural poor within four years .
The US should leave Iraq quickly .
After that , it can and should use its political and economic weight to help manage a complex and difficult situation that is significantly , though not exclusively , of its own making .
Second , and simultaneously , donors should help impoverished countries to invest in roads , ports , rural electricity , and diversified production -LRB- both agricultural and non-agricultural -RRB- , in order to promote higher productivity and alternative livelihoods in the longer term .
Donors should lend their support by backing long-term solutions aimed at increasing food production , slowing population growth , and mitigating long-term global climate change .
Governments should be taking some basic steps .
First , they should be making careful assessments of the specific kinds of risks their countries face , including risks from epidemics , climate change , extreme weather events , and earthquakes .
We should be uncompromising , therefore , in our defense of civil liberties .
The rich world should offer impoverished regions like sub-Saharan Africa more economic support to break out of poverty .
Of course , aid should be directed to specific needs -- for example , malaria control , food production , safe drinking water , and sanitation -- whose fulfillment can be measured and monitored to resist corruption .
A newly elected Palestinian government should be treated , at least initially , with legitimacy .
An aid cutoff should be a policy of last resort , not a first strike .
None of this is to suggest that the US and Europe should abide every move by every corrupt dictator .
The overwhelming standard for supplying official development assistance should therefore be whether official assistance actually promotes economic development .
If development aid can be directed to real needs , then it should be given to poor and unstable countries , knowing that it will save lives , improve economic performance , and thus also improve the long-term prospects for democracy and good governance .
Morales ' election in Bolivia -- where indigenous groups are estimated to comprise around 55 % of the population and mixed-race people account for another 30 % -- should be viewed against this historical backdrop .
Both sides should agree to the pre-1967 boundaries in principle , and then swap small land parcels and definitions of control -LRB- especially regarding Jerusalem -RRB- in slight and mutually convenient deviations from the 1967 boundaries .
In other words , quibbling over details should come after both sides agree on the principle of respect for the pre-1967 borders , which are recognized by key countries throughout the region and around the world , and are enshrined in numerous UN resolutions .
The US and other powerful outside parties should be pressing both sides to the focal point solution , not sitting on their hands as the violence spirals out of control .
In short , specific terrorist threats should be fought through narrowly targeted counter-terrorist operations , while moderates should undercut extremism through the politics of compromise rather than the false and dangerous delusions of military victory .
It is ironic that an administration fixated on the risks of Middle East oil has chosen to spend hundreds of billions -- potentially trillions -- of dollars to pursue unsuccessful military approaches to problems that can and should be solved at vastly lower cost , through R&D , regulation , and market incentives .
In fact , from 1992 to 2002 , the UN 's member governments signed a number of treaties and agreements that can and should provide the foundation for long-term global solutions .
He has made clear his intention that the UN should implement the commitments that the world community has made .
Since the economies of most impoverished post-conflict countries are based on agriculture , restarting farm output is vital . Impoverished farmers should receive a free package of seeds , fertilizers , and low-cost equipment -LRB- such as pumps for irrigation -RRB- .
Similar quick-impact measures should be undertaken to control disease .
All countries will have to shoulder their responsibilities to the rest of the world and to future generations .
Bottom trawling should simply be outlawed ; it would be simple and inexpensive to compensate the fishing industry during a transition to other activities .
Aside from banning bottom trawling and establishing a global fund for avoided deforestation , we should designate a global network of protected marine areas , in which fishing , boating , polluting , dredging , drilling , and other damaging activities would be prohibited .
Finally , the world should negotiate a new framework no later than 2010 to slow human-induced climate change .
Finally , recipient countries need to be informed about the year-to-year increases in aid that they can expect , so that they can plan ahead . The increased aid should be directed at building roads , power grids , schools , and clinics , and at training teachers , doctors , and community health workers .
The Wolfowitz debacle should be a wake-up call to the World Bank : it must no longer be controlled by ideology .
No Development , No Peace Anyone interested in peacemaking , poverty reduction , and Africa 's future should read the new United Nations Environment Program -LRB- UNEP -RRB- report Sudan : Post-Conflict Environmental Assessment .
The people of Darfur , Sudan 's government , and international development institutions should urgently search for common ground to find a path out of desperate violence through Darfur 's economic development , helped and supported by the outside world .
Social services , including health care and disease control , education , and adult literacy programs should also be promoted .
It is time to make good on a basic global commitment -- that everybody , poor and rich alike -- should have access to basic health services .
The world should respond in three ways .
First , we should take seriously the need for a new climate-change accord when global negotiations begin in Bali , Indonesia this December .
Second , we should initiate IPCC-like scientific processes for other global challenges , including the global loss of biodiversity , desertification , and over-fishing of the oceans .
To reach agreement by 2009 , we must move beyond current generalities by which rich and poor countries argue about who should be blamed for climate change and who should pay the costs .
In dismissing such a recount , Frazer told Kenyans that they should n't expect their vote to be tallied accurately , and that power can be seized or perhaps even negotiated in a backroom .
The international community should stop pushing for a backroom `` compromise '' that ignores the popular will .
Those who ignore voters should quickly learn that they have no place to hide .
The idea is that power plants and other large fossil fuel users should capture the CO2 and pump it into permanent underground storage sites , such as old oil fields .
Thus , technological developments should involve a collaborative international effort from the start .
And we will have to engage major companies in a new way , giving them ample incentives and market rewards for success , without allowing them to hold a monopoly on successful technologies that should be widely adopted .
Rich countries should fund these efforts heavily , and they should be carried out in collaboration with poor countries and the private sector .
The Fed should take care to prevent any breakdown of liquidity while keeping inflation under control and avoiding an unjustified taxpayer-financed bailout of risky bank loans .
Three objectives should be targeted : low-cost alternatives to fossil fuels , greater energy efficiency , and reduction of carbon-dioxide emissions .
For all of these promising technologies , governments should be investing in the science and high costs of early-stage testing .
Other low-income countries should follow suit .
Donor governments , including the oil-rich countries of the Middle East , should help finance the World Bank 's new efforts .
The world should set as a practical goal of doubling grain yields in low-income Africa and similar regions -LRB- such as Haiti -RRB- during the next five years .
The rich world should commit to financing a massive program of technology development -- renewable energy , fuel-efficient cars , and green buildings -- and to a program of technology transfer to developing countries .
Instead , they should be given clear authority and responsibilities , and then held accountable for their performance .
Starting in January 2009 with the new US president , politicians should take the best chance for their own political survival , and of course for their countries ' well-being , by reinvigorating global cooperation .
They should agree to address shared global goals , including the fight against poverty , hunger , and disease -LRB- the Millennium Development Goals -RRB- , as well as climate change and environmental destruction .
To achieve these goals , the G-8 should set clear timetables for action , and transparent agreements on how to fund it .
Backed by adequate funding , the world 's political leaders should turn to the expert scientific community and international organizations to help implement a truly global effort .
Rather than regarding the UN and its agencies as competitors or threats to national sovereignty , they should recognize that working with the UN agencies is in fact the only way to solve global problems , and therefore is the key to their own political survival .
They should now cut taxes , ease domestic credit conditions , and increase government investments in roads , power , and public housing .
Second , the decline in US consumption should also be partly offset by a rise in US investment .
The US auto industry should be re-tooled for low-carbon-emission automobiles , either plug-in hybrids or pure battery-operated vehicles .
At a time when the major infrastructure companies of the US , Europe , and Japan will have serious excess capacity , the World Bank , the European Investment Bank , the US Export-Import Bank , the African Development Bank , and other public investment funds should be financing large-scale infrastructure spending in Africa , to build roads , power plants , ports , and telecommunications systems .
Each should understand the basic directions of change that will be required at the national level and globally , and all nations must share in the deployment of new sustainable technologies and in the co-financing of global responsibilities , such as increased investments in African infrastructure .
In addition to direct help for small farms , donors should provide more help for the research and development needed to identify new high-yielding seed varieties , especially to breed plants that can withstand temporary flooding , excess nitrogen , salty soils , crop pests , and other challenges to sustainable food production .
The worldwide financial bubble can not and should not be recreated .
The leading economies -- especially the US , European Union , and Japan -- should establish new programs to finance infrastructure investments in low-income countries .
The new lending should be at least $ 100 billion per year , directed towards developing countries .
The G-20 should also increase the lending capacity of the World Bank , the African Development Bank , and other international financial institutions .
Japan , with a surplus of saving , a strong currency , massive foreign exchange reserves , and factories without domestic orders , should take the lead in providing this funding for infrastructure .
Viewed in this way , an essential policy that developed and developing countries should pursue in overcoming the crisis is to build infrastructure suitable for the twenty-first century .
Governments should thus strengthen their ministries of infrastructure -LRB- including power , roads , water and sanitation , and information and communication technologies -RRB- , as well as their national development banks , so that they can properly design long-term infrastructure projects and programs .
Developed countries should agree to channel considerable savings to developing countries to finance the scale-up of sustainable investments .
Both channels should be used .
It would also underscore a basic truth : the common challenge of sustainable development should unify a world divided by income , religion , and geography .
Before investing hundreds of billions of dollars more in failing military operations , the Obama administration should re-think its policy and lay out a viable strategy to US citizens and the world .
Each country asks itself , `` How do I do the least and get the other countries to do the most ? , '' when they should be asking instead , `` How do we cooperate to achieve our shared goals at minimum cost and maximum benefit ? ''
Where the benefits are unlikely to accrue to private investors , who should pay for the early demonstration models , which will require billions of dollars ?
The negotiations are mainly about which groups of countries should cut their emissions , by how much , how fast , and relative to which baseline year .
If donor governments really want results , they should take the money out of the hands of thirty or more separate aid bureaucracies and pool it in one or two places , the most logical being the World Bank in Washington and the International Fund for Agricultural Development -LRB- IFAD -RRB- in Rome .
The rich world should also provide the poorest countries with grants and low-interest loans to buy sustainable energy technologies , such as solar and geothermal power .
The politics of the US Senate should not obscure the larger point : America has acted irresponsibly since signing the climate treaty in 1992 .
Even coal-state senators should be ashamed .
Sure , their states need some extra help , but narrow interests should not be permitted to endanger our planet 's future .
But where should displaced people -- numbering hundreds of thousands , and perhaps more than a million -- live ?
How should they be provided with food , water , health care , and shelter ?
First , special efforts should be made to boost peasant agriculture and rural communities .
There should be one overarching framework .
There should be one major multi-donor bank account to finance the heavy outlays required for Haiti 's recovery .
There should be a highly professional executive team coordinating the international support efforts .
And all of this should be put in place very soon , while there is international interest .
It should work closely with a professional executive team made up of native and diaspora Haitian professionals with relevant expertise .
If experts can not agree that there is a climate crisis , why should governments spend billions of dollars to address it ?
The properly measured shortfall is even greater , because the promises that were made in 2005 should be adjusted for inflation .
First , the G-8 as a group should be brought to an end .
The G-20 , which includes developing countries as well as rich countries , should take over .
Second , any future promises made by the G-20 should be accompanied by a clear and transparent accounting of what each country will do , and when .
Every G-20 promise should spell out the specific actions and commitments of each country , as well as the overall promise of the group .
Third , the world 's leaders should recognize that commitments to fight poverty , hunger , disease , and climate change are life-and-death issues that require professional management for serious implementation .
There are several reasons for this , and we should understand them in order to break today 's deadlock .
The Obama administration should have tried -- and should still try -- an alternative approach .
Instead of negotiating with vested interests in the backrooms of the White House and Congress , Obama should present a coherent plan to the American people .
He should propose a sound strategy over the next 20 years for reducing America 's dependence on fossil fuels , converting to electric vehicles , and expanding non-carbon energy sources such as solar and wind power .
An already bad situation marked by deadlock and vitriol is likely to worsen , and the world should not expect much leadership from a bitterly divided United States .
Lyndon Johnson 's War on Poverty in the mid-1960 's reflected an era of national optimism and the belief that society should make collective efforts to solve common problems , such as poverty , pollution , and health care .
The world should beware .
And an excellent proposal to link the two agendas -- macroeconomics and development -- emerged from the summit , and should be implemented in 2011 .
In the run-up to the Seoul summit , the US government put forward a proposal that the surplus regions of the world should increase their domestic demand -- mainly consumption -- to boost imports and thereby help the deficit regions -LRB- including the US -RRB- to recover .
The US should cut its budget deficit , increase its saving rate , and generally get its own house in order .
Rather than pushing their households to consume more , the G-20 should work harder to channel these savings to the poorest countries in order to finance urgently needed investments in infrastructure .
He recommended that G-20 surpluses be recycled to those countries , and to other poor countries , to finance such investments . `` In other words , '' said Singh , `` we should leverage imbalances of one kind to redress imbalances of the other kind . ''
The problem is that more than half of such spending is on education , science and technology , and infrastructure -- the areas that Obama had just argued should be strengthened .
One budget area can and should be cut : military spending .
The countries of North Africa and the Middle East should learn from East Asia and Northern Europe , and take pains to avoid the failures of the US .
Middle Eastern countries should elaborate strategies to improve the quality and increase the length of schooling , invest in job training , establish private-sector apprenticeships , and develop small and medium-sized businesses . They should identify key infrastructure projects needed to ensure private-sector productivity .
This ill-gotten money should be recovered and put into a special fund for youth employment .
They , too , should create a special fund for youth employment in the region through the Islamic Development Bank .
Of course , this should occur in a context of cooperation across regions as well as within them .
The long-delayed vision of Arab economic unity should be returned to the table .
Israel , too , should recognize that its long-term security and prosperity will be enhanced as part of an economically stronger region .
Some of the greatest tensions in the world -- say India and Pakistan , or North and South Korea -- should be defused as part of region-wide strengthening .
Forty years ago , Bhutan 's fourth king , young and newly installed , made a remarkable choice : Bhutan should pursue `` gross national happiness '' rather than gross national product .
First , we should not denigrate the value of economic progress .
To be sure , we should support economic growth and development , but only in a broader context : one that promotes environmental sustainability and the values of compassion and honesty that are required for social trust .
The search for happiness should not be confined to the beautiful mountain kingdom of Bhutan .
Governments should promote high-quality education , to ensure that young people are prepared to face global competition .
They should raise productivity by building modern infrastructure and promoting science and technology .
And governments should cooperate globally to regulate those parts of the economy -- notably finance and the environment -- in which problems in one country can spill over to other parts of the world .
Of course , many other factors are at work , but television-driven social atomization should not be understated .
Thus , while many AIDS patients in rich countries are kept alive by these drugs , millions of people in poor countries are dying before they should , leaving behind misery , millions of orphans , and economic devastation .
In rich countries , patent protection should continue so that the pharmaceutical industry keeps innovating .
Indeed , rich countries should create a `` Global Health Fund '' to help less fortunate countries buy drugs and medical services to fight killer diseases like AIDS , tuberculosis , and malaria .
But rich-country voters may demand that drug prices for them should also fall .
Still , rich country drug purchasers , however , should not fear the worst : there is no reason to believe that the drug prices they pay would rise just because drug companies agree to lower prices in poor countries .
The next stage of reforms in Argentina , and in countries in similar positions , should focus on fostering society 's educational , scientific , and technological capacities .
With the Japanese economy in the doldrums , the yen should be much weaker , closer to 140 yen to the dollar rather than 120 .
? Financial market regulators should enforce stringent disclosure rules to prevent outright fraud , as well as booms and busts based on fads rather than data ;
? Financial intermediaries such as banks should be regulated to ensure that they can not gamble with their depositors ' funds ;
? The financial industry should adopt tougher codes of conduct to avoid conflicts of interest in financial advising ;
? The financial industry should overhaul its training so that analysts understand the economics of the markets in which they operate ;
Most importantly , policymakers should stop catering to the whims of short-term investors and should impose regulations that favor long-term investor relationships rather than volatile short-term capital flows .
America should look for diplomatic solutions to apprehend terrorists .
If the Taliban offers to surrender terrorists on evidence , it should be provided .
Security at nodes of commerce and travel should be enhanced .
In coordination with other countries aggressive actions should break down terrorist networks -- disrupting their finances , freedom of travel and shipments of weapons .
The US and Europe should insist OPEC avoid any disruptions in oil supplies or pricing .
OPEC governments , among the most vulnerable to this crisis , should readily accede to this kind of international commitment .
Military escort should be offered , where necessary , to ensure the security of global energy shipments .
With Japan already in recession , the Bank of Japan should take even more aggressive action , selling enough yen to prevent any further appreciation of the currency . -LRB- The yen should be weaker than 120 yen per dollar -RRB- .
A new trade round should be launched at the WTO Ministerial Meeting in November , signaling the intention of all members to persevere on the path of free trade .
World leaders should therefore send a resounding message to the US and to other rich countries .
Universities must be excellent , government laboratories should be world class , and government and industry should be investing heavily in research and development .
These examples should warn us away from three current tendencies .
America , Europe , and other democracies should not continue to do `` business as usual '' with Zimbabwe .
These accounts should be frozen , despite the difficulty in doing so in a world rife with secret banking and nominee accounts that disguise true ownership .
Mugabe 's phony elections , moreover , should go unrecognized , and Mugabe denied a welcome as a legitimate head of state in international gatherings .
The world community would agree that no individual should serve as the head of government -LRB- president , prime minister , or other equivalent position -RRB- for more than `` X '' years .
Mugabe 's challengers would have been given the upper hand in the political conflict , and it might have been taken for granted inside Zimbabwe and the SADC that Mugabe would not and should not contest this round of elections .
This can best be accomplished by dollarizing the economy , just as Argentina should have done last fall .
In addition , the international community should offer emergency funding to help provide deposit insurance for the banking system , thereby re-establishing a modicum of confidence in financial institutions .
International banks in Argentina should work with the Government to restore banking functions within days , not months .
Argentina should be given a year 's full suspension of payments on its foreign debts , to be followed by a deep reduction in overall indebtedness .
Only then should the Government pledge a responsible path of budget spending , but not extreme cuts .
But beyond the scandals , the public should be more aware of the erratic nature of today 's financial markets .
So what should be done ?
Clearly , the leading investment banks should become much more serious about training and licensing their analysts to provide knowledge rather than nonsense in their public pronouncements .
The responsible media should scrutinize economic trends critically , rather than pandering to mass opinion .
And academic economists should be more steadfast in explaining how financial market prices reflect fundamental economic values , even if this is not necessarily true in the short term .
Alas , Keynes stressed these same deficiencies long ago , so we should not expect any miraculous changes in behavior now .
My moderate optimism should not disguise my unhappiness at America 's poor economic management .
The Bush Administration 's reckless tax cuts and protectionist trade policies should be reversed .
The most important result of the Johannesburg Summit should be a recognition that more scientific research and much more global cooperation is needed .
we should insist that the world 's politicians recognize the overwhelming scientific evidence that points to the major environmental perils humanity faces ;
we should press these leaders to invest more public money in basic environmental research and in the development of new technologies to address environmental risks .
third , we should insist that our politicians agree to greater international environmental cooperation , lest the neglectful and shortsighted policies within each nation end up destroying the global ecosystem .
It should begin with the most urgent task - meeting the basic needs of the world 's poorest peoples .
Rather than castigating the poor for their `` sins , '' we should make careful diagnoses , as a good doctor would , for each country and region - to understand the fundamental factors that retard economic growth and development .
Designing such an international peacekeeping effort , one with the credibility and staying power , should now be a priority .
There is no easy answer , but to the extent that it is possible to weaken a government without weakening an economy , such steps should be taken .
Other leaders declared that the UN should not abandon its mission .
Rather than bolstering its military occupation , the US should leave Iraq , allowing the UN to continue its mission .
The UN should not be seen as part and parcel of the occupation . ''
The world 's answer should be an unequivocal `` No ! ''
The billions of dollars that the US seeks should be directed towards true global emergencies , such as the fight against AIDS and hunger .
Moreover , the US should stop wasting so much money on military spending and redirect its efforts towards the world 's poorest people .
That 's a financial effort that the world can and should join .
President Bush should be made to understand that the US will find no true international support if America speaks incessantly about terrorism while doing almost nothing about the problems that really affect most of the world : poverty , lack of access to safe water and sanitation , vulnerability to disease , and climate change .
But the world should not wait for the America to come to its senses .
Poor countries , especially the democracies of the developing world -- Brazil , South Africa , India , Mexico , Ghana , the Philippines -- should say , `` We need to act on the issues that concern us , not just on the issues that concern the US . ''
Our goals should be reliable supplies of energy that are environmentally safe at affordable prices .
First , we should recognize that even as oil becomes scarce , other fossil fuels such as coal , gas , and unconventional sources such as shale and tar sands , will remain plentiful for centuries .
We should aim to develop technologies and infrastructure so that these other fossil fuels can be used efficiently and safely .
But Israel , with its vastly stronger army , could and should have taken much wiser political decisions than occupying the West Bank with settlers .
The US strongly resisted the jurisdiction of the ICC , but American abuses at Abu Ghraib show why the US , should be subject to international law .
The rich world should not be grudging in its help to India .
World leaders should still gather to commemorate WWI , in the hope that they might learn enough to avoid repeating its disaster in our time .
The IMF should spend less time telling the poorest of the poor to cut their spending , and more time telling rich countries to give more money to help the poor meet their investment needs .
The US should be investing much more in peaceful economic development .
Germany , Japan , and several other rich countries are also doing much less than they should - and much less than they promised the poor countries that they would do .
After our report is issued in January , Secretary-General Kofi Annan will issue a report to the world in the spring , identifying the practical steps that should be taken this year .
The world 's poorest countries will ask themselves why they should vote for Germany and Japan to have permanent seats on the Security Council if they ca n't keep their promises .
Let us pledge that the rich and powerful should take real actions to help the poor , the weak , and the suffering .
The world should therefore start this bold effort by focusing on the poor countries that are relatively well governed and that are prepared to carry out needed investments in an efficient and fair manner .
Nor should they have to .
Help for poor countries in Africa and elsewhere to adapt to climate change should not be described as charity or aid , but rather as compensation for damages being imposed on the poorest people on the planet .
The commitment began 44 years ago , in 1961 , when the United Nations General Assembly adopted the objective that foreign assistance should increase significantly , `` so as to reach as soon as possible approximately 1 % of the combined national incomes of the economically advanced countries . ''
Instead of worrying that 70 cents per $ 100 is giving till it hurts , our slogan in the rich countries should be `` Giving Till it Heals . ''
After all , why should the central banks of China , Japan , South Korea , and other Asian countries accumulate vast holdings of US Treasury bills if the dollar is likely to lose value in the years ahead ?
The obvious lesson to be drawn from 1979 is that America unwisely rested its entire strategic relationship with Iran on the shoulders of an unpopular dictator .
Various opinion polls consistently show that a sizable minority of Pakistanis has a favorable view of Osama bin Laden , an unfavorable view of the US , and believe that implementing Islamic law -LRB- Sharia -RRB- should be a priority .
But they should learn from Iran 's revolution that their means of agitating for political reform are relevant to the political ends they hope to achieve .
There is a seemingly universal belief that America should absolutely refrain from military action , condemn the Islamic Republic 's human rights abuses , and express moral solidarity with the Iranian people .
At least in democratic societies , such policies should be accountable to the public , and the classification of diseases , since it serves many of the functions of public policy should be no different .
Classifying disease should reflect the best collaborations between science and politics .
Its leaders should focus on one key issue : managing Nigeria 's oil revenues .
At the earliest opportunity , Nigeria 's government should convene a conference of all national and regional leaders and secure agreement on a constitutional provision whereby each household would be guaranteed a share of oil revenues , with the amount determined by prevailing prices and quotas .
Oil revenues should be taken out of public hands to the greatest degree possible and handed over to the private sector .
Also , Nigerians need to decide whether all beneficiaries receive equal shares , or whether those who face the environmental consequences of oil exploration and production -- for example , in the Nigerian delta -- should receive more .
Another question is how much of the revenues should be transferred , and how transfers can be effected in a country as large , complex , and financially backward as Nigeria .
· First , districts should be drawn to ensure that all major communities in the country are amply represented in parliament and none feels left out ;
· Second , electoral districts should be multi-member districts and should , as far as is possible , include populations of more than one community in order to encourage cross-communal politics and the election of moderate politicians that can speak to all communities and that know how to resolve tensions among them .
This could be described as a temporary advisory parliament , or ` Shura Council , ' but it should include hundreds of figures from throughout the country and they should be selected through the Governing Council and interim Government after nationwide consultations .
It would also serve to create the beginnings of Iraqi parliamentary and local politics in advance of the elections , which should be held as soon as possible .
Even Bolivia 's government should not be regarded as a reincarnation of the continent 's old populism .
As the world watches Libya 's Muammar el-Qaddafi slaughter his own people , we should remember the human cost of international indifference .
Population may keep growing until mid-century , owing to rising longevity , but , reproductively speaking , our species should no longer be expanding .
Today , many former officials associated with those policies , such as Mushahid Hussain , a former information minister , concede that Pakistan should have contained militancy long ago .
For human rights activists , it is ironic that an elected -LRB- but basically military-led -RRB- government that they oppose in principle should be undertaking reforms they have long advocated , but that elected civilian governments ignored .
For example , all the Union 's future energy agreements should include an `` energy security clause '' that explicitly outlines a code of conduct and measures to be taken in the event of a supply disruption .
We should replace today 's energy unilateralism by member states with a new common energy policy based on solidarity .
The possible negative environmental consequences of that pipeline are of serious concern to all the citizens of the Baltic region and should be given due attention .
The EU should also negotiate a framework document in the context of the next Partnership and Cooperation Agreement negotiations in order to clarify the obligations contained in the Treaty , in particular its Transit Protocol .
Using oil or gas as a political weapon is easier said than done , of course , but this year 's renewal of the Russia-Ukraine gas dispute , and the resulting cut-off of supplies to much of the European Union , should concentrate minds on the EU 's need to disarm those who would use the energy weapon .
Some $ 100 billion should be invested in LNG over the next decade .
So leprosy should not be grounds for denying anyone the right to marry , or for divorce ; nor should it constitute grounds for separating a child from his or her parents .
In other words , people should not be discriminated against on the grounds of having or having had leprosy -- or , indeed , any disease .
As an American recipient of a kidney who was once desperate enough to consider doing that myself -LRB- fortunately , a friend ended up donating to me -RRB- , I agree wholeheartedly that we should offer well-informed individuals a reward if they are willing to save a stranger 's life .
Clearly , the playing field with MNEs should be leveled .
The result should be a contract that is as fair as possible under the given circumstances -- and perceived as such .
Basically , there are two situations that should qualify .
NEW YORK -- So far , discussions about whether or not China should revalue its currency , the renminbi , have focused almost exclusively on the impact of the currency 's exchange rate on China 's trade balance .
For their part , recipient countries should accept , rather than shun or discriminate against , China 's `` new kids on the block . ''
All developing countries should monitor these demographic developments closely , even if they have yet to experience population aging themselves .
Young nations such as Mexico and Turkey should be particularly careful , due to their strong economic ties with NAFTA and the EU , where the gradual aging of populations is well under way .
Nor should it seek to play into the regional agendas of Saudi Arabia , Egypt , and Jordan -- hardly paragons of democracy -- which are anxious to confront what they portray as a menacing `` arc '' of Shi'a Muslim power extending from Iran to Lebanon via Syria , and in Iraq .
The West should therefore be wary of dismissing the Lebanese opposition out of hand as the cat 's paw of Syria and Iran .
Rather , it should welcome proposals by Arab League mediators for immediate electoral reform and early parliamentary elections .
At the same time , it should expect the opposition to endorse the establishment of an international tribunal to adjudicate the matter of the assassination of former Prime Minister Rafiq Hariri , albeit after clarifying and narrowing the current excessively broad United Nations rules governing the investigation .
The West should also recognize that the constituencies of Hezbollah and its allied , largely Christian , Free Patriotic Movement , led by presidential contender Michel Aoun , will be hit hardest by many of Siniora 's proposed economic and administrative reforms , such as lifting fuel subsidies and sharply raising value added tax .
The Alliance can and should be the place to discuss and debate a broader range of political issues .
First of all , the debate about burden-sharing should not be reduced solely to today 's force levels in Afghanistan , because , however important these force levels are , they tell only part of the story .
But the range of initiatives now underway within NATO should help : transformation efforts to increase the pool of usable and deployable forces ; wider use of multinational initiatives ; greater reliance on common funding to assist force generation ; and a comprehensive approach for sharing burdens more equitably across the entire international community .
Watanabe tells us that the Committee concluded that , `` not only high-ranking government leaders , general , and admirals should shoulder the blame . '' According to the Committee , `` field officers were often more influential than even the Emperor , war ministers , and chiefs-of-staffs in making decisions to go to and escalate the wars , and were responsible for many atrocities . ''
Watanabe and Yomiuri Shimbun have provided a rare opportunity that should be seized for the greater good of China and Japan and the world .
Of course , it is always easier to export blame than to shoulder it .
But , as Mao always noted , theory should not be confused with practice , and the sustainability of such a model remains untested .
For a country steeped in millennia of Confucianism , the need for ethical leadership should be clear .
And since every economy is cyclical in nature , even some of China 's most ardent boosters are left to wonder what resources the Party and government will have to draw on , should growth rates drop , even to a respectable 3-4 % .
In an age when self-determination is a hallowed principle how is it possible that Taiwan - which has been part of China during only four of the last eleven decades , and has never been under the control of the People 's Republic of China - is shunned by every nation when it deigns to wonder aloud why it should not be allowed to go its own way ?
`` Anyone whose family members were unjustly killed should voice the same request . ''
Last , but not least , criteria have to be established to define when and to whom genetic testing should be offered .
In the end he should be measured by what he has accomplished rather than by personal foibles or flatness of style .
This does not mean that enlarging the EU 's competencies should be the aim at any cost .
In fact , the Constitutional Treaty defines more clearly which competencies should be shared between the EU and its member states , and how .
Differentiation should not mean division , but rather progress at variable speeds .
This anniversary should have provided ample reason for a heated debate about the successes and failures of German reunification and for offering a vision for Germany and Europe for the next 20 years .
Former German Chancellor Helmut Schmidt once quipped that politicians who have a vision should go and have their eyes checked .
A new Partnership and Cooperation Agreement -LRB- PCA -RRB- between the EU and the Russian Federation must be negotiated . Those negotiations should have begun seriously last year , but the war in Georgia intervened to put them on hold .
It should incorporate an investor code of ethics , as well as a formula for sharing the costs of implementing such standards among the state , foreign operators , and local sub-contractors .
An agreement should contain provisions to improve the business environment -- its transparency and predictability -- by setting a framework for state intervention without stripping government of its prerogatives .
This would reduce the probability of crises while putting in place mechanisms for cost-sharing should they occur .
Despite the complexity involved and the need for technical assistance to the weakest nations in the negotiation , a multilateral investment agreement should be among the top priorities on the international agenda .
As many now acknowledge , the IMF should look beyond managing financial crises and start addressing non-cooperative economic behaviors -- notably in the monetary field .
This does not mean that business as usual should be good enough for the World Bank .
The Bank should be able to work with them in the absence of sovereign guarantees , and increase its loan offerings in local currencies , since these partners can not afford currency risk .
Finally , as David de Ferranti , a former World Bank vice-president , has pointed out , the Bank should expand its intellectual partnerships and engage with the highly trained professionals , consulting firms , and research institutions that emerging countries now boast .
On the grounds that the environment in developing countries provides unique ecological services to the whole of mankind , some argue that their populations should not exploit the natural resources on their territories .
Because ideological clashes here seem to center around women 's bodies and clothes perhaps it is time we stopped asking `` how should an ideal Turkish woman look ? '' and start asking `` should there be an ideal woman Turkish woman at all ? ''
But that debate should not be allowed to mask the truth behind this treaty : the DR-CAFTA is more a pleading of special interests than a free-trade deal .
In both cases , the effective protection of human subjects should receive much higher priority , thereby justifying the modest added expense , which probably would amount to no more than 1-2 % of the overall cost of clinical studies .
If such research is truly to serve the public good , the safety , health , and dignity of human subjects should not be compromised .
That is the most pressing immediate question , but America 's leaders should also be thinking ahead .
Containment against Libya was not appeasement . It should have been the model in Iraq , as it now should be the model in Iran .
Kennan maintained that the US should work to create a world that no one can dominate , and that the best way to spread democracy is to demonstrate its superiority .
Why should n't Iraqis benefit from the proven experience of other peoples ?
Chen 's jail sentence should also serve to remind the DPP that it must become a party for all Taiwanese , `` local '' or not if it is to have any chance at a revival .
We should thank you instead .
Chen should have celebrated Taiwan 's `` Chineseness '' proudly and loudly , thereby distinguishing the island from the barbaric legacy of the Chinese Communist Party .
The successes of Hong Kong , Singapore , China , and South Korea should serve as a powerful reminder that Thailand has great potential , if only its elites would stop behaving like spoiled children playing a game at which only they are allowed to win .
Perhaps parents all over the world should re-examine their often obsessive craving for these `` name-brand '' universities , pushing their children as if an Ivy League degree was an end in itself .
As any seasoned banker knows , a well-managed bank should undertake internal `` stress tests '' regularly as a matter of good housekeeping .
The financial crisis should have mandated a running stress test to keep senior management up to date daily . Why , then , did the US need the government to conduct a financial exercise that bankers themselves could and should have done far better and faster ?
Intellectual property protection is related to economic development , so the question should be whether China has reached the stage at which effective protection is possible .
He probably should have asked more about spreading democracy in China , because he might have been surprised by what he heard .
Chinese officials hired Stanford University professor James Fishkin to draft a representative sample of citizens from Zeguo for an assembly using keypad polling devices and handheld computers to decide how the city should spend a $ 6 million public-works budget .
This should make them willing to offer such policies to millions of people in different localities .
As long as people remain under a relative `` veil of ignorance , '' in the sense that they do not yet know how they will personally be affected , they may find it easier to agree that progressive taxes should be used to subsidize low-wage earners .
In his 1945 book Science , the Endless Frontier , Bush argued that basic scientific research needs substantial and stable financial support ; that support should be potentially available to all researchers ; and that peer review should ultimately decide how and to whom funds are allocated .
Those who dispense money , he argued , should look only at new research ideas , not at the organizational charts of research institutions .
There can be no free market for basic science in the literal sense of the term . But the benefits of markets can and should be pursued by other means .
The traditional hostility between labor unions and the world of finance should not obscure their common interest in using financial tools in an expansive and creative way .
But they should make sure that such programs are administered in employees ' interest , because companies that encourage their employees to hold options or to invest directly in the company 's stock are asking them to take on some of the company 's risks .
This means that unions should not leave the complex financial problems of designing pensions entirely to governments .
Unions should instead negotiate with management the same way top executives do with their boards of directors when their complex compensation packages are worked out .
Labor unions should negotiate with management about providing appropriate risk management to their employees in financial forms : the right kinds of insurance , options , and other investments to protect them realistically without guaranteeing their employment and without jeopardizing the productivity of the firm .
So with inflation rates near their long-term lower bound , the expectation should be for higher , not lower , inflation rates over the longer term .
So why should bad policy by the Bank of Japan set the trend for world inflation rates ?
But the tools needed to hedge such risks should be made available to everyone .
For example , the derivative markets should create an environment that encourages insurers to develop home equity insurance , which insures homeowners not just against a bust but also against drops in the market value of the home .
Such insurance should be attractive to homeowners if it is offered as an add-on to their existing insurance policies .
Derivatives markets for real estate should also facilitate the creation of mortgage loans that help homeowners manage risks by , say , reducing the amount owed if a home 's value drops .
Such products should appeal to homebuyers when the mortgage is first issued .
Otherwise , people will build on flood plains in the belief that their government , or the governments of the world , will feel obligated to bail them out , thereby insuring , in effect , bad risks that should not be taken .
The insurance industry can , and should , respond to the tsunami disaster by accepting the moral imperative to take concerted action to expand risk coverage .
Trade flows may be driven substantially by longevity : countries expecting a relatively large number of elderly in the future should be running trade surpluses now and deficits later .
If everyone is affected by longevity risk in the same way , then no matter what the price of a longevity bond , everyone should logically want to be on the same side of the contracts -- all buyers at one price , all issuers at another .
In the United States , President George W. Bush 's Commission to Strengthen Social Security cited Siegel for its claim that the government should encourage people to invest in stocks .
But we should not make plans that rely on high returns , as many -LRB- including some governments -RRB- appear to be doing .
And if it will be worth an enormous amount in 10 or 20 years , then it should be worth a lot today , too , since real interest rates -- used to discount future values to today 's values -- are still low in China .
This can lead people to make serious mistakes , paying more for long-term assets than they should , even assuming that the economy will perform spectacularly well in the future .
But investors should be wary of this argument .
Even if we were to accept that real rates were genuinely very high in the mid-1980 's , then the logical conclusion would be that the stock and housing markets should have been even lower in the 1980 's , not that real prices should be very high in 2005 .
In short , we simply should n't read too much into the decline in real long-term interest rates over the last 20 years .
With fixed supply , rents on these properties should increase at a rate equal to or above the rate of GDP growth .
This is a real beginning , and we should encourage such contracts to grow in order to help billions of people hedge their inflation and deflation risks .
For years , I have been arguing that national governments should take some simple steps to reframe economic quantities and help the public overcome the money illusion .
This should help popularize indexed units of account , too , since computer technology can now handle all the calculations involved in translating them into currency .
Of course , this does not mean that we should ignore the past altogether .
They should be .
But they should also be supplemented by other devices .
This is not to say that wage insurance is a bad idea , or that it should not be implemented on a wider scale .
If these are sustained , Mexico should soon find itself on a solid upward path .
Why , Mexicans ask , should their country 's growth have been so disappointing-and this just as they were establishing free-market institutions , privatizing assets , and developing a more robust democracy ?
Indeed , while changes in fundamental perceptions may not occur easily or fast , they should never be ruled out .
And that should be truly inspirational .
If people believe that they will share in overall economic growth , they should be more likely to support social peace .
At stake with his comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty-first century economy . So we should think hard about what `` speculative capitalism '' means .
To be sure , Sarkozy is right to note the enormous risks that workers and their communities face in this rapidly globalizing world . But putting this problem center stage should not mean protecting existing jobs come what may .
We ought to prepare for the possibility of massive turmoil in our economies in coming years , even if we can not prove that it will happen , just as we should take steps against global warming , even if some scientists doubt that it is a problem .
According to Blinder , governments should encourage education for jobs that are harder to outsource overseas .
And governments should improve our information infrastructure , so that financial contracts can better capture the outcomes of economic risks .
So Sarkozy should n't be lashing out against `` speculative capitalism . '' On the contrary , he should be asking how capitalism can be developed even further , with new institutions in finance and insurance to deal with the very important problem that his campaign has highlighted .
Why should home values in glamour cities increase forever ?
This should blunt the macroeconomic impact of bursting bubbles .
This news should have been relevant only to China , but the drop there fueled declines worldwide .
One would think that market prices should be volatile as investors try to absorb what this earnings volatility means .
Maybe we should ask why the skew is so negative .
So , we should not slow down financial innovation in general .
Their per capita living standards should thus be substantially higher than in the US , where swarms of kids must be attended to and where new investments must be made just to keep the capital stock growing in step with a swelling population .
The booms in these markets can be traced substantially to the growth of the idea that one should always continually hold as many of these assets as possible , just as that you should drink green tea or eat dark chocolate every day for antioxidants .
Recession Insurance NEW HAVEN -- The Chief Economist of the International Monetary Fund , Olivier Blanchard , and several IMF economists have proposed in a recent paper that governments should offer what they call `` recession insurance . ''
The IMF authors are not saying that governments should do this with recession insurance , so perhaps they mean that governments would auction off the policies , which would create a market price .
We should not look askance at such a policy because of its potential shortfalls .
Many people all over the world seem to have thought that since we are running out of land in a rapidly growing world economy , the prices of houses and apartments should increase at huge rates .
But , to the extent that the products of land -LRB- food , timber , ethanol -RRB- are traded on world markets , the price of any particular kind of land should be roughly the same everywhere .
They think that arguments implying that home prices are higher in one country than another are also arguments that the rate of increase in those prices should be higher there .
This should be increasingly true as high-rise condominiums become more common .
This should put a break on long-run escalation of home prices .
The matter was made worse by the fact that one-click shopping seemed to be an `` obvious '' idea that should n't have been granted a patent in the first place .
It should be a top priority for policymakers to ensure that patent offices have the financial and human resources needed to grant business-method patents judiciously , and that they do not award patents to obvious or merely incremental ideas .
Among its proposals , The Squam Lake Report : Fixing the Financial System recommends that investment products like mutual funds should include a standardized disclosure label analogous to the nutritional labels on foods .
The structure of the label should be developed by a committee of academics , regulators , and industry executives with the objective of promoting informed comparison among consumers of investment products .
The group recommends that the standardized disclosure should give the consumer an understandable measure of long-term risk .
The standardized disclosure label should not , however , include past returns on investments .
Moreover , The Squam Lake Report recommends that when an advertisement for an investment product does report a prior average return , it should also include a statement of the uncertainty associated with that return .
Public outcry at a time of scandal forced progressive change then ; we should hope that it does so now .
And yet , although these central banks failed us before the crisis , they should still play the lead role in preventing the next crisis .
This model suggested that a market economy should be left alone as much as possible , so that is what governments tended to do .
Surely , governments ' levels of long-term investment in infrastructure , education , and research should be much higher now than they were five or ten years ago , when long-term real interest rates were roughly twice as high .
It is strange that so many governments are now emphasizing fiscal consolidation , when they should be increasing their borrowing to take advantage of rock-bottom real interest rates .
But newspaper accounts suggest that such contributions from foreign countries should be put in the hundreds of millions of US dollars -- well below 1 % of the total losses .
I -LRB- among others -RRB- have been arguing for years that countries should cover their risks by issuing a different kind of national debt , tied to their own GDP or a similar measure of economic success .
We should remember this from high school science : always pay attention to units of measurement .
If this is part of the reason that higher debt-to-GDP ratios correspond to lower economic growth , there is less reason to think that countries should avoid a higher ratio , as Keynesian theory implies that fiscal austerity would undermine , rather than boost , economic performance .
The lesson is simple : We should worry less about debt ratios and thresholds , and more about our inability to see these indicators for the artificial -- and often irrelevant -- constructs that they are .
NEW HAVEN -- It might not seem that Europe 's sovereign-debt crisis and growing concern about the United States ' debt position should shake basic economic confidence .
Being removed from the US , they should be highly sensitive to any whiff of information that their money may not be safe there .
They should , but they do n't .
So new risk management institutions need to be devised . They should use markets , rather than state guarantees , and while they should not be mandatory , they must be designed in accordance with humans ' psychological limitations , so that people will use them .
In fact , both sides should be working to recalibrate their bilateral imbalances : Americans should spend less and save more , and Chinese should spend more and save less .
Given the volume of jet fuel involved , key players , including buyers , sellers , and US officials , obviously knew or should have known about the scheme .
One lesson should be that a security policy that 's detached from other human concerns is no viable security policy at all .
One should be fair to Putin 's regime .
No power , not even the United Nations , should be allowed to change them without the consent of the country concerned .
Fear of `` Talibanization '' of the Caucasus prompted the Kremlin 's recent announcement that Russian Muslims should be protected from extremist propaganda from abroad , and that Russian Muslim education and spiritual life should be controlled in order to direct them away from extremism .
What should South Africa do now ?
The SADC should not endorse the regime 's claim of victory in an uncontested election .
It should dispatch an eminent persons ' group of senior African and other international leaders to Zimbabwe , as well as peace monitors to ensure that the government complies with these demands .
The SADC 's censure of Mugabe and his regime should be backed up by concrete actions , such as restrictions on all arms flows to Zimbabwe , travel restrictions on senior officials of Zimbabwe 's ruling ZANU-PF party , and the threat of property seizures and the freezing of financial assets in the region and beyond .
Mbeki and other SADC leaders should recognize a key point . According to legal opinions commissioned by the Southern African Litigation Center , Zimbabwe 's Electoral Act holds that the delay or absence of a lawful run-off means that the candidate who obtained the most votes in the election of March 29 , 2008 , has been duly elected as President .
We know that basic education should be a free public good .
His counterparts in Europe and Japan should follow suit .
The G-7 -- representing the most empowered people in the world today -- should decide that education will be the next international priority .
What role should religion play in public affairs ?
Governments worldwide have frozen illicit assets stashed abroad by the regime -- money that should be used to help the opposition to build a new society .
Above all , we should be grateful to the police forces and intelligence agencies whose unflagging hard work and dedication far away from the public eye help keep us safe .
Our successful democratic experiment is being ignored in part because of a hoary ruling a half-century ago by the Organization of African Unity , the precursor to today 's African Union . Back then , with the recent demise of the colonial empires stoking fears of tribal rivalries and countless civil wars , the OAU ruled that the frontiers drawn up by the imperial powers should be respected in perpetuity .
So when should a people be able to declare their independence and gain international recognition ? The Palestinians ' decision to take their case to the UN has put this issue on the front burner .
The basic principles that I believe should prevail , and which Somaliland meets , are the following :
· Secession should not result from foreign intervention , and the barriers for recognizing secession must be high ;
· Independence should be recognized only if a clear majority -LRB- well over 50 % - plus-one of the voters -RRB- have freely chosen it , ideally in an unbiased referendum ;
True , many ordinary Europeans do not think that Europe should play an important part in global developments . They believe that foreign policy should be handled by their national governments .
There is no sound moral reason why possession of basic rights should be limited to members of a particular species .
At a minimum , we should recognize basic rights in all beings who show intelligence and awareness -LRB- including some level of self-awareness -RRB- and who have emotional and social needs .
Indeed , three years ago , a group of scientists led by Derek Wildman proposed , in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , that chimpanzees have been shown to be so close to humans genetically that they should be included in the genus Homo .
We should not be deterred from doing right now by the fear that we may later be persuaded that we should do right again .
If the rich nations pollute the atmosphere with carbon dioxide , causing my crops to fail because of changing rainfall patterns , or my fields are inundated by a rise in the sea level , should n't I also be able to sue ?
Many will condemn this as a resurgence of `` eugenics , '' the view , especially popular in the early twentieth century , that hereditary traits should be improved through active intervention .
The first option would require coercion , and -- since countries will not accept that others should gain a competitive edge -- an international agreement to forego the benefits that genetic enhancement can bring .
A patient 's informed consent should be a prerequisite for all medical treatment , as long as the patient is a competent adult in a position to make a decision .
That document states that to refuse a burdensome medical treatment `` is not the equivalent of suicide . '' On the contrary , such a refusal `` should be considered an acceptance of the human condition , or a wish to avoid the application of a medical procedure disproportionate to the results that can be expected , or a desire not to impose excessive expense on the family or the community . ''
If an incurably ill patient can refuse burdensome treatment , knowing that this refusal will mean his or her death , why should an incurably ill patient who is not being kept alive by any medical treatment , but finds that the illness itself makes life burdensome , be unable to seek assistance in escaping that burden ?
Welby should not have been helped to die , they might argue , because he expressly said that he wanted to die , not that he wanted to avoid a burdensome treatment .
The Dutch know how voluntary euthanasia is practiced in their country , they know that legal euthanasia has improved , rather than harmed , their medical care , and they want the possibility of assistance in dying , if they should want and need it .
Is n't that a choice that everyone should have ?
On British television recently , a tearful farmer spoke of the fact that his sheep were being shot to prevent the spread of foot and mouth disease : `` We 're so sorry to see our lambs die -- they should be the symbol of spring , of new life . But now they die due to this awful disease . ''
So , having demonstrated that the slaughter is unnecessary , it is then said that the slaughter should stop , that it shows the wrong attitude to animals , that we must show them more respect , and not just treat them as a means to our ends .
If you can read , and did n't deliberately turn away from anything that might disturb your comfort , you should also know that the entire animal industry is unnecessary , that we would be healthier , and do less damage to our environment , without it ?
When asked what you should do in these circumstances , most people say that you should divert the trolley onto the side track , thus saving a net four lives .
When asked what you should do in these circumstances , most people say that it would be wrong to push the stranger .
On the contrary , these findings should make us more skeptical about relying on our intuitions .
So we should think for ourselves , not just listen to our intuitions .
So why should n't that be a focus of public policy ?
Why should n't taking small steps that may produce such a glow be part of the role of government ?
Candidates for public office , and those holding high administrative or corporate positions , should be judged on their policies and performance , not on private acts that are irrelevant to how well they carry out , or will carry out , their public duties .
Where there is no suggestion that a matter of personal morality has had an impact on the performance of a business executive or government official , we should respect that person 's privacy .
Since politicians ask us to entrust them with sweeping powers , it can be argued that we should know as much as possible about their morality .
Similarly , the revelation three years ago that the then-Australian opposition leader and aspiring prime minister , Mark Latham , had assaulted a taxi driver and broken his arm in a dispute about a fare was relevant for those who believe that a nation 's leader should be slow to anger .
Yet no one suggested that Corzine should resign because of his foolish and illegal act .
He is frequently booed and mocked by fans , and many thought that baseball 's commissioner , Bud Selig , should not attend games at which Bonds might tie or break the record .
Savulescu , who directs the Uehiro Centre for Practical Ethics at Oxford University and holds degrees in both medicine and bioethics , says that we should drop the ban on performance-enhancing drugs , and allow athletes to take whatever they want , as long as it is safe for them to do so .
Savulescu proposes that instead of trying to detect whether an athlete has taken drugs , we should focus on measurable indications of whether an athlete is risking his or her health .
So , if an athlete has a dangerously high level of red blood cells as a result of taking erythropoietin -LRB- EPO -RRB- , he or she should not be allowed to compete .
We should allow athletes to pursue it by any safe means .
Popular participation in sport should be encouraged .
Maybe we should just turn off the television and get on our own bikes .
So , while we can and should do much better at treating it , perhaps the more significant question is whether we can learn to prevent it .
Putting aside the specific claims that Watson made in his Sunday Times interview , a genuinely difficult question remains : should scientists investigate the possibility of a link between race and intelligence ?
Yet to say that we should not carry out research in this area is equivalent to saying that we should reject open-minded investigation of the causes of inequalities in income , education , and health between people of different racial or ethnic groups .
Why should information about how to help people be secret ?
The interests of patients should come first , but when it is dubious that continued treatment is in a patient 's interests and there is no way to find out what the patients wants , or would have wanted , it is reasonable to consider other factors , including the views of the family and the cost to the community .
Normally , when patients are unable to make decisions about their treatment , the family 's wishes should be given great weight .
But a family 's wishes should not override doctors ' ethical responsibility to act in the best interests of their patients .
When a family seeks treatment that , in the professional judgment of the physicians , is not in the patient 's best interests , the answer should be : not far at all .
They can then decide for themselves , at their own expense , how much further treatment he should have .
What the court should not do is order the hospital to continue to care for Golubchuk against the better judgment of its health care professionals .
For that reason , we should greet the poll results positively , and resolve to close the gaps that still exist between rhetoric and reality .
Finally , D'Souza fell back , as many Christians do when pressed , on the claim that we should not expect to understand God 's reasons for creating the world as it is . It is as if an ant should try to understand our decisions , so puny is our intelligence in comparison with the infinite wisdom of God .
Blatant Benevolence PRINCETON -- Jesus said that we should give alms in private rather than when others are watching .
From an ethical perspective , however , should we care so much about the purity of the motive with which the gift was made ?
Rather , we should question whether , in a world in which 25,000 impoverished children die unnecessarily every day , another concert hall is what the world needs .
If Obama is to be that president , he should begin by keeping his promises to close the prison camp at Cuba 's Guantánamo Bay and to end the Bush administration 's practice of locking people away without ever telling them why or what they are charged with .
Then , having demonstrated his good faith , he and European leaders should be able to work out a deal that will bring China and India into whatever agreement replaces the Kyoto protocol when it expires in 2012 .
I believe that we should n't really be focusing on inequality anyway . We should give priority to reducing unnecessary suffering .
It is not a step that should await the return of prosperity .
It also appears contrary to the broad thrust of the Church 's teaching about marriage and the family as the appropriate context for rearing children . Dignitas Personae says that new human life should be `` generated through an act which expresses the reciprocal love between a man and a woman . ''
If that is the argument , however , why should we single out couples who use IVF ?
I have n't noticed the Vatican telling them that they should be adopting instead of conceiving so many children .
It is surprising how readily politicians of all parties -- even strong ideological defenders of the unregulated market -- accepted the idea that the state should bail out banks and insurance companies when they got into trouble .
Ah yes , in a world in which ten million children die every year from avoidable , poverty-related causes , and greenhouse-gas emissions threaten to create hundreds of millions of climate refugees , we should be visiting Paris boutiques and feeling the clothes .
In economic terms , these costs should be `` internalized '' by the factory farmers rather than being shifted onto the rest of us .
All of this raises many questions about how we respond -- and how we should respond -- to such tragedies .
Brian Tucker , founder of the non-profit organization Geohazards International , urges that 10 % of the money raised by relief efforts should be set aside for mitigating damage from future earthquakes : training builders , improving engineering , and making the public more aware of the risks and how to reduce them .
Instead , governments that are pledging aid to Haiti now should ensure that part of their assistance goes to reducing the chances that such a disaster will affect Haiti so dramatically again .
But it seems absurd that this should make any difference to the morality of aborting the fetus .
If , at a later date , the woman wants to have a child , why should she use the DNA of her earlier , aborted fetus rather than conceiving another fetus in the usual way ?
But if we are pointing the finger at Sea World for what it does to its captive animals , we should also look more broadly at the way we confine performing animals .
Attempts to defend amusement parks and circuses on the grounds that they `` educate '' people about animals should not be taken seriously . Such enterprises are part of the commercial entertainment industry .
That is the opposite of the ethical attitude to animals that we should be seeking to impart to children .
Nor should we be swayed by the argument that circuses provide employment .
Until our governments take action , we should avoid supporting places where captive wild animals perform for our amusement .
When our children ask us to take them to the circus , we should find out if the circus uses wild animals .
If it does , we should explain to our children why we will not take them there , and offer to take them to a circus that does not .
That may be why so many people believe so strongly that the Internet should be left completely unfettered .
People relate to each other in new ways , posing questions about how we should respond to people when all that we know about them is what we have learned through a medium that permits all kinds of anonymity and deception .
If they are fully informed of the risks , and are still willing to fly -- perhaps the crew has been offered more money , as workers in dangerous occupations often are -- should we prevent them from making the decision to fly ?
I trust that among the experts will be some who have pondered the underlying ethical question : how safe should we aim to be ?
Others object that living things should not be patented .
There are good grounds for objecting to turning a sentient being into a patented laboratory tool , but it is not so easy to see why patent law should not cover newly designed bacteria or algae , which can feel nothing and may be as useful as any other invention .
Why should the fact that you can get away with cheating mean that you are not culpable ?
The batsman usually knows and traditionally should `` walk '' -- leave the ground -- if he knows that he is out .
But , while that will reduce the opportunity for cheating , it wo n't eliminate it , and it is n't really the point . We should not make excuses for intentional cheating in sports .
Wikileaks , which describes itself as `` an anonymous global avenue for disseminating documents the public should see , '' released 92,000 documents related to the war in Afghanistan , including military reports on incidents , and intelligence reports .
In most of the world , it is accepted that if animals are to be killed for food , they should be killed without suffering .
Regulations for slaughter generally require that animals be rendered instantly unconscious before they are killed , or death should be brought about instantaneously , or , in the case of ritual slaughter , as close to instantaneously as the religious doctrine allows .
That this should happen while developed nations waste hundreds of millions of tons of grain and soybeans by feeding them to animals , and obesity reaches epidemic proportions , undermines our claims to believe in the equal value of all human life .
Thus , the resources that should benefit developing countries instead become a curse that brings corruption , coups , and civil wars .
He found that when people want to quit smoking , they are more likely to succeed if they arrange to lose money should they fail .
Their egos should be strong enough to take it .
We should aim for our children to be good people , and to live ethical lives that manifest concern for others as well as for themselves .
For example , military intervention should be a last resort , and the consequences of action should not be likely to be worse than the consequences of inaction .
But these are questions that the international community needs to ask , and that the Security Council should have been discussing , so that the principle of the responsibility to protect -- and its possible implications for military action -- become part of our understanding of the requirements of international law and global ethics .
Chin held that the United States Congress , not a court , was the appropriate body to decide who should be entrusted with guardianship over orphan books , and on what terms .
That would be a huge step in the right direction , but we should not give up the dream of a universal digital public library .
If we can put a man on the Moon and sequence the human genome , we should be able to devise something close to a universal digital public library .
Another reason why we do not give to prevent disasters should be familiar to anyone who has ever delayed going to the dentist because the prospect of serious pain in the coming weeks or months just was n't as motivating as the reluctance to face some more immediate slight discomfort .
In light -- perhaps one should say darkness -- of such images , it is sometimes suggested that animal welfare is exclusively a Western concern .
Long before Western philosophers included animals in their ethics , Chinese philosophers like Zhuangzi said that love should permeate relations not only between humans , but between all sentient beings .
The biggest problems are in those states that lack a mechanism for citizens to initiate a referendum on how farm animals should be treated .
The animal-welfare movement in China should not be satisfied with its small but conspicuous success regarding animal abuse in zoos .
Both dramatize insights and lessons that should not be ignored .
At a minimum , they should have the rights to life , liberty , and protection from torture that we grant to all members of our own species , regardless of their intellectual abilities .
But the question of which of these ways of understanding happiness best captures what we should promote raises fundamental questions of value .
We should wish the effort well , and hope that ultimately the goal becomes global , rather than merely national , happiness .
Senator Trent Lott , a conservative Republican -- and a prominent opponent of abortion -- said of the attack : `` Absolutely , we should do it . ''
Nevertheless , the doctrine that it is acceptable to take actions that will foreseeably kill innocent people can have the effect of leading us to treat more lightly than we should the deaths of those killed .
As the US de-couples its policy toward India from its attitude toward Pakistan , many old diplomatic hiccups should disappear .
Another feature of such summits -- the trading of lists of `` must do '' and `` can do '' items -- also should be retired .
These two great countries , `` natural allies '' in the words of former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee , should reflect on what they have accomplished together since 1998 , in order to map what lies ahead .
The US should also stop questioning India 's relationship with Iran , a neighbor with which India is linked by many centuries of economic , cultural , and even civilizational ties .
And talking should not be impossible .
Nevertheless , it might be better to let the market decide what kinds of products the low-skilled and less motivated part of the workforce should and could reasonably produce , which speaks for the American way of subsidizing wages .
In 2006 , the euro-zone economies may have grown by 2.7 % on average , and should grow by 2.2 % in 2007 .
That option should be supported . But official encouragement of production of bio-fuels on land that would have been used for other purposes must stop .
The reform proposals that are currently being debated are adventurous to say the least , because they all seem to center around the question of which government expenses should be exempt from the calculation of the deficit .
Paul Krugman , who has aimed massive criticism at Germany 's government , should keep this in mind .
But he should not ignore the time lags between the American and the German economic cycles .
Germany should prepare its economic stimulus program now and implement it when the time comes .
This is the policy Italians pursued for decades in the pre-euro days , and the Fed might one day feel that it should adopt such a stance .
So , instead of belittling German efforts , the world should show Germany a little more gratitude .
This made it possible for US households to stop saving and enjoy an exorbitant consumption level , but it stood on its head the conventional wisdom that capital should flow from rich to poor countries , where it can more productively be invested .
Americans now claim caveat emptor : Europeans should have known how risky these securities were when they bought them .
But many euro-zone politicians regard turning to the IMF as a sign of weakness and prefer their countries to shoulder the burden themselves .
· A new EU system , following the logic of the bailout strategy that the EU is currently applying , should be extended to include automatic fines for `` debt sinners . ''
French Finance Minister Christine Lagarde , who often complained about trade imbalances in Europe , should applaud these market reactions , which were unintentionally strengthened by her president .
In the remaining 68 cases , however , deficits above 3 % of GDP were clear violations of the Pact , and the European Council of Finance Ministers -LRB- Ecofin -RRB- should have imposed sanctions .
The risk may be limited today , but it will become larger should the new ESM become full-coverage insurance against insolvency with no burden-sharing by creditors .
One should not criticize the ECB for propping up the GIPS ' current accounts during the global crisis .
But it should be clear that this was not a sui generis monetary policy ; it was a bailout .
Perhaps the GIPS should ponder how Italy handled itself .
If these countries lack the political consensus they need to pull this off , they should in their own interest consider leaving the eurozone temporarily to depreciate their currencies .
The banking system would not survive this without help , so the EU 's bailout activities should be refocused accordingly .
Müntefering should have consulted his party 's forefather more carefully before opening his mouth .
But what exactly does this imply for how middle - and low-income countries today should set their capital-account policies amid the current flood ?
First , countries should be cautious about external financial liberalization when financial sector development and institutional quality are below key thresholds .
In other words , everyone really should learn to swim .
The implication is that countries should first strengthen their domestic financial sectors and corporate governance , and only later open the capital account .
With the American economy now recovering strongly , the price of oil should stay high , or even rise further , in the foreseeable future .
An oil fund should be seen as an instrument of macroeconomic stabilization , segregated from normal revenue streams .
Properly used , an oil fund can contribute to this aim , but it should do so indirectly , by promoting domestic financial stability .
Cowper-Coles was reported to have said that the security situation in Afghanistan was deteriorating , that NATO 's presence was making it worse , and that the two American presidential hopefuls should be dissuaded from getting bogged down further .
In the economists ' world , morality should not seek to control technology , but should adapt to its demands .
Second , this type of model strongly implies that governments should do nothing in the face of such `` shocks . ''
Correspondingly , civil rights should expand .
But it makes an enormous practical difference that an incumbent ruler can do a lot more future damage to his people than an ex-ruler , and therefore should be given no incentive to retaliate .
If the world can dispense justice only at the expense of the weak and to the advantage of the strong , it should stick to the older tools of crime prevention : force and negotiation , and leave justice out of it .
But 30 years of hindsight enable us to judge which elements of the Thatcher revolution should be preserved , and which should be amended in the light of today 's global economic downturn .
`` The conquest of inflation , '' Lawson said , `` should ... be the objective of macroeconomic policy .
And the creation of conditions conducive to growth and employment should be ... the objective of microeconomic policy . ''
This proposition overturned the previous Keynesian orthodoxy that macroeconomic policy should aim at full employment , with the control of inflation left to wage policy .
In rebuilding the shattered post-Thatcherite economy , we should be careful not to revive the failed policies of the past .
But ongoing international assistance should be limited to providing voluntary good-governance templates .
Frameworks for how governments should make public spending transparent or how foreign resource-extracting companies should report their profits would make yardstick comparisons easier for local political activists , as well as providing a source of legitimacy for the government .
The aspect of the theory that applies particularly to financial markets is called the `` efficient market theory , '' which should have blown sky-high by last autumn 's financial breakdown .
For example , the US Treasury suggests that originators of mortgages should retain a `` material '' financial interest in the loans they make , in contrast to the recent practice of securitizing them .
The logic behind the separation was absolutely clear : banks whose deposits were insured by the taxpayers should not be allowed to speculate with their depositors ' money .
As one British official said ahead of the G-20 summit in Italy in July , `` We should start to prepare exit strategies , but we should start implementing them only when -LRB- we -RRB- are sure -LRB- we -RRB- have got a recovery that is entrenched and self-sustaining , and I do n't think anyone is saying we are at that point yet . ''
In short , Krugman `` has absolutely no idea about what caused the crash , what policies might have prevented it , and what policies we should adopt going forward '' -- except that the government should now spend money like a drunken sailor .
The accumulation of wealth , which should be a means to the `` good life , '' becomes an end in itself because it destroys many of the things that make life worth living .
Politicians should stop treating religious belief as a `` problem '' rather than as a powerful social resource for good behavior .
The role of a free press should be to put pressure on public officials to behave better .
After any such media-stoked scandal , there should be a pause to allow better norms to take root .
Legislation or regulation aimed at restoring faith in the political class should be a last , not a first , resort .
If inflation has succeeded recession as today 's main problem , governments should withdraw their stimulus policies -LRB- money out of the economy -RRB- as soon as possible .
If recession remains the problem , the stimulus policies should stay in place , or even be strengthened .
But this should be a warning signal : to say that with unemployment now much higher , inflation is expected to remain low is really to say that there will be little recovery over the next five years .
Instead , we should be thinking of ways to restore the patient 's health .
But , unless firmer evidence of recovery comes in the next quarter , European and American officials should prepare to accelerate and expand their spending programs .
Moreover , they would be limited in their holding of derivative instruments , and Obama has suggested that no commercial bank should hold more than 10 % of national deposits .
But the statistics were not as good as they should have been .
Any promise of deeper cuts would , they feel , be electoral suicide , even though their model of the economy tells them that the government should be smaller , and that the deficit is unnecessary and even damaging .
For developing countries , economic policy and bank regulation should be used together to stop inflation and asset bubbles . ''
To the extent that complexity in finance or politics creates new opportunities to deceive , impedes understanding , or blurs lines of accountability , we should aim to reduce it .
It does not conform to our moral intuition that a CEO should not be paid 500 times the average wage of his workers , or to our belief that if someone 's market-clearing wage is too low to support life , he should not be allowed to starve to death .
Some radicals in Russia have rejected this historical determinism , arguing that we should not legitimize authoritarianism by reference to history .
And , as former US Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan recently noted , `` US fixed capital investment has fallen far short of the level that history suggests should have occurred , given the dramatic surge in corporate profitability . '' In short , we are heading full steam ahead into the next collapse .
We ban pornography and restrict violence on TV , believing that they affect people negatively , yet we should believe that unrestricted advertising of consumer goods affects only the distribution of demand , but not the total ?
So why should we believe that the markets have been correctly pricing the risk of Greek , Irish , or Portuguese debt ?
Opposition parties should refrain from shorting their government politically at a time when markets are doing so financially .
Ideally , there should be a time-limited all-party agreement on a plan of action , which would represent the limit of what is politically feasible .
Or should Western societies anticipate another round of technological wizardry , like the Internet revolution , which will produce a new wave of job creation and prosperity ?
To the Anglo-American economist , any such proposal is anathema , because it smacks of the dreaded `` lump of labor '' fallacy -- the idea , once popular in trade-union circles , that there exists only a certain amount of work , and it should be shared out fairly .
Economists and moralists have been united in believing that you should actually spend less than you earn -- in order to `` save '' for the proverbial rainy day or for old age .
For public finance , too , the orthodox rule was that budgets should always be balanced ; except in emergencies , governments should never spend more than they `` earned '' in taxation .
The Germans should remember the reparations fiasco of the 1920 's .
In the Treaty of Versailles , the victorious Allies insisted that Germany should pay for `` the cost of the war . '' They added up the figures , and in 1921 they presented the bill : Germany `` owed '' the victors £ 6.6 billion -LRB- 85 % of its GDP -RRB- , payable in 30 annual installments .
It is only logical that banks with state-guaranteed deposits should be safe and boring , with other necessary , but risky activities hived off to separate companies .
Perhaps we should be looking to China and India for answers about how to address environmental damage , instead of using climate change as a pretext to deprive them of what we already have .
In short , while a religious attitude of mind deserves the highest respect , we should resist the re-conquest by religion of matters that should be the concern of science .
Governments should concentrate on keeping money `` sound '' and leave the economy to look after itself .
A 2006 UN mandate review finds that UN member states adopt hundreds of mandates each year , conferring `` additional responsibilities with neither corresponding funds nor guidance '' on how resources should be used .
If they succeed , perhaps they should add a black border around the proud Islamic green of their flag -- the black not of mourning , but of justice .
Indeed , some thought should be given to an exit strategy from cheap and unconditional IMF financing .
Dealing with the short-run challenges of the current crisis should not distract us from the objective of preventing future meltdowns .
But the high-minded liberalism of the then-elite had a practical point as well : should the government have any soiled linen , it should be laundered in British courts rather than be aired before a panel of international judges .
So , perhaps in a mature democracy , human rights should be dignified by actions rather than words .
The constitutional debate in the next several months should focus on these major questions : why and how Europe 's peoples want to live together .
The concept of solidarity should obviously be central to this debate .
So some compromise must be found should Kerry win .
Before instituting such invasive regulation , we should examine whether past compensation structures really were the catalysts for our recent problems .
To say that they were implies three things : top bank executives were rewarded for short-term results with large amounts of up-front cash ; bank executives did not hold sufficiently large amounts of stock to align their interests with those of shareholders ; and executives with more short-term pay and less stock ownership should have had the greatest incentive to take bad and excessive risks , and thus should have performed worse in the crisis .
In addition , regulators should require banks to issue an additional amount of capital -- say , 10 % -- in the form of long-term debt that is forced to convert into equity if the bank and the overall banking system get into financial difficulty .
Over time , however , the interest-rate premium is likely to be small , because higher capital requirements and contingent capital should significantly reduce the likelihood of ever reaching the triggers .
He is the only viable rival candidate for President Megawati 's job , and would be the man to step into the presidential palace should she be removed .
Credit for the absence of a truly serious Islamic challenge , however , should perhaps be given to Indonesia 's moderate and mainstream Muslim leaders and groups , such as Nahdatul Ulama and Muhammadyah , who avoided incendiary words and deeds .
Because Indonesia 's government will likely be weak for years to come , Mrs Megawati should forge alliances with the many civil society groups that are emerging in Indonesia and which support a democratic regime .
From the Industrial Revolution until very recently , the West 's development was free of any environmental restrictions , and the emerging countries believe that they should not have to bear the adjustment cost .
I was recently asked by journalists whether inter-agency cooperation is sufficient and whether European mechanisms for sharing operational intelligence should be created .
Judicial , police , and intelligence cooperation should be the focal point for action .
A successful strategy should use civilian means -- incidentally a model advocated by the European Union .
Moreover , a custom has been repeated that should be changed .
The G-20 's role should increase further in importance , owing to emerging countries ' share of global GDP -- projected to reach 60 % in 2030 -- and to the global nature of the challenges of the twenty-first century .
Summits should be well prepared and provide a forum to debate today 's great global issues .
The US should not be selective in its support for freedom and democracy .
But , given that container traffic is expected to increase by 164 % before 2020 , southern European ports should be able to increase their share in flows between Europe and the Far East by 40-50 % .
For Europe , the `` Arab Spring '' should refocus attention on an issue largely ignored in recent months : the benefits of Turkey 's full membership in the European Union .
Given the tremendous opportunities present in the current circumstances , the advantages for Europe of Turkey 's accession should be obvious .
The EU has had little to say , for example , about what kind of governance rules and standards should guide debates over the much-needed rebalancing between surplus and deficit states .
Growth will no longer be generated from the West on the back of emerging-economy surpluses , but will need to come from within the emerging world itself , which should be nudged away from purely export-oriented economic policies .
But , while deliberation is taking place on how much Europe should retreat from its historical domination of multilateral bodies , there is little vision beyond this .
But Europe risks being too servile in courting new alliances , fixated as it is on short-term gain -- and bereft of any clear idea of how such alliances fit with the kinds of values that it believes should guide revised global governance .
So Russian human-rights activists and the environmental organization Baikal Environmental Wave should not have been surprised when , earlier this month , flesh and blood policemen -- not Internet bots -- confiscated their computers and the files stored within them .
Clearly , human-right activists in Russia can not and should not count on Microsoft as an ally in their efforts to build a more open society .
The Japanese knew how to coordinate state and private-sector goals in the 1970 's , but then lost their way . `` We should now emulate the South Koreans , '' says Eisuke Sakakibara , a leading Japanese economist , who was one of the architects of the Japanese `` miracle '' of the 1980 's .
To turn this situation around , says Sakakibara , `` the Japanese should work more , have more children , and allow immigration . ''
Born in 1945 in post-war Britain , the welfare state met its end in Britain this week , when British Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne repudiated the concept of the `` universal benefit , '' the idea that everyone , not just the poor , should benefit from social protection .
The lesson from Greece , however , is that what European Socialists should fear most is the far left 's taste and talent for disruption .
One should also consider why anyone wants to become a judge .
This should have eased fears about Brazil 's future . So far , it has n't .
I suggest that Instead of a traditional IMF package , the central banks of the developed countries should open their discount windows for Brazilian government debt .
I recognize that every new regulation has unintended adverse consequences , but this does not mean reform should be abandoned .
This bill should be supported .
It should , however , expect and demand progress and tailor its assistance to the performance of the countries concerned .
Instead of undermining and demeaning international institutions because they do not necessarily follow America 's will , the US should strengthen and improve them .
Instead of engaging in preemptive military actions , the US should pursue preventive actions of a constructive nature , creating a better balance between carrots and sticks in the prevailing world order .
If we had cared about the Iraqi people , we should have had more troops available for the occupation .
We should have provided protection not only for the oil ministry , but also other ministries , museums , and hospitals .
Americans should step back for a moment and ask : who got them into this mess ?
A moment 's reflection should raise another question : does Bush 's Texas swagger qualify him to remain America 's Commander-in-Chief ?
But the massive scale of the challenges facing Afghanistan should not overshadow the opportunities for positive change .
At the London Conference , world leaders should support the counter-narcotics strategy recently approved by the Afghan government , which would reduce economic dependence on opium production , punish traffickers and dealers , and provide sustainable economic alternatives for poppy farmers .
The conference should follow up on a resolution by the European Parliament to consider whether Afghanistan should become one of the countries licensed to produce opium for medical purposes .
Furthermore , instead of pouring hundreds of millions of dollars into technical assistance and short-term capacity-building programs , the London conference should strive to help meet the Afghan government 's benchmark for equipping young people with the skills and education necessary to lead their nation to a future of peace and prosperity .
For example , the General Assembly should hold public hearings in which candidates are interviewed , thereby greatly enhancing the stature of the candidate who is eventually selected .
In the meantime , the absence of institutional reform should not be allowed to serve as a pretext for inaction .
Needless to say , a common EU foreign policy should not be anti-American .
This insight should lead us not to abandon the concept of open society , but to revise and reaffirm the case for it .
We need to introduce new ground rules for political discourse . These can not be identical to scientific method , but they should be similar in character , enshrining the pursuit of truth as the criteria on which political views are to be judged .
And the public should care about the truth because deception misleads people in choosing their representatives , distorts policy choices , undermines accountability , and destroys trust in democracy .
What we have learned from recent years ' experience -- what we should have known all along -- is that the supremacy of critical thought in political discourse can not be taken for granted .
Making government funds available should also encourage the private sector to participate in recapitalizing the banking sector and bringing the financial crisis to a close .
It should be possible for each side to respect the other 's position without abandoning its own and to find common ground .
Rich countries should therefore lend their allocations to the countries in need .
Three principles should guide reform .
Similarly , financial authorities should vary the loan-to-value ratio on commercial and residential mortgages for risk-weighting purposes in order to forestall real estate bubbles .
As long as they manage their risks properly , regulators should be happy .
If a bank is too big to fail , regulators should go even further , and regulate proprietary traders ' compensation packages to ensure that risks and rewards are properly aligned .
Regulators should insist that traded derivatives are homogenous , standardized , and transparent .
Some derivatives , particularly credit default swaps should not be traded at all .
This is a well-known fact that should have been clear to everyone involved in the euro 's creation .
Derivatives traded on exchanges should be registered as a class .
Germans should consider the following thought experiment : withdrawal from the euro .
Indeed , it is a firmly established legal principle that crime should be addressed by a determination of individual guilt before a court of law .
Of course , European societies should not tolerate criminality and anti-social behavior .
But no ethnic group monopolizes such pathologies , and all people should be equal before the law .
This is a welcome step and `` explicit but not exclusive targeting '' should be extended to education , health care , and employment .
Most importantly , the rules guiding how structural funds are spent should be changed to allow their use for health and education from early childhood , rather than only for job training .
In both of these areas , Roma fall so far behind their fellow citizens that targeted measures to close the gap should be an integral part of the Europe 2020 plan .
At that time , Angela Merkel rejected a Europe-wide guarantee , insisting that each country should guarantee its own institutions .
With regard to the second problem , the interest rate on rescue packages should be reduced to the rate at which the EU itself can borrow on the market .
Eventually , it should lead to the establishment of a global fund for rain forests and agricultural adaptation because the benefits of carbon abatement accrue to mankind as a whole , not to individual countries .
The US , in turn , can not understand why China should be so reluctant to allow the renminbi to appreciate , as doing so would help to dampen inflationary pressures .
The first step could and should be taken immediately ; the second will have to wait .
President Nicolas Sarkozy should be applauded for supporting a new initiative promoting strict transparency standards for petroleum , gas , and mining companies listed on European stock exchanges .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel insisted that there should be no joint EU guarantee ; each country would have to take care of its own institutions .
It should be possible to mobilize a pro-European silent majority behind the idea that when the status quo becomes untenable , we should look for a European solution rather than national ones .
They established the principle that their new fiscal agency , the European Financial Stability Fund -LRB- EFSF -RRB- , should be responsible for solvency problems , but they failed to increase the EFSF 's size . This stopped short of establishing a credible fiscal authority for the eurozone .
Perhaps most worryingly , Europe finally recognized the principle -- long followed by the IMF -- that countries in bailout programs should not be penalized on interest rates , but the same principle was not extended to countries that are not yet in bailout programs .
It should be recognized that a disorderly default or exit from the eurozone , even by a small country like Greece , would precipitate a banking crisis comparable to the one that caused the Great Depression .
The euro crisis had its origin in German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's decision , taken in the aftermath of Lehman Brothers ' default in September 2008 , that the guarantee against further defaults should come not from the European Union , but from each country separately .
Recapitalization of the banks should wait until then ; only the holes created by restructuring the Greek debt would have to be filled immediately .
A new agreement for the eurozone , negotiated in a calmer atmosphere , should not only codify the practices established during the emergency , but also lay the groundwork for an economic-growth strategy .
The incentives should take the form of credit guarantees and other credit enhancements which would reinforce the power and influence of the IMF in preventing future crises .
? The IMF should rate countries .
Still , significant changes in WTO rules should be made to take care of valid objections .
First , if we are to avoid a race to the bottom , the order of precedence between WTO and national laws should be reversed .
I propose to reverse this order of preference : countries should be allowed to enforce their higher national standards on imported as well as domestic goods , unless a WTO sponsored panel of experts finds that such domestic standards should be prohibited or simply are unnecessary .
But the WTO should also reconsider its involvement .
Third , the agreement on Trade Related Investment Measures -LRB- TRIMs -RRB- should be renegotiated to allow some support for home grown small and medium enterprises .
Although incentives for such local businesses -LRB- microcredit and better financing -RRB- should be provided outside the WTO , trade rules should be modified to give room for such support .
While we should firmly reject these calls , we must heed the critics ' legitimate and deeply felt concerns about how those eggs are used and distributed .
At a golden wedding anniversary one may wish that , now , everything should really start in earnest .
The idea of the `` moral indifference '' of the law of war is based on the recognition that wars will not be eliminated , and that they should instead be limited and their horrors mitigated by universally applicable rules of conduct .
Wars should n't happen at all , he believed .
Pacifists want to understand war as a lawless condition that should be abolished .
But those who adhere to the motto `` Terror can only be countered with terror '' should remember who coined that phrase : Adolf Hitler .
This resistance should not be allowed to prevent the European Parliament from endorsing the common position : markets and regulators alike urgently need a new ISD , as innovations have made the old one obsolete .
It now seems universally accepted -LRB- often implicitly -RRB- that government should establish the structure and rules for the financial system , with participants then pursuing their self-interest within that framework .
This set of values should be deeply embedded in the industry -- and thus should transcend haggling over regulation .
It should take precedence over narrow self-interest or the potential profit opportunities associated with exploiting an informational advantage .
And it should be thought of as an addition to the guiding norms , rules , and ethics associated with `` normal '' times .
With government policy remaining on course , we should expect a gradual strengthening of endogenous domestic growth drivers in emerging economies , anchored by an expanding middle class .
If skeptics are right , then we should accept that we will periodically be out of financial and fiscal balance without knowing it in advance .
Thus , we should also accept the need for much more conservative fiscal positioning than was thought necessary even three years ago .
But we should at least conduct the experiment , assigning responsibility to a new or existing institution that has access to information , deep analytical talent in both financial and macroeconomic analysis , and is relatively free of conflicts of interest .
The analysis should be made public and could influence perceptions of systemic risk and market behavior , thereby increasing self-regulatory capacity of the system .
A well capitalized IMF , much better capitalized than pre-crisis , should be able to fill this backstop -- similar to what central banks do -LRB- and did in the crisis -RRB- to prevent a credit freeze and the inevitable and excessive economic damage that would result .
Restoring balance and eliminating the distortions will require time , investment , and structural change , and should be the central focus of America 's economic policy .
The limited fiscal resources that are available should be targeted on areas that affect competitiveness in the tradable sector .
Finally , both the interdependence and global risk that are evident in this crisis will and probably should cause countries to adopt policies with respect to financial structures that provide for some insulation from external shocks , even if such policies impose a cost .
In all countries , these assets should be held in trust for citizens and deployed in pursuit of economic and social development .
Combined , these factors should produce a correction in asset prices that brings them into line with revised expectations of the global economy 's medium-term prospects .
When deleveraging in the household sector is complete , domestic expenditure may rebound , but the savings rate will not and should not go back to zero .
Global brands should start to appear , and government ownership of enterprises will continue to diminish .
Household income must rise , and , with more ample provision of social security , insurance , and services , precautionary savings should fall .
Benefits should be expanded and extended for a limited , discretionary period . When structural barriers to employment have diminished , unemployment benefits should revert to their old norms .
For no one should be mistaken : there are alternatives to European integration - all of them bad , unwanted , and dangerous .
A more complicated question is what Georgia 's northern neighbor , Russia , should expect from the new power triumvirate of Saakashvili , Nino Burdzhanadze , and Zurab Zhvania .
On the other hand , this should become less of a burden on bilateral relations as Russia itself moves closer to NATO , the US , and the European Union .
The IMF 's management shares many strategic considerations repeatedly raised by the Bundesbank , which has argued that the Fund should limit its activities to its core mandate : promoting monetary and financial stability .
In fact , these two instruments should go hand in hand as the IMF 's internal reforms continue .
Only in true balance-of-payments crises should the IMF stand ready to provide limited temporary financial assistance to member countries , thereby encouraging their own policy adjustments and signaling this commitment to the markets .
Nor is becoming a development institution consistent with the Fund 's mission . Development financing should be left to the World Bank .
The quota distribution should be guided by members ' economic weight and degree of integration into the global economy , and any quota adjustments must be undertaken in a coherent manner that applies the same standard for all countries .
First , governments should bring fiscal deficits down to below 3 % of GDP , in line with what has been agreed by the European Council .
Sanctions , to be credible , must come into play long before a country falls into economic difficulties ; therefore , they should not be purely financial in character , but should include other measures as well .
Such sanctions should begin to be imposed when governments fail to meet minimum requirements for attaining medium-term objectives .
They should then become incrementally more severe the longer and the more seriously the rules are breached .
Countries should be assigned to a risk group in line with their economic vulnerability .
The decision to use them should have been made earlier to allow more training , but most voters experienced no problems .
Make no mistake : something will come out , though not necessarily where it should .
At the G-20 summit , we should discuss what fair and equitable burden-sharing between taxpayers and financial-market participants should look like .
It is in this context that Europe 's commitment to internal reform , human rights , international law , and responsible governance should be seen .
But NATO 's leaders should bear in mind that , viewed in comparative and historical perspective , such change will be less an imposition from outside and more the result of internal pressures and initiatives .
So the Chief Prosecutor 's threat should not be taken lightly -- all the more so given that the Constitutional Court has banned 18 political parties -LRB- including the AKP 's predecessor party -RRB- since the current constitution was introduced in 1982 .
Regardless of who leads it , there are some things an interim government should not do .
The interim government 's key political task should be to organize free and fair elections , making only those constitutional changes needed to conduct them .
Most activists and commentators are now asking who will or should be the next president .
He gave astounding orders to soldiers departing to suppress the Boxer Rebellion in China : they should awaken fear as had the Huns of yore .
Beyond the core Realist theories of balance of power , an introduction to ethics in international affairs -- moral philosophy , human rights , and the role of non-state actors -- should be mainstreamed in international relations curricula .
Argentina should have been encouraged to fix a more flexible exchange rate system , or at least an exchange rate more reflective of the country 's trading patterns .
Argentina should have been encouraged to move off its exchange rate system years ago .
Now the IMF belatedly recognizes that it should explore alternatives .
Argentina 's crisis should remind us of the pressing need to reform the global financial system - and thorough reform of the IMF is where we must begin .
But if Clinton and McCain were wrong , what should be done ?
Capital gains should be taxed at least at as high a rate as ordinary income . -LRB- Such returns will , in any case , get a substantial benefit because the tax is not imposed until the gain is realized . -RRB-
In addition , there should be a windfall profits tax on oil and gas companies .
So should voters trying to decide between the two simply look at it as a matter of choosing alternative management teams ?
The cost of incarcerating two million Americans -- one of the highest per capita rates in the world -- should be viewed as a subtraction from GDP , yet it is added on .
The final difference may seem odd : the left now understands markets , and the role that they can and should play in the economy .
For voters , the choice should be easy .
The US should be working to create a strong , unified government , rather than strengthening sectarian militias .
Wall Street has polluted the economy with toxic mortgages . It should pay for the cleanup .
With the huge debt left behind by the Bush administration , the US should be especially motivated to get the largest possible stimulation from each dollar spent .
And yet one should read history and theory carefully : preserving financial institutions is not an end in itself , but a means to an end .
The unfolding Enron scandal brings new meaning to two favorite American sayings : `` What goes around comes around , '' and `` People in glass houses should n't throw stones . ''
The status quo will argue that Enron is an exception : that its demise was due to fraud , that we have laws against fraud , and that those who violate these laws should and will bear the consequences .
The era of believing that something can be created out of nothing should be over .
The sources of liquid funds today are in Asia and the Middle East , but why should these countries contribute money to organizations in which their voice is limited and which have often pushed policies that are antithetical to their values and beliefs ?
The old system worked well for the bankers -LRB- if not for their shareholders -RRB- , so why should they embrace change ?
Tearing up the social contract is something that should not be done lightly .
It outlined some of the measures that should be considered and established a working group to explore the way forward , possibly under the guidance of a newly established expert group .
The US and other advanced industrial countries pushed globalization . But this crisis has shown that they have not managed globalization as well as they should have .
Before the crisis , when US growth -LRB- using standard GDP measures -RRB- seemed so much stronger than that of Europe , many Europeans argued that Europe should adopt US-style capitalism .
It should have been obvious that one could n't reduce everything to a single number , GDP .
The report should also provide guidance for creating a broader set of indicators that more accurately capture both well-being and sustainability ; and it should provide impetus for improving the ability of GDP and related statistics to assess the performance of the economy and society .
Likewise , Africa 's welcome new determination to fight the war on hunger should serve as a living testament to Borlaug .
If science is defined by its ability to forecast the future , the failure of much of the economics profession to see the crisis coming should be a cause of great concern .
For all the fanfare surrounding financial innovation , this crisis is remarkably similar to past financial crises , except that the complexity of new financial products reduced transparency , aggravating fear about what might happen should there not be a massive public bailout .
Why should they be allowed to gamble , with taxpayers underwriting their losses ?
The world has also learned some valuable lessons , though at great cost to both current and future prosperity -- costs that were unnecessarily high given that we should already have learned them .
We will soon find out whether we have learned the lessons of this crisis any better than we should have learned the same lessons from previous crises .
If emissions were appropriately restricted , the value of emission rights would be a couple trillion dollars a year -- no wonder that there is a squabble over who should get them .
Clearly , the idea that those who emitted more in the past should get more emission rights for the future is unacceptable .
Most ethical principles would suggest that , if one is distributing what amounts to `` money '' around the world , one should give more -LRB- per capita -RRB- to the poor .
So , too , most ethical principles would suggest that those that have polluted more in the past -- especially after the problem was recognized in 1992 -- should have less right to pollute in the future .
Given the fundamental problems underlying it , Copenhagen 's failure should not be a surprise .
This should help answer those financial sector hawks who are raising alarms about government spending .
After all , even deficit hawks acknowledge that we should be focusing not on today 's deficit , but on the long-term national debt .
This is one of the lessons we should have learned from America 's experience in the Great Depression ; it is also one of the lessons to emerge from Japan 's experience in the late 1990 's .
As the global economy returns to growth , governments should , of course , have plans on the drawing board to raise taxes and cut expenditures .
America 's financial industry polluted the world with toxic mortgages , and , in line with the well established `` polluter pays '' principle , taxes should be imposed on it .
Over the longer term , most economists agree that governments , especially in advanced industrial countries with aging populations , should be concerned about the sustainability of their policies .
Since China 's multilateral surplus is the economic issue and many countries are concerned about it , the US should seek a multilateral , rules-based solution .
So America should be wary of igniting one in the midst of an uncertain global recovery -- as popular as it might be with politicians whose constituents are justly concerned about high unemployment , and as easy as it is to look for blame elsewhere .
It was not even clear that the help Greece needed should be labeled a bailout : while the funds given to financial institutions like AIG were unlikely to be recouped , a loan to Greece at a reasonable interest rate would likely be repaid .
The social and economic consequences of the current arrangements should be unacceptable .
Those countries whose deficits have soared as a result of the global recession should not be forced into a death spiral -- as Argentina was a decade ago .
There is a third solution , which Europe may come to realize is the most promising for all : implement the institutional reforms , including the necessary fiscal framework , that should have been made when the euro was launched .
Perhaps we should celebrate the regulatory victories in both Europe and the United States .
We should toast the likely successes : some form of financial-product safety commission will be established ; more derivative trading will move to exchanges and clearing houses from the shadows of the murky `` bespoke '' market ; and some of the worst mortgage practices will be restricted .
It is perplexing because in conventional analyses of which activities should be in the public domain , running the national mortgage market is never mentioned .
No one should be surprised at what has now happened : the private market has essentially disappeared .
Today , no one will or should trust the rating agencies , or the investment banks that purveyed flawed products -LRB- sometimes designing them to lose money -RRB- .
I am a frequent IMF critic , so when the IMF gets something right , I should acknowledge it .
But it should have been clear all along that the IMF , as a major creditor , could not itself be the bankruptcy judge .
Why should principles that make sense within countries - like the US - not be applied in the international arena ?
The question is , what guidance should be given to this international bankruptcy referee ?
But no one should be fooled , even if the Fed holds the bonds to maturity .
They should not be allowed to do so .
That knowledge should have given lenders incentives to make loans only to those who could repay .
With the US able to borrow at record-low interest rates , and with the promise of high returns on public investments after a decade of neglect , it is clear what it should do . A large-scale public-investment program would stimulate employment in the short term , and growth in the long term , leading in the end to a lower national debt .
First , spending on high-return public investments should be increased .
Why should those who work for a living be subject to higher tax rates than those who reap their livelihood from speculation -LRB- often at the expense of others -RRB- ?
To get the economy going , some people will , in fact , have to bear some pain , but the increasingly skewed income distribution gives clear guidance to whom this should be : Approximately a quarter of all income in the US now goes to the top 1 % , while most Americans ' income is lower today than it was a dozen years ago .
So , should innocent victims and those who gained nothing from fake prosperity really be made to pay even more ?
If there is pain to be borne , the brunt of it should be felt by those responsible for the crisis , and those who benefited most from the bubble that preceded it .
That they now looked with disfavor at Tunisia 's move from authoritarianism to democracy does not redound to their credit -- and should never be forgotten .
Virtuous though democracy is -- and as Tunisia has shown , it is far better than the alternative -- we should remember the failures of those who claim its mantle , and that there is more to true democracy than periodic elections , even when they are conducted fairly .
A good place for Tunisia 's debate to begin is deciding how far beyond the rights enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights the country should go in writing its new constitution .
The US should now do right by this peaceful and democratic country : recognize Mauritius ' rightful ownership of Diego Garcia , renegotiate the lease , and redeem past sins by paying a fair amount for land that it has illegally occupied for decades .
Now the IMF has blessed such interventions -- but , as a sop to those who are still not convinced , it suggests that they should be used only as a last resort .
On the contrary , we should have learned from the crisis that financial markets need regulation , and that cross-border capital flows are particularly dangerous .
Such regulations should be a key part of any system to ensure financial stability ; resorting to them only as a last resort is a recipe for continued instability .
The ECB should have done some thinking before it let this state of affairs arise .
Indeed , more than thinking , it should have done some regulating to prevent Europe 's banks from becoming so vulnerable .
The new thinking should put people first , and banks ' shareholders and bondholders second .
Realpolitik might mean that there will be senior people from both China and the US in the top management team , but the presumption that the number two position should be filled by an American also has to go .
The world should be thankful that there is at least one .
Where she was born should not be an impediment to her prospects .
The ECB argued that taxpayers should pick up the entire tab for Greece 's bad sovereign debt , for fear that any private-sector involvement -LRB- PSI -RRB- would trigger a `` credit event , '' which would force large payouts on credit-default swaps -LRB- CDSs -RRB- , possibly fueling further financial turmoil .
But , if that is a real fear for the ECB -- if it is not merely acting on behalf of private lenders -- surely it should have demanded that the banks have more capital .
Likewise , the ECB should have barred banks from the risky CDS market , where they are held hostage to ratings agencies ' decisions about what constitutes a `` credit event . ''
Indeed , the most curious aspect of the ECB 's position was its threat not to accept restructured government bonds as collateral if the ratings agencies decided that the restructuring should be classified as a credit event .
-LRB- Remarkably , the Obama administration claims that veterans ' right to appeal to the courts should be restricted ! -RRB-
Markets work the way they should only when they operate within a framework of appropriate government regulations ; and that framework can be erected only in a democracy that reflects the general interest -- not the interests of the 1 % .
But it is the IMF that should be castigated -- for pushing an economic theory that was rejected long ago .
On key issues within Brazil , however , a broad political consensus -LRB- not unanimity , but no one should expect that ! -RRB- exists , and this includes all the major contenders in Brazil 's forthcoming presidential election in October .
With strong exports , it should have no problem meeting its debt obligations , so long as interest rates do not soar to levels that turn a problem into a self-fulfilling prophecy .
What is lacking now is consensus about what should be done .
The next IMF team should reflect on the following questions and lessons :
Before forcing changes on the international economic system , overwhelming evidence should support it .
Before imposing policies with devastating consequences , strong evidence should show that the policies will work .
Why shout that government should not intervene in markets , claiming that markets are efficient , yet intervene in currency markets ?
? Economic reforms may entail pain , but the pain the poor must bear should not be minimized .
As a public institution , it should be guided by democratic principles .
Decisions about which policy to choose is a matter best left to a country 's political processes ; they should not be usurped by international bureaucrats , no matter how competent .
Accounting Tricks Around the Globe Accounting chicanery will be high on the agenda of the bankers who will meet at the annual IMF\/World Bank gathering in Washington , D.C. . The IMF should do more than offer the private sector advice about how to fix its accounting problems ; governmental accounting tricks and the IMF 's own wheezes should also be addressed , says Nobel laureate Joseph Stiglitz .
But the scale of this corruption should not blind us to the problem of public sector accounting , where many deceitful things are also being done .
In some of the poorest countries in the world - ie , those most dependent on aid - the IMF has argued that foreign aid should not be listed as revenue in a government 's budget calculations .
By the IMF 's logic , neither aid nor tax revenues should be included in budgets .
The absurdity here is the idea that all foreign aid should be added to reserves .
Why should n't they ?
The Bush Administration should admit this , and redesign a tax program to strengthen the economy by making the country live within its means .
Indeed , should the US go to war , no one can predict the effect on oil supplies .
So those who celebrate the new US\/Chile trade agreement should be cautious . It may inhibit Chile 's ability to protect itself against the vagaries of capital markets , and it may not lead to either truly free or fair trade .
A few years ago , Alan Blinder , then Vice Chairman of America 's Federal Reserve Board , was excoriated for stating the obvious : that monetary policy should target not only inflation , but also unemployment , and that , at least in the short run , there may be a trade-off between the two .
When an economy faces a downturn , one should engage in expansionary fiscal policies .
But the EU -- indeed , every country -- should seek automatic stabilizers , policies that automatically boost the economy in a downturn .
The lesson for Europe is clear : the EU should redefine its Stability Pact in terms of the structural or full employment deficit -- what the fiscal deficit would be if the economy were performing at full employment .
In the long run , governments should run balanced budgets , with surpluses in good years making up for deficits in bad years .
In the long run , we should be concerned not just with the pace of economic growth but with the type of society that is created .
These failures suggest that we should have less confidence in the supposed professional skills of technocrats -- or at least less confidence than they have in themselves .
Developing countries , the technocrats said , should do likewise .
Moreover , you should care about equity .
Technocrats and financial market players who benefit from this institutional arrangement have done an impressive job of convincing many countries of its virtues , and of the need to treat monetary policy as a technical matter that should be put above politics .
Who bears it varies with different policies , and that is a decision that can not -- or at least should not -- be left to central bank technocrats .
While there is a legitimate debate about the degree of independence accorded to central banks and other decision-making bodies , within a democracy , the perspectives of those whose well-being is affected by the decisions taken should be represented in the process .
Whatever the merits of a common currency , those in Europe deliberating about adopting the Euro should consider whether to tie their fortunes to an institutional arrangement whose flaws are increasingly apparent .
Yet all over the world , developing countries are told that central banks should focus exclusively on price stability .
Those in Mexico , Indonesia , Brazil , India and other emerging markets should be told a quite different message : do not strive for a mythical free-market economy , which has never existed .
Instead , developing economies should look carefully , not at what America says , but at what it did in the years when America emerged as an industrial power , and what it does today .
If I injure you , you should be able to sue me .
In other realms , however , we are only beginning to think about what corporate responsibility should mean for our legal system .
These institutions knew , or they should have known , that their loans and aid was not going to help the country 's desperately poor people . It would only leave them deeper in debt .
Today , we believe that individuals , corporations , and institutions should be held accountable for their actions .
But what should that mean , if it is to be more than rhetoric ?
For a start , it means debt forgiveness : international lenders may not be able to compensate fully the damage caused when their money helps maintain odious autocrats in power , but at least the victims should not be burdened by a disastrous financial legacy .
Why should n't Sweden be part of that success story ?
Whether the Euro - with its associated institutions , including an independent European Central Bank -LRB- ECB -RRB- which focuses on inflation - is `` good '' or `` bad '' should be judged by economic performance - whether it leads to faster , steadier growth .
A good monetary system should protect an economy against such shocks .
Those responsible for such economic mismanagement should be held accountable .
But we should expect more of the IMF than just doing less harm than in the past .
The issue of the day was whether China 's exchange rate is overvalued , and if so , what should be done about it .
The failed WTO meeting in Cancun of two weeks ago should serve as a warning : something is fundamentally wrong with how the global trading system is managed .
Short run concerns , however , should not distract the G-7 from long run issues .
It is in light of this that Putin 's moves against Khodorkovsky should be seen .
When the Berlin Wall fell , the countries of Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union began transitions to a market economy , with heated debates over how this should be accomplished . One choice was shock therapy - quick privatization of state-owned assets and abrupt liberalization of trade , prices , and capital flows - while the other was gradual market liberalization to allow for the rule of law to be established at the same time .
This record suggests that one should think twice before trying shock therapy again .
This does not mean that the world should abandon Iraq .
But the international community should direct its money to humanitarian causes , such as hospitals and schools , rather than backing American designs .
The war on terrorism and in Iraq has distracted much of the world 's attention from the pressing issue of how globalization should be managed so that it benefits everyone .
Surely , in choosing its leader , an international public institution should look for the most qualified person , and the choice should be made in as open and transparent manner as possible .
Yet in the end , an agreement between America and Europe dictated that the leader of the IMF should be a European .
These are big changes , and they should be lauded .
It is here that Germany should take pause and look at the record .
Over the past three and a half years , the economy should have created some 4 to 6 million jobs to provide employment for new entrants into the labor force .
But there is , I think , an even deeper reason for concerns about outsourcing of , say , hi-tech jobs to India : it destroys the myth - which has been a central tenet of the globalization debate in the US and other advanced industrial countries - that workers should not be afraid of globalization .
But this is supposedly a good thing , not a bad thing , because America should be specializing in its areas of comparative advantage , involving skilled labor and advanced technology .
First , as America grapples with the challenges of adjusting to globalization , it should be more sensitive to the plight of developing countries , which have far fewer resources to cope .
The abuses should have been covered months ago .
But under the international rules that America is supposed to follow , wars should not be undertaken based on the judgment of one individual and his cabal .
Congress and the press should have checked the president .
This , too , should be a high priority of a true development round .
Moreover , such fluctuations are amplified by borrowing in good years , so countries should resist foreign lenders who try to persuade them of the virtues of such capital flows .
This should be stopped .
Abundant natural resources can and should be a blessing , not a curse .
But there is a broader issue at stake in such cases : to what extent should a CEO be held responsible for what happens under his watch ?
But there is a fundamental sense in which Bush , like Ken Lay , is culpable , and must be held accountable . Just as a CEO with a record not only of poor performance , but also of massive corporate misconduct , should be fired , so , too , should political leaders be held to a similar standard .
The European Union was simply doing what it should do , following well established procedures .
Historically , the US has exercised enormous leadership in a world committed to the proposition that no state should dictate collective decisions .
But they do not want America alone to shoulder the burdens of international peace , and they are gradually coming to the realization that leadership and cooperation do not come automatically , simply because America is the only superpower .
The rhetoric and posturing , the lack of commitment to human rights or democratic processes , may be - and should be - upsetting , but there will be far more bark than bite .
America and the world should remember : Argentina 's privatization of its pension system was at the center of its recent fiscal woes .
Why should the search for Wolfensohn 's successor be limited to an American -LRB- and especially an American loyal to a particular political party -RRB- ?
Why should the world settle for anything less than candidates of this caliber ?
Former President Jimmy Carter , whose Atlanta center monitors elections around the globe , has raised questions about whether America 's recent election lives up to the standards the United States should uphold .
While something should be done , the magnitude of the problem hardly foreshadows a crisis .
These countries should be given incentives to maintain their forests . -LRB- There are , as always , technical issues to be resolved , concerning monitoring and measurement , but these can be overcome easily with modern technologies . -RRB-
At the very least , markets like ETS should credit emissions reductions that result from limiting deforestation .
This is an initiative around which all countries can and should rally .
The G-8 leaders should heed the call .
Agreement by the G-8 to debt relief is a major event , but we should not be fooled by the seeming magnanimity of the gesture : much of the debt would not have been repaid in any case .
But debt relief should be viewed as just a start .
But no one argues that the US should cut off defense expenditures .
The objective should be to improve the efficiency of government , to make sure that we get the most value for what we spend .
In any case , not much weight , in my judgment , should be given to the IMF 's statistical studies of the impact of foreign aid on growth , partly because the results do not appear to be very robust .
But if that were the objective , clearly a long list of countries should have been drawn up , and it is hardly certain that Iraq would have come out on top .
This should enhance confidence in the UN .
With confidence in Bush 's economic management almost as low as confidence in his management of the Iraq war , there is every reason to worry that should one of these crises emerge , it will not be well managed .
What should now be clear is that this decision by the American government , taken largely behind closed doors , affects more than Wall Street , more than America : it affects the whole world .
America has heralded globalization . But it should now recognize that with globalization comes interdependence , and with interdependence comes the need for collective decision making in all the areas that affect us collectively .
Bolivians wonder why investments of some $ 3 billion should entitle foreign investors to 82 % of the country 's vast gas reserves , now estimated to be worth $ 250 billion .
On May 2 , Morales simply reversed the percentages , pending renegotiation of the contracts : the companies operating in the two largest fields would get 18 % of the production for themselves . As part of this new deal , Bolivia should also get a larger share when prices increase .
And should Bolivia , or foreign companies , reap most of the windfall gains from increases in energy prices ?
In the future , companies and countries should agree on a simple principle : there should be , to paraphrase President Woodrow Wilson 's memorable words , `` open contracts , openly and transparently arrived at . ''
For now , the world should celebrate the fact that Bolivia has a democratically elected leader attempting to represent the interests of the poor people of his country .
Developing countries can not , and should not , open up their markets fully to America 's agricultural goods unless US subsidies are fully eliminated .
If markets are opened up , countries should be given the right to countervail American and European subsidies .
I have also written about globalization 's anomalies : money should flow from rich to poor countries , but in recent years it has been going in the opposite direction .
At a minimum , Western governments and corporations should not be complicit .
Still , some suggest that because we are not certain about how bad global warming will be , we should do little or nothing .
To me , uncertainty should make us act more resolutely today , not less .
As one scientist friend puts it : if you are driving on a mountain road , approaching a cliff , in a car whose brakes may fail , and a fog bank rolls in , should you drive more or less cautiously ?
We have but one planet , and should treasure it .
Thus , monetary authorities should simply focus on price stability by targeting the rate of unemployment at which inflation does not increase , referred to as the `` non-accelerating inflation rate of unemployment '' -LRB- NAIRU -RRB- .
In this view , the Federal Reserve should aggressively pursue low unemployment , until it is shown that inflation is rising .
Nor is there evidence that inflation , should it increase slightly , can not be reversed at a relatively minor cost -- comparable to the benefits of additional employment and growth enjoyed in the excessive expansion of the economy that led to the increase in inflation .
But it is a misuse of that analysis to conclude that nothing can be done about unemployment , or that monetary authorities should focus exclusively on inflation .
With two of the world 's largest economies facing sustained deflation in the last few years , and inflation contained almost everywhere , the focus should not be inflation , but rather unemployment and underutilization of economic capacity .
Even his call for energy independence should be seen for what it is -- a new rationale for old corporate subsidies .
Most people do not pay for what they consume ; they rely on others to judge what they should consume , and prices do not influence these judgments as they do with conventional commodities .
Europeans should not be dismayed by comparisons of GDP growth in Europe and , say , the United States .
More importantly , the EU 's success should not be measured only by particular pieces of legislation and regulation , or even in the prosperity that economic integration has brought .
This stands as an example that the world should emulate -- one of shared rights and responsibilities , including the obligation to help the less fortunate .
But if China wants a dynamic innovation system , it should resist pressure by Western governments to adopt the kind of unbalanced intellectual property laws that are being demanded .
Instead , it should pursue a `` balanced '' intellectual property regime : because knowledge itself is the most important input in the production of knowledge , a badly designed intellectual property regime can stifle innovation -- as has been the case in America in some areas .
We should all hope that China 's new economic model succeeds .
The World Bank , in its efforts to support democracy and good governance , must insist on the highest standards of due process : charges of corruption should be treated seriously , and the evidence turned over to national authorities for use in open , transparent , and independent proceedings .
Regardless of whether the old boy system is preserved -- but especially if it is -- the Bank 's Board should likewise conduct open hearings on Bush 's nominee to succeed Wolfowitz .
Here are some of the questions -- with some hints at right and wrong answers -- that it should ask any proposed candidate for the Bank 's presidency , including Bush 's nominee , Robert Zoellick :
Do you believe that the president of the World Bank should put the interests of developing countries first ?
The Bank should be viewed , in part , as a Knowledge Bank , and it should advocate reforms that enhance developing countries ' access to knowledge .
Do you think countries that are corrupt should be cut off from funding ?
If not , how should the Bank respond ?
Do you think the World Bank should do more to encourage countries to adopt core labor standards ?
The world should know what it is getting . Open hearings would be a step in the right direction .
While natural resource wealth should make it easier to create a more equalitarian society , countries with more resources , on average , are marked by greater inequality .
Malaysia 's success thus should be studied both by those looking for economic prosperity and those seeking to understand how our world can live together , not just with toleration , but also with respect , sharing their common humanity and working together to achieve common goals .
But those from whom they buy them should provide a guarantee , so the public does not have to pay the price for their bad investment decisions .
Equity owners in banks should not get a free ride .
One concrete action that should be taken at Bali is support for the initiative of the Rainforest Coalition , a group of developing countries that want help to maintain their forests . These countries are providing environmental services for which they have not been compensated .
These include , first , that solutions to global warming require the participation of all countries . Second , there can be no free riders , so trade sanctions -- the only effective sanctions that the international community currently has -- can and should be imposed on those not going along .
The only principle that has some ethical basis is equal emission rights per capita -LRB- with some adjustments -- for instance , the US has already used up its share of the global atmosphere , so it should have fewer emission allowances -RRB- .
The Bali meeting 's participants should bear this in mind : global warming is too important to be held hostage to another attempt at squeezing the poor .
America , in turn , said that the world should be thankful : by living beyond its means , it helped keep the global economy going , especially given high savings rates in Asia , which accumulated hundreds of billions of dollars in reserves .
After seven years in which America has seen its national debt rise from $ 5.6 trillion to $ 9 trillion , this should be welcome news -- but the timing could n't be worse .
But if they raise interest rates relentlessly to meet inflation targets , we should prepare for the worst : another episode of stagflation .
The answer came in the form of `` inflation targeting , '' which says that whenever price growth exceeds a target level , interest rates should be raised .
Does that mean that these developing countries should raise their interest rates far more than the US ?
Indeed , given the size of the US economy , a slowdown there might conceivably have a far bigger effect on global prices than a slowdown in any developing country , which suggests that , from a global perspective , US interest rates , not those in developing countries , should be raised .
First , politicians , or central bankers , should not be blamed for imported inflation , just as we should not give them credit for low inflation when the global environment is benign .
In addition , some of the billions spent to subsidize Western farmers should now be spent to help poorer developing countries meet their basic food and energy needs .
Knight recognized that a significant distinction should be drawn between outcomes whose probabilities are well characterized -LRB- `` risks '' -RRB- and those where this is not possible -LRB- `` uncertainties '' -RRB- .
What options should be considered ?
How should we classify and prioritize costs and benefits ?
This should give confidence to investors .
Here are three priorities that should guide us :
The IMF 's Lending Overhaul The International Monetary Fund should be an essential port of call for emerging-market and developing countries facing financing needs .
First and foremost , our financing packages should be large enough relative to the size of the problem to make a difference .
Moreover , while it remains essential to attach policy conditions to IMF-supported programs , they should be focused squarely on solving a country 's critical problems , so that the conditions will be relevant rather than intrusive .
How quickly fiscal retrenchment should be launched -- and the right balance between higher taxes and lower spending -- will vary by country , reflecting factors like the strength of the economic recovery , the market 's appetite for debt , and initial spending and revenue ratios .
And we should explore whether a system of global rules aimed at reducing the volatility of capital flows would be useful .
Just as a family backstops its savings with insurance , countries should be able to tap into a global financial safety net .
China has long threatened to use force if the international community should formally recognize Taiwan 's independence .
This has allowed Ma 's administration to claim credit for improving relations with China . But the fundamental causes underlying the threat of a China-Taiwan war -- and conflict between China and the US , which has long been committed to supporting Taiwan should China seek to determine its status unilaterally -- have not been removed .
As a rising superpower , China should feel confident that time is on its side .
`` When you investigate historical facts , you should respect the truth .
Rather , deficit countries need to export their way back to balance , while imports should increase in surplus countries .
At the national level , reform of social protection systems in developed countries , and the expansion of such systems in developing countries , should seek to ensure greater economic security as well as labor flexibility .
Secure and decent employment is surely at the top of most personal agendas , as it should be with respect to national agendas .
But food can not be treated as just another commodity , and governments should develop appropriate policies , infrastructure , and institutions to ensure food security -LRB- not to be equated with total self-sufficiency -RRB- at the national or regional level .
But we should not rush to abandon bio-fuels , despite some undoubtedly poor policies in recent years .
Structural transformations should promote full and productive employment as well as decent work , while governments should have enough policy and fiscal space to enable them to play a proactive role and to provide adequate universal social protection .
These issues can be addressed only through systemic reform over the medium term , while the recovery effort should remain the global priority in the near term .
Such a threat should not be taken lightly .
The same arc of development can and should be limned for the southern Mediterranean .
In order to connect our societies in positive ways , we should seriously consider liberalizing trade regimes , opening new avenues for legal migration , and vastly expanding the number of students from the region who come to Europe for education and professional training .
Their talents and energy should now be cultivated and harnessed to help rebuild their societies .
Building the institutions of a market economy should be the main focus , not alignment with expensive EU standards in food production or the environment ;
The EU should gradually phase out its Common Agricultural Policy , which primarily benefits owners of large farms , and instead develop new instruments of financial assistance for its own poor regions and its new neighbors ;
The main actors providing international assistance - including the World Bank , International Monetary Fund , EBRD , the EU itself and the United Nations Development Programme - should ensure a minimum level of co-ordination to avoid duplication and waste .
Berlusconi 's Silent Majority Economic Policy , April 2001 , www.economic-policy.org -RRB- , of those who answered or had an opinion , 51 % in Italy wanted a smaller welfare state -- i.e. , they thought that the government should reduce taxes while at the same time cutting pensions and other transfers to households .
The US economy , it should be remembered , finished 2002 with an annual growth rate of 2.5 % -- above the long-run trend estimated for the Euro area by many experts , including the European Central Bank .
The `` Gang of 16 '' is absolutely right that the EU should have a single president , not two .
But delegates to the Convention should not stop there .
Countries should be given the option of allocating their electoral college votes via either universal suffrage or a vote in the national parliament .
Delegates to the Convention should keep in mind the provision of the Socratic Oath that reminds physicians , `` First do no harm . ''
Whatever the reason for the observed positive cross-country correlation between income and democracy , it should not be confused with causality .
Nevertheless , we should remember the lessons of history .
We should insist that Egypt or Pakistan improve their market system , apply the rule of law , and open their economies to international trade and capital movements .
Allowing free elections and true political competition is also critically important , but this should follow economic reforms , not precede them .
In some cases , this will harm free trade , and governments should be careful to avoid measures that distort resource allocation .
Indeed , Koizumi 's government demonstrated the best way to tackle fiscal consolidation . Koizumi decided that a primary budget balance should be restored in 10 years .
This should not be surprising . He used to be involved in civic movements and groups -- like environmental organizations -- that take little heed of the need for economic growth .
Indeed , any Japanese who thinks that complacency is an option should look to Argentina .
To achieve this , the United States and China must reconcile their very different views of how a market economy should operate .
So what policies should be implemented in response to these economic blows ?
Nor should they produce any return in the long run , as their business model remains identical to what it was before , with only cosmetic modifications concerning trading risks .
Their first step should be to separate banks according to their compensation criteria .
Brazilian growth will soon to rest on the shoulders of a product that is the main source of global warming .
A recent opinion poll in Japan shows that 68 % of Japanese believe that the US and Britain should not attack Iraq .
But at times like these , when issues such as North Korea 's bid to acquire nuclear weapons and a possible US-led war against Iraq provoke heated debate in the international community , the Japanese public is also engaged in frequent , daily exchanges about what Japan should do .
While unequivocally commending America 's tough stance in pressuring Iraq , Japan should not hesitate to deliver a clear message to the US : exercise patience to avoid war .
But Japan 's government also must stop prevaricating with the Japanese people : it should welcome and encourage debate about Japan 's defense posture , without fearing that the US-Japan friendship is so fragile that it will be destroyed .
This should come as no surprise , as the Chinese government does not plan to hold free and fair elections soon .
But perhaps we should feel some guilt .
It is not for me to say that Taiwan should be recognized as an independent country .
The international community should do more to usher Taiwan into the international mainstream .
With its constitutional majority , the government should ensure this outcome by restoring the 1972 Constitution , which established Bangladesh as a secular democratic state .
Stabilizing the Horn STRASBOURG -- After almost two decades as a failed state torn by civil war , perhaps the world should begin to admit that Somalia -- as it is currently constructed -- is beyond repair .
But Somaliland 's strategic position near the world 's major oil-transport routes , now plagued by piracy , and chaos in the country 's south , mean that independence should no longer be dismissed out of hand .
Indeed , following a fact-finding mission in 2007 , a consensus is emerging within the EU that an African Union country should be the first to recognize Somaliland 's independence .
· No outside forces should either encourage or discourage secession , and the barriers for recognizing secession should be set high .
· A declaration of independence should be recognized only if a clear majority -LRB- well over 50 % - plus-one of the voters -RRB- have freely chosen it , ideally in an unbiased referendum .
· Secessionists should have a reasonable claim to being a national group that , preferably , enjoyed stable self-government in the past on the territory they claim .
The way in which the inhabitants of this archipelago were systematically dispossessed and thrown off their land in the name of Western strategic interests is a human tragedy for which the West can and should make restitution .
Ten years ago , the Chagossians won a tremendous victory in the British High Court , which ruled that the islanders ' expulsion had been unlawful , and that they should be allowed to return .
The rest of the world should support them before it is too late .
Indeed , the EU should regard growth in India not as a competitive threat but as a golden opportunity that will benefit everyone .
The possibility of degrading Iran 's nuclear weapons program through military action can not be totally discounted , although it should of course be the last option and would be immensely risky even if militarily possible .
As an organ of the EU , the EIB should be pursuing an ethical investment policy .
For example , British Petroleum -LRB- BP -RRB- , to its credit , has disinvested from Iran on ethical grounds , an example that other European firms should follow .
But Europe should look beyond Berlusconi 's careless tongue when gauging the nature of his regime .
Finally , the Northern League demands that fiscal federalism should be the main goal of reform .
After the popular upheaval that ousted President Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali from power , the peril of supporting Arab autocrats in exchange for flimsy stability should have once again become apparent to Western powers .
Even if this plan has not been realized , the rationale behind it should be of no little concern to Italy 's international partners .
But Europeans should make no mistake about the consequences .
The US should begin to work with these countries not only on this matter , but also on the elections that Myanmar military junta has promised for 2010 .
Together , they should press for assurances of a free and fair process , with the aim of avoiding the kind of mess that followed the Iranian elections .
A moral community should form in Asia , one that displaces its leaders ' usual cynical calculations of power in order to jump on the right bandwagon .
George W. Bush 's administration should be credited for giving overdue recognition to India , but this was done primarily on a bilateral basis .
The US should insist on a substantive agenda as a precondition for any Obama visit .
Of course , amendments and objections to the draft should be expected .
But more is needed and should be expected of him .
The US should welcome the Japanese initiative and engage with Asia as a whole .
Obama should stand for democracy and help push for a clean vote in the elections that the junta has promised for 2010 .
My will is thwarted , so why should I consider myself free ?
But , while the AU 's dispatch of Mbeki demonstrates serious engagement , it should not lead to a negotiated solution or a compromise that thwarts the wishes of a majority of Ivorians . Indeed , in recent years an unfortunate trend has emerged in African politics : losing candidates , unhappy with their election results , unleash violence until the only option for mediators is to grant them a continued role in government .
For its part , the Obama administration should take a number of steps to reaffirm its support for India 's rise , its democratic achievements , and its struggle for security .
Notably , the US should reaffirm its support for a larger Indian role in international organizations and help integrate India into the global non-proliferation regime .
In this context , the Obama administration should endorse India 's quest for a permanent seat on the United Nations Security Council .
Obama should also support India 's membership in key non-proliferation organizations like the Nuclear Suppliers Group and the Missile Technology Control Regime .
In short , India 's government should look for ways to sustain America 's interest in India during difficult times .
Both countries should consolidate their cooperation in other areas already agreed upon : agriculture , education , health care , energy , and science and technology .
In addition , the US and India should create innovation partnerships , which would not only yield direct returns to both countries , but would also demonstrate how a strong bilateral relationship can improve the international system .
The US and India should expand cooperation on other multilateral issues as well .
Moreover , Obama should resist the urge to approach the bilateral relationship purely in transactional terms , but instead should seek to strengthen India 's long-term capacity to be a productive partner with the US .
In short , Obama ought not to ask , `` What will India do for us ? '' , but rather , `` Is a strong , democratic and independent India in America 's national interest ? '' If the answer to this question is yes -- as it should be -- then the US should focus on how it can help India 's power continue to grow .
The aim should be to help create that capacity .
Donors should support an education policy rather than build a photogenic school ; aid a health campaign rather than construct a glittering clinic ; or do both -- but as part of a policy or a campaign , not as stand-alone projects .
NEW DELHI -- A recent court ruling has revealed India 's strengths and limitations as it grapples with its transformation from a land handcuffed to history -- ever since the Partition of 1947 , which carved Pakistan out of its stooped shoulders -- into a modern global giant .
Neither should there be excitement in civil disobedience , which is a preparation for mute suffering . ''
It should emerge from the experience with its reputation and credibility as a major global player enhanced .
That is how it should be : India is a fractious democracy , China is not .
Considering the huge impact worldwide of depression on health , health care costs , and the ability to work , so much information should be good news .
None of these findings have been shown to be of any help for deciding which patients should be treated with what therapies over what period of time .
Melancholia , a depressive subtype with more biological abnormalities , should be another candidate for treatment studies , yet few have been undertaken .
The uncertainties are not so much about treatments , because patients with similar levels of severity should respond in rather similar ways regardless of the treatment setting .
If so , many more patients should probably be recommended to receive long-term treatment with antidepressants .
Moreover , the first depressive episode occurs in ever-younger children or adolescents , implying that research on primary or secondary prevention should receive higher priority .
Yet , when it comes to protecting this global treasure , these countries are expected to shoulder the burden by themselves .
This should come as no surprise .
Governments throughout the EU should focus on raising productivity -- not just in the most internationally exposed sectors , like manufacturing , but also in less tradable sectors , such as services , which now account for around two-thirds of economic activity .
All eurozone countries should , therefore , finance debt by issuing bonds that would be jointly guaranteed by all member states .
`` We should fully equip ourselves both in the offensive and defensive use of chemical , bacteriological , and radiological weapons , '' urging the audience to `` make use of the opportunity and perform this task . ''
On the contrary , it should finalize further enlargement : the economic crisis has clearly demonstrated that the EU can not afford black holes on the map of Europe .
Logically , the surveillance system should operate by extracting the entire subset of data required for surveillance purposes from each health-care provider 's patient management information system -LRB- `` front-end capture '' -RRB- .
Of course , civilized countries should not give up the fight against extremist Islam because of the bloodshed in Iraq ; but we must recognize that war , occupation , and forced submission to military power have merely caused mass humiliation and resentment among many ordinary Muslims -- emotions that are then channeled into terrorist networks .
We should work for this type of dialogue by beginning with simple and modest initiatives .
Some measures of this type already exist in the European Union , but they should be introduced elsewhere : North Africa , the Middle East , India , China , Japan , and Latin America .
More democracy and material welfare probably can co-exist with realistic local autonomy , whereas partition , it should be remembered , does not always breed political pluralism , social cohesion , and economic well-being .
Latin America should seize this moment of diplomatic strength to start a new dialogue with the US aimed at renegotiating the terms of the relationship .
Alencar has suggested that Brazil should `` advance '' in the development of nuclear weapons , while Chávez has strengthened his alliance with Iran on this front .
This , it added , `` should provide comfort . ''
This requires a different governance structure in which power is more evenly distributed , so that the IMF can effectively exercise surveillance where it should , not just where it can .
Ironically , this is happening at a moment when the Fund should want to be lending : it is awash in liquidity and has almost no sources of income other than repayment of its loans .
The implication is that potential borrowers are not absorbing as many imports as they could and not relying , as they should , on the multilateral pooling of reserves that the Fund is meant to use to `` give confidence '' to its members .
If the IMF is to provide short-term liquidity to members in need , a crucial question that must be resolved is whether such financial assistance should be available only to those with strong macroeconomic fundamentals .
The IMF must change this . `` Normal access '' should be raised to levels that are concomitant with members ' potential need to borrow , and a new liquidity line to provide reliable and meaningful front-loaded financial support should be created .
So the Kremlin should strive for voluntary recognition of its leadership based on economic and social achievements .
In the meantime , America and Europe should base their policies toward Russia on mutual interests , not the expectation of mutual values .
The Forgotten Virtues of Free Trade LONDON -- `` Laissez-faire , '' French President Nicolas Sarkozy recently declared , `` is finished . '' Perhaps , but should we really be satisfied if he is right ?
We should not romanticize this earlier era of free trade .
As Prime Minister Vladimir Putin remarked at a recent meeting with the CEO of state-owned bank VTB , `` Perhaps we should buy something -LRB- abroad -RRB- ?
This should bring better mutual understanding and a more rational and accountable foreign policy .
While one can argue that one-off devaluation was risky -- as it could have triggered a panic -- gradual depreciation should have started earlier than it did .
Moreover , many empirical analyses show that real convergence should not be a serious obstacle to enlargement .
Far from being actual or potential obstacles to material success , it is precisely such values that should be celebrated and actively projected into Europe 's economy .
Perhaps the most urgent example is Europe 's moral leadership on climate change , which , supported through policies such as the Lisbon Strategy , should be translated into technical leadership and early entry into lucrative markets for low-carbon products .
Europe should therefore become a magnet for creative people from all over the world and should , based on its rich cultural heritage , raise its own .
This will require an explicit emphasis on ensuring the conditions that promote and sustain creativity , and the updated Lisbon Strategy that is to be launched in March should include a commitment that Europe will move in this direction .
But we should not underplay the importance of ideology .
We believe , as was recognized at the UN World Summit , that military force should only be a last resort when needed to prevent or halt large-scale loss of life .
Here too , however , actual military intervention should only be a last resort .
Once again , the African Union , with the support of the UN , should provide the leadership that would demonstrate that Africa has the capacity and the will to resolve a great crisis in a manner that mitigates the suffering of African people .
First is Oleksander Moroz 's left-wing bloc . Those who favor the Left should support the Moroz bloc instead of the Communists , who are locked in the blind alley of the past .
Endorsing the claim to arbitrary power is the cardinal heresy of those who say we should certify property stolen from the state as rightfully owned .
It must consider where and in what sort of Europe it fits , what balance it should strike between Russia and the European Union , and how it should find the self-assurance needed to play its full part in world affairs .
In broad terms , Ukraine seeks security and stability , and it should be remembered that our record here is strong .
But Ukrainians do not feel as secure as they should .
Yanukovich 's `` Party of the Regions '' has been leading in opinion polls for months , and the world should remember that Yushchenko 's ultimate triumph over him in 2004 was by a whisker , not a landslide .
Some say we should not worry , that democracy and the market are now too well established in Ukraine to be replaced ; that reform is irreversible ; and that the country 's ruling oligarchic clans , like those of Eastern Europe , will in time become law-abiding capitalists .
This is why our people should know precisely what they are voting for this Sunday .
President Yushchenko should do the same .
Europe 's leaders should engage in frank discussions about where European and Russian interests converge or differ , and these discussions should include regional neighbors that are both producer and transit nations , like my own country , Ukraine .
Russia should be welcome in institutions and agreements that foster cooperation , with reciprocal rights and responsibilities .
Russian President Vladimir Putin argues that Iran , unlike North Korea , has not expelled IAEA nuclear inspectors , quit the Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- or tested a weapon -- so it should be dealt with gently .
None of this should be surprising , given how our corrupt rulers systematically incite regional and ethnic hatred .
Even those Europeans who believe -- wrongly -- that democracy does not easily take root in post-Soviet countries should recognize that our people now feel empowered .
Ukraine 's neighbors should now help us by offering support and hope .
Why should people outside of Ukraine care ?
Of course , Ukraine 's plight does not mean that the people of Egypt and Tunisia should spurn the call for free elections .
Yanukovich 's naked attempt to hijack the election that precipitated the Orange Revolution should have caused him to be banned from running in future elections .
Constitutions can , and should , accommodate reform when necessary .
But these should be made conditional on Kuchma leaving the country 's constitution and democracy alone .
The EU should not fret about interfering in Ukraine 's domestic affairs .
Similarly , the US should cast a wary eye at Kuchma 's decision to send troops to Iraq .
Within Ukraine , a government capable of truly governing should seek to adopt EU laws and norms in exactly the manner that the countries poised to join the Union have done , thus helping to clean up the murky system in which Kuchma 's criminal cronies flourish .
No one should doubt that Kuchma intends to stay in power , no matter what .
But that trade should reflect Ukraine 's competing with the world , unconstrained by a private deal that excludes outsiders and their demands for a stable and predictable legal environment and the best business practices .
Current EU thinking , however , holds that Ukraine should be placed in the same framework as countries in North Africa and the Middle East .
One of the Union 's fundamental principles is that there should be freedom to move from one member country to another .
Its only serious economic demand - rightly so - is that members should have a `` functioning market economy . ''
But it is too easy to say what should not be done .
In the absence of any `` miracle '' cure , the medium-term aim should be to renew and strengthen the framework for international economic and trade cooperation .
Remedial action in Europe should include completing the internal market .
Moreover , in sharp contrast to the majority of NATO members , Turkey maintains that Iran and Syria should not be viewed as threats .
First , the system should take into consideration current security risks , based on the existing missile capabilities of non-NATO countries .
Second , it should cover all of Turkey 's territory .
At the least , companies should earn carbon credits for the CO2 they capture and store .
But it offers the world the best chance of reaching a sustainable energy future unscathed , so we should explore this route with the same ingenuity and persistence that put humans on the moon and created the digital age .
And governments will determine whether we should prepare for bitter competition or a true team effort .
The common aim should be to remove the threat posed by a dictator with so well-documented a predilection for weapons of mass destruction .
2 . showing some understanding for the view of some in the Bush administration that the US should not be bogged down by a continent that is soft , decadent and moralizing .
If President Bush then opts for regime change , Europe should not opt out .
Ideally , this should come about in a manner similar to democratic transitions in Latin America in the 1980 's , when authoritarian , army-backed rulers yielded to popular demands for radical , democratic regime change .
Unlike in Tunisia , Europeans and Americans should increase the pressure on Egypt 's leaders -- primarily the military at this stage -- to start fulfilling the regime 's promises of political reform .
The tragic consequences of eleventh-hour attempts to save the Shah in Iran should not be forgotten .
It is still too soon , however , to conclude that Europeans have finally overcome their fear of Arab democracy and will not be tempted to accept milder forms of `` liberal authoritarianism '' should the crisis drag on or a military takeover occur .
Bush 's Dying Days in Gaza PARIS -- During a visit to the Middle East , Secretary of Defense Robert Gates warned that enemies of the United States should not use the power vacuum there to try to alter the status quo or to undermine the new American president 's objectives .
It could , in effect , pave the way for the new Obama administration to convene an international conference to implement the two-state solution for Palestine , which should follow the ceasefire .
Such initiatives should not become bogged down in tortuous negotiations , but should focus on implementing the basic principles for a two-state solution , along the lines proposed by the Clinton administration before it left office eight years ago .
Hamas has already engaged in ceasefire negotiations and should now be brought fully into the peace process , alongside Fatah , but it will , of course , have to abandon its own strategy of force , as expressed through the rockets it has rained down on Israel .
SANTIAGO -- `` Fasten your seat belts , because it should be a bumpy ride , '' the captain warned from the cockpit .
If there was ever any doubt , events of the last few years should have reinforced the lesson that too much capital chasing short-term yield can distort exchange rates and asset prices , potentially leading to financial catastrophe .
The dollar depreciation engineered by the US Federal Reserve seems an appealing proposition from the American standpoint , but the economies of Latin America can not and should not bear the burden of dollar realignment .
These issues should be put on the table by the G-20 's Latin American members -- Argentina , Brazil , and Mexico .
But perhaps finance ministers in Lima , Bogota , Pretoria , or Jakarta should have been more careful about what they wished for .
This is not to say that a single economic policy should be imposed on everyone ; but Europe does need a higher degree of coordination and convergence to ensure that everyone is at least heading in the same direction .
He later argued that Danone should be considered `` French '' because its `` milk collection and its water sources are in France . ''
But , as these institutions mature , a more coherent EU foreign policy should emerge .
India should not regard Africa as simply a source of natural resources .
But shared know-how should move beyond economic links .
Indeed , it is remarkable that , with General Motors seemingly unresponsive to consumer demand , there is now a debate about whether it should be forced to produce more fuel-efficient cars .
For example , capital charges should account for the degree of friction and rivalry in the banking sector , with tighter requirements in more competitive contexts .
It follows , then , that prudential regulation and competition policy in banking should be coordinated .
This is all the more true in crisis situations , in which a protocol of collaboration should be implemented to delineate liquidity help from recapitalization , and to establish the conditions for restructuring in order to avoid competitive distortions .
The narrow aim should be to nip terrorism in the bud , and the broader aim should be to open a dialogue with the Muslim community .
Normal individuals often need and deserve help , but the decision as to the kind of help they get should not be biased by incorrect labeling of their conditions as mental disorders that suggest something is internally wrong with them .
But what , if anything , should be done differently ?
Such protections should not be surrendered easily .
By all rights , her deputy , David Tolbert , an American lawyer with nine years of service at the Tribunal , should step effortlessly into her shoes .
The UN should stay the course with Tolbert as the ICTY 's fourth and final prosecutor .
Nonetheless , the importance of remittances to households in poor countries , especially during periods of external shock , holds two lessons . First , it should be easy and inexpensive for migrants to send money home .
Second , and perhaps more importantly , we should embrace migration as a proven method of bringing immediate relief and stability to poor nations .
While we should n't exaggerate the Internet 's benefits , it can reduce business costs , increase access to information , and create opportunities .
This should help to solve the problem of insufficient demand for real estate , which could have led to the collapse of China 's economy .
Everybody , it is said , should help the US put Kim Jong Il in his place .
But they also recognized that the country 's sizable , and economically powerful , Chinese and Indian minorities , among other groups , were critical to the country 's development and should be persuaded to accept the new Malay-led state as their own .
Chinese spokesmen denounced this as a throwback to the days when America thought it could , and should , try to `` contain '' the People 's Republic .
Third , the European market place should be fully integrated into the global network of financial centers , particularly those in the United States and Asia .
But the aim of creating a `` European home market '' should not be reserved for wholesale market players .
The question is not one of aligning tax rates , which can and should be determined by competition .
Convergence of national regulations should be accelerated , and closer cooperation between national authorities should become a priority .
Ultimately , the aim should be to create a single institution responsible for supervising large banks that operate across the EU , with national regulators responsible only for domestic banks .
In its substantive provisions , the European Constitution reflects the homogeneity of the European constitutional tradition . It is fully committed to the notions of freedom of religion and freedom from religion , as it should be .
But when it comes to the preamble , the EU Constitution should reflect European heterogeneity .
It should reflect the European commitment to the noble heritage of the French Revolution , as reflected in , say , the French constitution , but it should reflect in equal measure the symbolism of those constitutions that include an invocatio dei .
A similar solution should be found for the European Constitution . Europe can not preach cultural pluralism and practice constitutional imperialism .
Therefore , its focus should be less on calibrating tactics per se than on recasting the regional context in which Iran 's leaders will determine whether to proceed or desist .
The starting point should be further enhancement of conventional military forces throughout the region , which means more than increasing weapons inventories . There should be more confidence-building measures , including joint training exercises and information exchanges , among all the region 's militaries .
Instead , NATO members should pledge to defend any Middle Eastern state that is attacked with nuclear weapons .
Yet we should not deny that technology has had an important effect almost everywhere .
`` The age of American predominance is over , '' declared one economist . `` The US should brace for social unrest amid blame over who was responsible for squandering global primacy , '' said another .
Many African leaders insist that they should retain principal control of any peacekeeping force in Darfur .
A major peacekeeping operation in Darfur would likely produce a similar situation : protracted uncertainties regarding the region 's future political status , impeded socioeconomic development , persistently diverging expectations among the conflicting parties , unresolved tensions resulting from non-fulfillment of these expectations , and the likelihood of renewed violence should the foreign intervention force withdraw .
In a speech on September 18 at the Royal United Services Institute in London , NATO Secretary General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer argued that , despite differences over Georgia , Russia and the alliance should cooperate `` wherever our interests converge . ''
NATO should use these concerns to explore potential collaboration on Afghan security issues .
This collaboration should be expanded , because China and Russia , perhaps more than any other countries , share common interests with the West in Afghanistan .
Since SCO members have stated that they are not prepared to provide combat troops to the NATO-led ISAF , closer collaboration should first concentrate on revitalizing the Afghan economy and providing alternative livelihoods to those involved in narcotics .
This raises the issue of who should pay for such a mission and , more fundamentally , who can authorize it .
Since an asteroid collision could , like global climate change , affect all of humanity , should not everyone have some say in the decision ?
Perhaps every country should vote in the UN General Assembly on how to proceed ; the option receiving the most votes -- with a possible mandatory minimum requirement , such as requiring an alternative to win a majority or some higher number of votes -- would prevail .
They should instead consider cooperating on concrete BMD projects .
Better still , they should redirect their cooperative efforts to easier but important issues , such as securing stability in Afghanistan after NATO 's military withdrawal .
But celebrations should never become an excuse for complacency .
The IMF , World Bank , and WTO should not only report to , but be dependent upon this new UN reformed structure .
This is inevitable , but it should not distract us from the main findings .
But should we be skeptical of all `` talking treatments ? ''
So we should take a long , hard look at how we manage our resources .
Both should be treated as inextricably linked .
Membership in the EU should not be the determining factor in European statecraft .
Our shared European values should matter most .
Nonetheless , the potential for constructive influence remains considerable , and it should be responsive to those in Egypt who favor liberal ideas , democratic institutions , and broad distribution of the benefits of economic development .
G-8 governments should urgently and repeatedly undertake quiet , structured , and consistent communications with Egyptian counterparts about the economic reforms needed to bring about prosperity .
Indeed , Western governments should continue to use their channels to the Egyptian military and future civil leadership to encourage them to uphold the rule of law , to act with restraint , and to respect free expression .
Finally , countries supportive of a democratic Egypt should focus on encouraging the institutional and social underpinnings of democratic process and market reform .
Pragmatic steps to clarify the FSB 's mandate and enhance its operational effectiveness can and should be taken .
But , while it should identify regulatory gaps and encourage more proactive work by the various standard-setting bodies , it should not take on daily operational responsibilities .
It should , however , foster a culture of consultation with industry as a necessary dimension of legitimacy , which implies more transparent approaches to considering the market impact of proposed standards .
FSB membership should imply accountability in implementation of standards .
The Cannes Summit should articulate a renewed commitment to consistent implementation of agreed regulatory reforms , and to minimizing divergence in national regulation that could create systemic risks or significant competitive advantage .
The G-20 should provide the political support to develop a framework that relies on monitoring , consultation , mutual oversight , reporting , and publication .
Finally , the G-20 should provide the FSB with adequate institutional capacity to address its tasks , but without creating a bureaucracy .
Beyond that , the FSB should be given legal capacity through proper incorporation -- an institutionally intermediate point between its purely political status now and the extreme of a treaty organization .
After reviewing all relevant pediatric trials , the UK 's Medinces and Heathcare products Regulatory Agency -LRB- MHRA -RRB- advised that the risks outweighed the benefits for all SSRI 's -LRB- except fluoxetine -RRB- , and that these products should not be prescribed as new therapy for patients under 18 years of age with depressive illness .
In the meantime , governments and donors should consider cheaper short-term options .
The latter condition may already have been partially met , but US policies to stabilize its financial system should help avoid a major dollar slide .
Our current understanding of physics is powerful and accurate , as far as it goes , but it is not as beautiful and coherent as it should be .
Student numbers have since rebounded , despite intermittent problems , but there remain severe limits on work and residency visas , which should serve as an enticement for the best and brightest to study in the US .
The globalization of higher education should be embraced , not feared -- including in the US .
The US should respond to the globalization of higher education not with angst but with a sense of possibility .
The main innovations were based on the perception that urban development is a collective task in which local government should orient and induce private investments to achieve more livable cities .
But it should also be thinking ahead about how it can demonstrate a stronger commitment to security , democracy , and prosperity in the European `` neighborhood . ''
The EU has more scope for short-term measures , and should develop a multi-dimensional solidarity strategy as a signal to both Ukraine and Russia .
For example , the EU 's foreign ministers should invite their Ukrainian counterpart to give a briefing on Ukraine-Russia relations at their next meeting .
Ukraine should be offered a road map for visa-free travel .
The new EU-Ukraine agreement should include a beefed-up solidarity clause , building on the 1994 Budapest Memorandum , whereby the EU would consult and assist Ukraine in case of challenges to its territorial integrity and sovereignty .
And the EU should back Ukraine if it insists that the Russian Black Sea Fleet leaves on schedule in 2017 .
The EU should also launch a comprehensive study of all aspects of Europe 's reliance on Russian energy supplies , including transit , energy security and conservation , supply diversification , and the impact of `` bypass '' pipelines like Nord Stream and South Stream .
It should consider linking the opening of the Nord Stream pipeline , which would allow Russia to cut off gas to Poland and Ukraine while maintaining deliveries to Germany , to the opening of the proposed `` White Stream '' pipeline to bring gas from Azerbaijan directly to Ukraine via Georgia , bypassing Russia .
The decision to appoint Ukraine and Poland as co-hosts was a powerful symbol of European unity across the current EU border -LRB- Poland is a member , Ukraine is not -RRB- . UEFA is unhappy with Ukraine 's progress in building the necessary infrastructure , but Ukraine should be given time to get its act together .
Where appropriate , the EU should extend these measures to Moldova , which is now calling Ukraine a `` strategic shelter . ''
But Chinese policymakers should focus more on reducing the trade surplus and less on reducing investment spending -- that is , they should emphasize renminbi -LRB- RMB -RRB- appreciation over higher interest rates to cool the economy .
Investment -LRB- especially in infrastructure in backward areas and social investments -RRB- should not bear the brunt of the expenditure squeeze , because today 's investment is also tomorrow 's growth in production capacity ; and the production of more goods tomorrow would reduce inflation .
Policy makers should closely monitor potential changes in the economic conditions in the G-7 .
Moreover , the authorities should recognize that RMB appreciation is unlikely to reduce US-China trade tensions .
To jump-start progress , all NPT signatories should re-affirm that the Treaty 's provisions are mutually reinforcing and must be pursued jointly and faithfully .
On global nonproliferation , the US should push for a role for India in next year 's Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- review conference in order to complete the country 's transformation from being part of the problem to being part of the solution .
The US should tap India 's potential as an engine for economic recovery , and consult much more closely with it on matters of finance , trade , and investment .
Obama should tap the expertise and energy in the Indian and American private sectors to foster public-private partnerships on complex global problems such as climate change , agricultural transformation , education and HIV\/AIDS .
It should have disappeared when the Soviet Union collapsed and the Warsaw Pact evaporated ; its job was done .
But NATO 's repeated demonstrations of resilience should not blind us to the fact that it no longer provides a healthy basis for the transatlantic security relationship .
Americans may find their -LRB- old -RRB- European allies less pliable than before -- but they can at least count on the absence of any serious alternatives for what NATO should become , or what it should do .
Americans find their patience tried by Europeans who are free with their advice and criticism yet reluctant to shoulder risks .
The US president should keep an eye on the calendar of the European Council , which brings the EU presidents and prime ministers together four times a year , and solicit an occasional invitation .
The US mission to the EU should be scaled up , and EU representation in Washington turned into a proper embassy .
As NATO enters its twilight years , the US should encourage the EU to grow into its global responsibilities .
The US should engage not only with Burma 's leaders , but also with a wide range of groups inside the country to encourage the dialogue necessary to bring about national reconciliation of the military , democracy groups , and non-Burmese nationalities .
The removal by the US of some noneconomic sanctions designed to restrict official bilateral interaction is welcome , and an even greater relaxation in communications , through both official and unofficial channels , should be implemented .
To reach the Burmese people directly , the US should continue to develop and scale up assistance programs , while preserving cross-border assistance .
Assistance to non-governmental organizations should be expanded , and US assistance also should be targeted toward small farmers and small - and medium-sized businesses .
Educational exchanges under the Fulbright and Humphrey Scholar programs and cultural outreach activities should be increased .
US policy should shift to a more robust phase if Burmese leaders begin to relax political restrictions , institute economic reforms , and advance human rights .
If there is no recourse but to pursue stronger sanctions , the US should coordinate with others , including the European Union and ASEAN , to impose targeted financial and banking measures to ensure that military leaders and their associates can not evade the impact of what otherwise would be less-effective unilateral sanctions .
If a different scenario emerges , it should open the way for a much more active US role in assisting with capacity building , governance training , and international efforts to encourage economic reforms .
One priority should be the development of an appropriate mechanism for ensuring that revenues from the sale of natural gas are properly accounted for , repatriated , and allocated to meet urgent national needs .
Therefore , the US should make collaboration with other key stakeholders , particularly ASEAN , the United Nations , and Burma 's neighbors -- including China , India and Japan -- the centerpiece of its policy .
Though we can now debate what the penalty for water-boarding should be , America as a nation , maintaining an odd silence , still can not seem to discuss the sexual crimes involved .
The bridal videos that I was shown , with the sensuous dancing that the bride learns as part of what makes her a wonderful wife , and which she proudly displays for her bridegroom , suggested that sensuality was not alien to Muslim women . Rather , pleasure and sexuality , both male and female , should not be displayed promiscuously -- and possibly destructively -- for all to see .
But Westerners should recognize that when a woman in France or Britain chooses a veil , it is not necessarily a sign of her repression .
But travelers ' recent experiences in the US should give security officials elsewhere good reason to avoid implementing similar policies .
Years of sensitive educational outreach have finally made it the norm for American children to understand that their bodies are their own , that adults should not touch them intimately or in ways that make them uncomfortable , and that they can expect to be protected from such violation .
To anyone who has ever counseled survivors of childhood sexual abuse , this should set off alarm bells : the most common ploy of sexual predators is to portray the abuse as a `` game . ''
Though children 's identities should , of course , be shielded in sex-crime allegations , women are not children .
Citizens should be able more easily to leak information , pitch stories , and send leads to mainstream investigative reporters .
They should organize new online entities in which they pay a fee for direct investigative reporting , unmediated by corporate pressures .
And citizen investigators should be trained in basic journalism : finding good data , confirming stories with two independent sources , using quotes responsibly , and eschewing anonymity -- that is , standing by their own bylines , as conventional reporters do .
In a time of official lies , healthy investigative energy should shed light , not just generate heat .
Its substance should be something like the following :
America is neither a battlefield nor a police state , so we should send our soldiers to the actual front or else back home to their families .
Some of these skills can be learned only in universities ; others can -LRB- and should -RRB- be mastered in primary and secondary schools .
So maybe we should stop criticizing and start celebrating governments ' enthusiasm for spending on education .
Moreover , a key question about the `` good news '' is how much of it should properly be attributed to the windfall of higher oil and natural gas prices -LRB- hence , to factors not under Russia 's control -RRB- , rather than to improved economic policies and reform .
This kind of success should encourage us .
Rich countries ' larger contribution to environmental damage means that they must shoulder greater responsibility for fixing the problem .
Greater awareness of their shared problems should bring greater activism toward developing programs that meet the needs of youth .
Neither the economy in general , nor the retail sector in particular , should be adversely affected .
But even more significantly , its intentions addressed a cardinal question for Japan : who should rule , bureaucratic mandarins or elected officials ?
As the world 's richest nations gather in Canada for the annual G-7 jamboree , their leaders should ask if the US and Europe face a similar fate .
Deflation should not be hard to check , with sound policy .
If the Bank of Japan , for example , were to commit itself to a target path for a broad price index , and credibly commit to keeping interest rates low until that target is reached , this commitment would influence investor behavior . For the more that prices fall , the greater should be the confidence in future inflation , and hence perceptions of lower real interest rates .
A commitment to hold down nominal interest rates for a longer period of time should stimulate aggregate demand immediately .
The current gap between the actual and target price levels should shape private_sector expectations regarding how long interest rates are likely to remain low .
But why should the private sector believe that the central bank is serious about hitting its price_level target , if all that is observed in each period is a zero nominal interest rate and another target shortfall ?
If , say , the central bank starts buying long_term bonds from the private sector at below_market interest rates , this should help convince the public that the bank intends to stick to a future low interest_rate policy .
Any central bank facing deflation should commit itself in advance to a price-level target and pursue actions that convince the private sector that the commitment is genuine .
This does not mean that we should not chastise our dogs -LRB- or praise them -RRB- .
Nor does it mean that we should not love our dogs -- or sometimes be frustrated by them .
The same approach should work for fiscal policy .
Each country should regain full control of its fiscal policy but delegate its macroeconomic component , decisions about deficits or surpluses , to an independent Fiscal Policy Committee given the long-run mandate of stabilizing , or in some countries reducing , the size of the public debt .
Why should n't winners compensate the losers ?
Nobody 's perfect , least of all Sarkozy , so we should expect some infuriating initiatives .
For Non-KP developed countries , they should undertake comparable commitments with quantified emission reduction targets .
Developed countries should also fulfill their obligations under the Convention to provide financial support and technology transfer to enable developing countries to effectively tackle climate change .
In addition , appropriate mechanisms and institutional arrangements should be established for adaptation , financial support and technology transfer .
Indeed , resettlement of laid-off SOE employees , and other social implications of layoffs , should now be addressed primarily by government through the social safety net , rather than as part of the bankruptcy process .
But stricter and more reasonable standards should be established for courts ' approval of restructuring plans .
For example , if the required majority of shareholders adopts such a plan , the court should protect the rights of the minority of creditors who may have opposed it .
Moreover , the Bankruptcy Law , the Company Law , and the Securities Law should be well coordinated and mutually reinforcing .
But a minority school argues that China should rely instead on the country 's traditional political thought , emphasizing the universal value of traditional Chinese philosophy .
The traditionalists argue that China should assume responsibility for world affairs consistent with its status as the world 's second-largest economy , behind only the US .
Rulers , they believed , should act in accord with moral norms whenever possible .
And the sphere of concern for any humane ruler should be the whole world , not just the people of one state .
Thus , thinkers such as Mencius , Confucius 's leading intellectual heir , argued that humane authorities should punish immoral rulers in other states who tyrannize their people .
Because poverty was an obstacle to moral behavior , they believed that the state should be vitally concerned with eliminating it .
The idea that the state should pursue economic growth without consideration for moral concerns was anathema to Confucius and his followers .
In February 2010 , at `` Spring Festival '' -- one of China 's biggest holidays , marked by family reunions -- Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said that the government should help people live with dignity and happiness .
So it should be no surprise that the Saudi regime was the first to condemn Shi'a Hezbollah at the start of the war with Israel , and that it announced in December that it would support Iraq 's Sunnis militarily should a precipitate US withdrawal incite a Sunni\/Shi ' a civil war there .
Of course , should the US see failure ahead , it could seek to broaden the war beyond Iraq 's borders by attacking Iran , a policy reminiscent of `` Operation Sideshow , '' when US failure in Vietnam in the late 1960 's enticed President Nixon into attacking Cambodia and Laos .
Attempting to politically isolate and disarm Hezbollah is a task that the EU-led UN force can not accomplish and should not attempt , for it would mean war , with Syria and Iran in the background .
Europe should instead push for new constitutional and institutional solutions that ensure the Shia a legitimate role in the political arrangements of Lebanon , Saudi Arabia , and the Gulf states -- all places where they now regard themselves as third-class citizens .
But healing Lebanon 's wounds requires finding the means to offer alienated Shia what they want and need most , and not what outsiders think they should want or need .
This should not be impossible , because both Saudi Arabia and Yemen have moderate , indigenous Islamic traditions that can be mobilized against jihadism .
The US should not be surprised by any of these developments because American involvement in Yemen is not new .
The most compassionate measure that the US , and Saudi Arabia , should take is a form of political euthanasia .
Indeed , Bin Laden 's death should open the international community 's eyes to the source of his movement : repressive Arab regimes and their extremist ideologies .
More fundamentally , no one should think that North Korea 's totalitarian communist system can be changed overnight .
Indeed , the idea of warfare on the Korean peninsula should be unthinkable , given the grotesque levels of deaths that it would likely cause .
`` Economic strangulation '' of North Korea appears to be the fallback option . Strengthening and tightening United Nations Security Council Resolution 1718 , crafted in the wake of North Korea 's first nuclear test in October 2006 , should be the immediate task .
But all who had feared a `` great Israeli offensive '' in Gaza should make every effort to strengthen the truce and create a climate for relaxing tensions that could , with time , lead to a peace agreement with the Palestinian Authority .
Above all , border crossings between Israel and the Palestinian territories should be reopened for the sick , for students , and for families whose members were separated by the blockade .
Second , a generous -LRB- and , with time , growing -RRB- quota should be set for Palestinian laborers to work in Israel -- indeed , they must be allowed to work in the very agricultural centers around Gaza which were the most affected by the rocket attacks .
Furthermore , past industrial projects that fell victim to the hostilities should be revived and made more legitimate in the eyes of Hamas through the participation of the Arab state .
Little by little , the state of occupation , which should have been temporary , became a stable reality , and the policy of creating Israeli settlements in the heart of the Palestinian population strengthened the connection between Israel and the occupied territories .
Nor should we forget that the global economy , with which Israel is deeply integrated , creates infinite and complex opportunities for financial crimes .
The Palestinians were asking in return : Why should the Jews , a religious community dispersed around the world , have their own state ?
There will be enough problems in negotiating the creation of a Palestinian state , so we should avoid adding other , gratuitous obstacles .
Nor should we forget the Stalinist crimes against the peoples of the former Soviet Empire .
On the other hand , peace between Israel and the Palestinians might neutralize the poison of Iranian hatred and break the hallucinatory political mechanism that identifies Israel with absolute evil -- the `` small Satan '' that should be annihilated at all cost .
A joint South Korea-US military exercise near the Demilitarized Zone or a joint anti-submarine exercise at the Northern Limit Line should be considered .
Making North Korea pay a high economic cost for its rash behavior should be considered as well .
Of course , in order to pressure North Korea 's government to give up its nuclear option , the current international economic sanctions , which target WMD-related products and luxury goods , probably should continue .
But , at the same time , the international community should place greater emphasis on policies aimed at inducing North Korea to launch serious economic reform .
That authority should allow the Fund to inspect even the world 's mightiest economies , the US and China .
Because , as Immanuel Kant noted long ago , states with democratic political systems tend not to fight with each other , democracy should be encouraged in order to secure peace .
So , for now , East Asians should be very pragmatic about institutionalizing regional affairs .
Indeed , China should accelerate its change of course .
Furthermore , the government should continue to eliminate price distortions by creating more flexible mechanisms , including for the exchange rate .
The government 's goal should be to succeed not only in reviving the economy , but also in reversing the deterioration of China 's structural problems , thereby laying a solid foundation for economic growth in the future .
Despite China 's limited room for maneuver with regard to its stocks of foreign-exchange reserves , it should never give up its efforts to safeguard the value of its hard-earned wealth , which has been entrusted to the good will and supposedly responsible hands of the US government .
For example , the US government should offer more financial instruments like Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities -LRB- TIPS -RRB- , thereby allowing China to convert some of its holdings of US government securities into similar but safer assets .
Furthermore , China should be allowed to convert part of its foreign-exchange reserves into assets denominated in the International Monetary Fund 's special drawing rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- .
Of course , China should not rule out the possibility of adjusting the composition of its foreign-exchange reserves to mimic the composition of the SDR .
Finally , if the US government can not safeguard the value its securities , it should compensate China in one way or another .
RMB appreciation should have started earlier and at a faster pace , when China 's trade surplus was much smaller and its growth was much less dependent on exports .
At the same time , the effect of currency appreciation on the trade balance should not be exaggerated .
America should not pin too much hope on a weakening dollar to correct its trade imbalances .
In the coming years , in areas such as climate change , global imbalances , and reform of the international monetary system , China should and will play a more active role as a major global stakeholder .
With the economy growing by only 1.5 % last year and unemployment at 7.8 % -LRB- not far off a 17-year high -RRB- , there should be idle factors of production ready to be put to work .
Fossil fuels will be with us for some time to come , and we should continuously seek out cleaner ways to use them .
IRENA may not be a component of the UN system , but it should be regarded as part of the family from the outset .
And , as the rest of the world grapples with austerity measures , such countries should be considering restoration strategies and ways to permanently wean themselves off foreign aid .
African countries could also choose the Norwegian model , which established the principles that natural wealth belongs to all citizens , including the unborn , and that all mining deals should be completely transparent to the public .
African leaders should use the Natural Resource Charter , launched in Oslo in 2009 , and the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative as guidelines when undertaking any mining negotiations .
`` It should not be left to gays alone to fight for gay rights , because we are talking about fundamental violations of justice , '' Attafuah said .
Closing that gap should happen more quickly with the help of the international community .
More radical thinkers insist that California is ungovernable and should be broken into two or even three states .
Consequently , relying on low failure probabilities , national policies , the caution of private actors , and monitoring by regulators seems to be insufficient to prevent catastrophe . So what should be done ?
Furthermore , risk assessment should be linked to individual plants ' risk factors , such as location in a seismic zone , secondary containment , safety redundancies , etc. . Plants in densely populated areas with lower safety standards , for example , would face higher insurance costs , which could lead to a self-selected phase-out of the riskiest plants .
While legal remedies exist should this system break down , impersonal trading can not occur unless most people share the values of fair play and reciprocal cooperation .
Second , adequate resources should be made available to poor and vulnerable regions and countries to enable them to adapt to climate change .
Public funding should help leverage climate-friendly private investments . The multilateral development banks , in close collaboration with the UN system , can play a significant multiplier role in this regard .
They can and should go hand in hand ; what we need is climate-resilient , low-carbon growth .
Despite these additional dangers , none of the major multilateral development institutions could easily argue today that developing countries should not formulate a development strategy that envisions sector-specific sources of economic growth , priorities for industrial development , and government support of such development with fiscal , financial , and regulatory measures .
So , how should developing-country policymakers go about it ?
Industrial policies must be based on a country 's factor endowments , and should build on concrete opportunities to integrate industries and firms in global value chains -- for example , by deepening existing linkages with international production networks and export markets -- while avoiding overinvestment in international growth laggards .
Moreover , policymakers should consider which industries deliver the biggest development bang for the buck : export-generating industries do not always have the greatest impact on employment and value added .
Domestic industries , including services , which often account for more than half of value added even in developing economies , should not be neglected .
Investment policies should extend to both domestic and foreign direct investment .
Similarly , technology policies should encompass both domestic development and technology transfer .
And enterprise development policies should address linkages with multinational firms .
At the same time , they should focus on those IP measures that run the least risk of clashing with international obligations : regulatory facilitation rather than restrictions , investment in infrastructure rather than in specific economic activities , and fiscal incentives that are accessible to all .
Indeed , the economist Robert Mundell , whose work on optimal monetary zones is credited with laying the theoretical groundwork for the euro , insists that China should maintain its fixed exchange rate as a necessary part of its current phase of economic development .
No one should realistically expect the renminbi 's exchange rate to be determined solely by the income level of the relatively prosperous eastern coastal regions .
There is no economic or other theory that explains why a city called a `` financial center '' should be more valuable or lovely than others .
Why , then , should China make developing global financial centers a vital national goal ?
But progress has been slow , because China 's politicians have put nurturing financial centers -- which should be the objective of local governments -- at the heart of the country 's financial development .
Thus , if China truly is the mercantilist power that many in the West claim , it should tilt decisively towards the South .
Moreover , China has no interest in stoking a `` new Cold War '' in East Asia , so it should be enthusiastic about the cause of denuclearization and thus play a bigger role in curtailing North Korea 's nuclear provocations .
Second , legal theory must reconsider the extent to which powerful situational and systemic factors should be taken into account in punishing individuals .
How high the percentage should be before claiming over-diagnosis is a significant problem and a value judgment .
CHICAGO -- In trying to understand the pattern and timing of government interventions during a financial crisis , we should probably conclude that , to paraphrase the French philosopher Blaise Pascal , politics have incentives that economics can not understand .
Given the enormous cost of a default , any government should stay far away from the danger zone .
This institution should be an international version of the US Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Code .
But , while the goal of Chapter 11 is to save the ongoing value of a firm , the goal of the international resolution mechanism should be to preserve the ongoing value of the counterparties of insolvent financial institutions .
The first problem to resolve in approving this mechanism is who should have this authority .
When a large financial institution is insolvent , the IMF should take it over , guaranteeing its short-term obligations , but wiping out the shareholders and repaying the long-term creditors only after all the other creditors -LRB- including the IMF itself -RRB- are repaid .
Why should it be any different in financial markets ?
The trigger should be the domestic government itself .
Executives in highly leveraged institutions should be paid more , because they bear more risk .
It should reach beyond the traditional focus on finance and trade , to include other pressing economic and political issues : development , energy , climate change , and stabilizing fragile and post-conflict states .
