In Afghanistan , Pakistan 's military and intelligence agencies sought `` strategic depth '' against India .
This round of fighting was preceded by a negotiated calm , as the government sought to quell militants in Pakistan 's tribal areas by striking a deal with the Taliban leader , Sufi Mohammad .
At every stage of the lengthy conflict that has brought the US into the region , Pakistan has sought to limit Indian influence in Afghanistan .
Ever protective of his position as sole leader of the Palestinian people , Arafat sought to block any means by which a potential rival could challenge him .
In the process , Hamas hopes to win the international legitimacy that it has long sought .
In the past the most dangerous anti-Semites were those who sought to make the world Judenrein , free of Jews .
In several Arab countries , most notably Saudi Arabia , rulers have sought to quell popular discontent by providing a combination of cash , subsidies , guaranteed jobs , and free goods and services .
But many have sought to ignore this restriction , to their cost : the Carlyle Capital Corporation , a subsidiary of the United States-based Carlyle Group , was leveraged up to 32 times -- it held one dollar of capital for every 32 dollars of assets -- before adverse market developments wiped out the company .
Meanwhile , differences over Taiwan also foster tensions periodically , such as when former Taiwanese President Lee Teng-hui sought to visit Japan for medical treatment .
Demand for oil in Asia is growing rapidly , and with China and Japan increasingly dependent upon imports , each has naturally sought to improve its energy security by diversifying sources of supply .
This is critical , as Pinochet has sought to deny his competency .
Millions of Arabs of my generation and younger would probably give the same answer if asked what should become of the men who controlled their present and sought to destroy their future .
Suddenly , he has reduced himself to KGB President , jeopardizing the very political stability he sought to guarantee .
In the end , it came down to a fight among five members of the Politburo Standing Committee : Li Peng and Yao Yiling sought to deploy the military .
The disgruntled general , who has long-standing ties to the type of jihadists that the United States is battling in Yemen , merely sought to settle a score with the president 's family .
When forming the councils , the opposition sought to achieve a balance between government experience , technical expertise , and tribal support .
Rather than estimate the economic value of banks ' assets -- what the assets would fetch in a well-functioning market -- and the extent to which they exceed liabilities , the stress tests merely sought to verify that the banks ' accounting losses over the next two years will not exhaust their capital as recorded in their books .
Syria has already sought to assure regime continuity through quasi-monarchic hereditary succession with the move from Hafez al-Assad to his son Bashar .
Since then , Putin has sought to expose the bankruptcy of America 's policy of isolating Iran .
When it sought to assume a leading role -- during the first Intifada in 1987 , for example , its effort was suppressed by the diaspora-based PLO .
When the war started , the first thing the Israeli army command sought was the evacuation of the area 's settlements , which Israel 's generals knew would quickly become an impossible burden , and an obstacle to maneuver , for their troops .
The Iranians also sought the meeting to forge an alliance against a possible US attack on their country 's nuclear installations .
Within Eastern Europe , capital has sought out the countries with the most rapid growth , following the overwhelming pattern in emerging markets .
This explains why neither the US , nor its opponents or supporters in Europe , ever sought a thorough discussion of the operation in the NATO Council before , during , or after the Iraq war - they realized their views were already too far apart to be reconciled .
In the early 1990 's , when California had a more severe recession , people sought jobs in neighboring states .
In May , he admitted during a live television broadcast that he suffers from a kidney ailment , but sought to quell rumors that he was terminally ill by insisting that fears for his health are greatly exaggerated and politically motivated .
That proposal has no chance of success in Ukraine 's parliament . Yushchenko sought to circumvent parliament by way of a national referendum , but Ukraine 's Constitutional court has ruled that only parliament may determine how constitutional reform is to occur .
Indeed , in a certain sense , Irving Kristol , Norman Podhoretz , and other neo-conservative elder statesmen remain defined by the communist dogmatism they sought to oppose when they were youthful Trotskyists .
Their best intellectual arguments derived from Milton Friedman , Friedrich von Hayek , and Robert Nozick , who sought to challenge collectivist theories of society in general and `` socialism '' in particular .
In the 1960 's , America wanted Pakistan to be on its side as it sought to contain the spread of communism in Asia .
Senior leaders from both sides sought to save the relationship from total rupture .
Indeed , papal diplomats not only knew about the plot against Hitler , but sought to mediate between the conspirators and the Allied Powers .
Because modernization , in the sense of catching up with European levels of political , economic , social , and cultural development , is one reason Poland sought integration with the EU , one can anticipate that the general historical pattern of modernization will lead to secularization across Central Europe , including Poland .
Perhaps that is why most opponents of Park 51 have sought refuge in the religious narrative of the terrorist attacks .
President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva has sought to catapult his country onto the world stage as an emerging power , but he has not fared well .
This `` dealers ' peace '' can be explained by the Mexican government 's policy of tolerance , which sought a degree of equilibrium between the drug cartels and the state in terms of trafficking routes and the territories that the cartels infiltrated .
With both the Karmapas in India , the Indian government has sought to maintain peace by barring the contenders from the sacred Rumtek monastery in the Indian Himalayan state of Sikkim .
Some journalists and politicians sought asylum in other countries .
Donald Payne , a leading member of the US House Foreign Affairs Committee , and Ana Gomes , a member of the European Parliament from Portugal and head of the EU 's observation team in the 2005 elections , have sought to tie non-humanitarian aid more closely to Ethiopia 's conduct on press freedom and other human rights .
Politicians and experts have invariably sought to draw comparisons with recent examples like Afghanistan , Sierra Leone , East Timor , but also with more remote and fundamental cases .
The most recent example is Turkey , where a courageous prime minister has confirmed the secular -LRB- rather than Islamist -RRB- rule of law , sought to modernize the economy , and has kept the military out of the Cabinet .
They believed that a new age of social democracy had dawned , and for a while they sought to prove their point : Bill Clinton , Tony Blair , Gerhard Schroeder , Romano Prodi , even some of those elected in the postcommunist countries seemed to belong to this political camp .
In the nineteenth century , millions of Europeans sought liberty and prosperity in the Americas , notably in the United States .
Given this looming negotiation between old and new -- and between rich and poor -- and because Chirac has no cunning proposal for resurrecting the EU Constitution , he has sought and found a second scapegoat : Britain has , for over 20 years , benefited from a large rebate in its outsized contribution to the EU budget .
Indeed , the way the world has sought to resolve the financial crisis offers interesting insights about how the foreign-affairs crisis should be approached .
On healthcare reform , Obama 's proudest moment , his achievement is ... drum roll ... a scheme that almost precisely mimics the reform that Mitt Romney , a Republican who sought the presidency in 2008 , brought to the state of Massachusetts .
The broad pattern is clear : the more that governments have worried about enabling future moral hazard by excessive bailouts and sought to stem the rise in public debt , the worse their countries ' economies have performed .
They were not worried , they told me , that Bush was inadequately briefed and strangely incurious for a man who sought the most powerful office in the world .
One year , they might seek to control inflation , but the previous year they sought to reduce unemployment , and next year they might try to lower the government 's debt refinancing costs , and the year after that they might worry about keeping the exchange rate at whatever value their political masters prefer .
Before 1985 , by contrast , financial markets were overwhelmingly dominated by the herd behavior of short-term traders , people who sought not to identify fundamentals , but to predict what average opinion would expect average opinion to be , and to predict it before average opinion did .
With that guarantee broken by Lehman Brothers ' collapse , every financial institution immediately sought to acquire a much greater capital cushion in order to avoid the need to draw on government support , but found it impossible to do so .
Because it tried to keep the private sector private , it sought to avoid partial or full nationalization of the components of the banking system deemed too big to fail .
The last emperor of the Tang Dynasty proclaimed seven era names in fourteen years , as he sought in vain to `` re-brand '' his reign and avoid his regime 's demise .
Tiananmen Square Revisited NEW YORK -- The publication of secret , audio-taped memoirs by fallen Communist Party reformer Zhao Ziyang , who sought to `` eradicate the malady of China 's economic system at its roots '' and died under house arrest for his efforts , is reigniting debate over the complex legacy of the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 .
Three widespread misconceptions distorted the coverage of Kim 's visit to China . The first misconception is that he desperately sought Chinese aid to prop up his regime in the face of seething discontent after botched currency reforms .
Einstein sought to avoid the implication of unmodified general relativity that the universe can not be static -- that it can expand -LRB- slowing down , against its own gravity -RRB- , collapse , or be instantaneously at rest , but that it can not hang unsupported .
The alternative to such a political compromise may be a return to the tragic and bloody secessionist course that the Tigers sought for so long .
At the end of the 1980 's , some analysts thought rates as high as 120 might finally produce the long-sought equilibrium .
China 's President Hu Jintao has just returned home from his first trip to Latin America , where he sought new long-term sources of supplies for his country 's booming economy .
Initially , the Commission gave the German government free rein , but instead of assisting Opel , Berlin sought to protect German jobs by supporting Magna , the prospective Canadian-Russian buyer , even though this placed Opel 's Belgian and British workforces at risk of job losses .
In their effort to overcome centuries of military and commercial backwardness , Muslims have sought to industrialize , rationalize administration , and adopt modern forms of political life .
Since the 1997-1998 crisis , Asian governments have sought to keep their distance from the Fund .
General Motors , faced with an existential crisis , has sought to transform its business model .
The first signal was sent when Ukraine and Georgia were denied the `` Membership Action Plan '' -LRB- MAP -RRB- that they sought .
Both sought to undo the work of their successful predecessors , Bill Clinton and Boris Yeltsin .
The `` responsibility to protect '' sought to recast the issue in terms of responsibility rather than rights , and protection rather than intervention , while identifying a wide spectrum of appropriate preventive and reactive responses , with coercive military intervention only a last resort .
The first , Resolution 1970 , adopted on February 26 , invoked `` the Libyan authorities ' responsibility to protect its population , '' condemned its violence against civilians , demanded that this violence stop , and sought to concentrate Qaddafi 's mind by applying targeted sanctions , an arms embargo , and the threat of prosecution for crimes against humanity .
Although the majority of China 's exports now come from private companies that receive virtually no loans from state banks , American candidates in previous elections routinely sought to curry favor with working class voters by vowing to protect US jobs against China 's supposedly unfair business practices .
Both presidents , at the end of their respective terms , sought to resolve one of the world 's most dangerous conflicts , while facing the threat that time was running out on them .
The majority of humanity has sought since November 9 , 1989 , to achieve Western living standards at all costs , overstretching our planet 's climate and ecosystems .
Bush and the American people sought glory in Iraq .
The defense immediately sought an injunction in federal court to prevent the trial from continuing .
Recent BOJ data reveal that it sought to increase the value of the euro relative to the yen in June and November 1999 , and again in March 2000 .
The Danish government has sought to break free from this vicious circle by introducing reforms before pledging to increase budgets .
In its aftermath , General Musharraf , who seized power in a coup in October 1999 , has sought to repair the damage to Pakistan 's image by offering to talk to India `` anywhere , at any time . ''
Non-governmental observers from neutral states can be sought to monitor compliance with the terms of such an accord .
Indeed , the next government will need , above all , to kick-start the economy in a sustainable way to create a positive climate of job creation , which is the only lasting remedy for the poverty Chávez has sought to exploit .
But , now that a Russian-American agreement allows supply flights to Afghanistan to go through Russian airspace , it is clear that Russia sought only to monopolize the military cargo transportation routs in order to gain leverage over the United States .
No surprise , then , that governments have sought to manage our expectations carefully .
Putin has sought an economic transformation of Russia similar in kind , if not in degree , to China 's boom .
Under Mao , when the Chinese Communist Party sought accommodation , diplomatic recognition , and overseas development aid from Japan , Chinese were not allowed to confront their past victimization at the hands of Western and Japanese imperialism .
Exempting emerging markets from any commitments , as the Kyoto Protocol sought to do , no longer makes sense .
It is important here to keep in mind that containment , the dominant doctrine of the Cold War era , sought to push back against Soviet and Communist expansion -- not just to limit the reach of Soviet power , but to frustrate it -- in order to create a context in which the inherent flaws of communism and authoritarian rule would come to the fore .
Both interventions sought to oust the governments in place at the time , and both succeeded in that goal .
In Afghanistan , the lessons revolve around the nature of what is being sought .
The irony is that , to compensate for a crisis that America 's own policies have created in global financial markets , the US is now getting what it has long sought from China .
Emerging economies such as Argentina have conscientiously sought to embrace openness and globalization , despite the vagaries of international capital markets .
Many European politicians who have sought to see the situation on the ground have been barred in recent years .
Meanwhile , NATO planners desperately sought to identify targets that would either deny him the means of ethnic cleansing , or , more often , encourage him to reconsider his position .
In a special trip to Islamabad , US Assistant Secretary of State Christina Rocca sought to reassure a visibly nervous Pakistani government that the war would be `` quick and short . ''
Accordingly , they sought out those who were under-represented in the Assembly , but whose sense of participation in and ownership of the process was essential , not merely to the constitutional exercise , but to binding the nation 's wounds .
Reaching out was an important component of establishing the rule of law , and it also sent a message that Iraq had truly turned a corner -- that no single party sought to dominate Iraq .
In response to the crisis , Asians sought to establish an Asian Monetary Fund , which would help any crisis-hit country by providing massive liquidity assistance .
On the left , the growing working class sought to use political power to change economic relations - to advance more progressive tax policies , or to stop the use of tariffs to protect the old order .
He thus sought to subvert religion by making it purely instrumental . But to do that is to destroy the true character of religious belief .
It simply sought to avoid confrontation with the unions .
Koizumi 's successors , Prime Ministers Shinzo Abe and Yasuo Fukuda , have sought to engage China over the past two years , with summits in Beijing and a successful visit by Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao to Japan last year .
Many of McNamara 's critics assert -- rightly , I think -- that he stopped short of full understanding , that he sought to hold fast to claims of noble intentions that the record could not sustain .
But do the recent suicide attack on the Bagram air base outside of Kabul , a key United States military installation in Afghanistan , and the failed car bombing in New York City 's Times Square mean that the `` war on terror '' -LRB- a phrase that the Obama administration has deliberately sought to avoid -RRB- has reignited ?
Some countries have sought to bridge the gap between their energy potential and their populations ' lack of access to energy .
As a consequence , and despite the anti-Japanese `` yellow peril '' propaganda then raging in Europe , Japan entered an alliance with the most sought-after partner of the time , Great Britain .
But for the last three centuries , China has had no global maritime strategy , nor has it possessed -- or sought to possess -- naval forces capable of supporting such a strategy .
But the recent arrest and threatened deportation of Annadurdy Hadjiev , a dissident from Turkmenistan who sought refuge here , suggests that some things never change .
Indeed , anti-American coalitions have appeared not only in the Middle East but also in Latin America , while some Western politicians have apparently sought to aggravate relationships with Russia and China in order to restore transatlantic solidarity and further weaken Europe .
In the context of Iraq , for example , Russia should constructively support the rebuilding effort , even if , as of now , its participation has not been sought .
If we sought to preserve the UN Security Council and the position of the present permanent members , then those actions were more likely to produce the opposite effect .
Indeed , so competent is Olam that when Wilmar , a Southeast Asian firm run by overseas Chinese and a force in its own right in China and across Asia , sought to expand in Africa , it sought out Olam in a joint venture .
Not surprisingly , some have sought to exploit the poor as a result , which has put pressure on the authorities to `` do something . ''
Khrushchev , Gorbachev and Yeltsin all saw their hold on power undermined when they sought to please or placate the West only to receive nothing in return .
Using various mixtures of charisma , statecraft , and terror , Peter the Great , Catherine the Great , Alexander II , Peter Stolypin -LRB- the last tsar 's prime minister -RRB- , Lenin , and Stalin all sought to make Russia not only a great military power , but also an economic and cultural equal of the West .
Yanukovich was the man who sought to falsify the result of the presidential election of 2004 , inciting the Orange Revolution .
Like those regimes , whether fascist or communist , China 's leaders have sought to transform public space and sporting events into visible proof of their fitness and mandate to rule .
While designing the master plan for the Beijing Games , Speer Jr. , an acclaimed architect and town planner , also sought , like his father , to create a futuristic global metropolis .
Both Putin and Khrushchev sought to use Solzhenitsyn for their own purposes .
To achieve this goal he sought to restore high culture to a position of primacy in Russian life , and to put mass media in its -LRB- politically -RRB- subservient place .
It is mind-boggling that an unrepentant , twice-convicted violent felon , a man who had sought to steal a presidential election -- and who advocated a violent crackdown on the men and women peacefully protesting against his electoral fraud -- should be a candidate for any office , let alone the presidency of a country of nearly 50 million people .
As a result , Hatoyama 's administration seems to be trying to emulate South Korea 's former Roh Moo-hyun administration , which foolishly sought to distance that country from its main defensive partner , the US .
His government then sought to pin the blame on the local prosecutor who had formally arrested the captain .
There are also signs of growing adoration of liberal countries such as the US and South Korea throughout North Korean society -- a sentiment that the regime has sought to appease by broadcasting one or two Western films on state television .
Throughout its history , China has sought to treat its neighbors as vassals -- a mindset currently reflected in the way that it has approached negotiations with Vietnam and the Philippines over the South China Sea .
When Kim Jong-il started living with his second wife , Kim Kyong-hui sought to incite trouble , driven by a sense of rivalry .
Sheikh Ahmad Yasin , a paraplegic refugee from the village of Jora -LRB- now on Israel 's southern coast -RRB- , worked quietly to build a grass-root movement with the tacit assent of the Israeli army , which sought to encourage an alternative to the PLO .
Throughout the ages they have sought suitable niches in the international order in order to survive .
In Libya , Saif al-Islam has sought to distinguish himself as an agent of democratic change by setting up `` non-governmental '' organizations , establishing `` independent '' media outlets , and even sponsoring his own private drafting committee for a new constitution .
Ever since Richard Nixon took the dollar off the gold standard and exchange rates were floated worldwide , the US has sought to tackle its chronic bilateral trade deficit with Japan by pushing for a strong yen .
Indeed , Hu has sought to restore some of Mao 's luster .
It failed also in Crimea when Russia sought to deploy its old strategy of divide and rule there in 1991 .
Moreover , China has sought to improve trade and transit ties with Central Asia over the last decade , reflecting its growing interests there .
Both powers have sought to use the Shanghai Cooperation Organization -- a regional grouping that includes Russia , China , Uzbekistan , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , and Tajikistan -- as a vehicle to pressure the US to withdraw its military forces from the region .
Turkish Islam is more moderate and pluralistic than elsewhere in the Middle East , and , since at least the late Ottoman period , Turkey has sought to fuse Islam and Westernization .
While the Kemalists sought a radical break with the Ottoman past , there were important elements of continuity between their Westernization efforts and those undertaken in the late Ottoman period .
The March of the Caudillos LA PAZ &#45; &#45; The re-election for unlimited periods that Presidents Hugo Chávez and Evo Morales have sought in Venezuela and Bolivia , respectively , reflects a phenomenon -- caudillismo -- that has , sadly , never been far from the surface of Latin American politics .
Both projects sought to construct a genuinely supranational Europe .
When he sought a lawyer to defend his rights , his mother , who had been made his legal guardian , had him locked up in a psychiatric hospital for seven months .
He had sought to take advantage of the Beijing Olympics to give the foreign media unprecedented freedom , but the bureaucrats succeeded in reversing his decision .
Policy discussions at many high-level summits sought to strengthen other features of industrial policy , including public financing of airports , highways , ports , electricity grids , telecommunications , and other infrastructure , improvements in institutional effectiveness , an emphasis on education and skills , and a clearer legal framework .
Mailat sought escape from his Romanian misery and his Romanian past , but could not imagine that he would find in an Italian refugee camp as much misery as before ; that the image in the mirror of his daily new life would be that of a killer .
However , Farhang and privatized violence are precisely what Mohammad sought to ban through Koranic law , which went beyond the personal domain and instituted a code that gave some rights to women .
As French president , he sought to circumvent that tide by proposing to the leaders of France 's African colonies a negotiated settlement for independence .
Astutely , China has sought to place its African investments and diplomacy within the context of the old non-aligned movement and `` Bandung spirit , '' an era when many Africans viewed China as a brotherly oppressed nation , and thus supported efforts by the People 's Republic to gain a permanent seat on the United Nations Security Council , to replace Taiwan .
The first stakeholder is Gbagbo , who sought to break away from French neo-colonial dominance . He had the support of Ivorians who aspired to install genuine Ivorian patriots in place of the French-backed elite .
But some banking industry lobbyists have sought amendments in the European Parliament that would totally neuter the proposal 's effectiveness .
We muddled reform on our own . For we often sought to import tried and tested Western practices -- private property , the free market , competition , strict observance of human rights , the creation of civil society , representative democracy -- in diluted forms that would somehow help us maintain elements of Socialism .
The Poles demanded communism with a human face , and the Hungarians , after Imre Nagy sought to reform communism , ended up wanting no communism at all .
For half a century , Europe 's integrationists have sought unquestioning acceptance of their efforts .
Not surprisingly , Poland -- like other Central and East European countries -- sought reassurance from the US and Britain when their colossal neighbors , Germany and Russia , embarked on their anti-American flirtation .
While American economists , politicians , and business leaders have for years sought to sell their model of management abroad , many companies elsewhere have not been buying it .
Fifty years ago , if you sought to read about India in the West , you would mostly find books about spirituality .
The combined economic weight of the Christians -- Nestorians , Maronites , Catholic Greeks , and Syriacs -- is greater than their actual number , and the Bathist regime has always sought to accommodate these minorities .
He also drew on the philosophy of `` personalism , '' which was highly fashionable in the 1930 's , as it sought a middle way between individualist liberalism and communitarian socialism , and insisted that `` persons '' always had a spiritual dimension that materialistic liberalism supposedly failed to acknowledge .
Similar tendencies appeared in the Netherlands , which was once committed to multiculturalism , but more recently has sought to confront would-be citizens with images of men kissing and of bare-breasted women emerging from the North Sea -- presumably all to get across the point that a true Dutch citizen had better be tolerant .
When three members of parliament sought to question the Prime Minister -- their right , under the Kuwaiti constitution -- the parliament was dissolved and elections called .
But , while it seems safe to predict that Bush will serve out the rest of his term , it also appears certain that history will look upon him as a president who sought to undermine civil liberties .
The SD has sought to position itself as the sole defender of gays and Jews in the face of intolerance stoked by large-scale Muslim immigration in the past two decades .
Following the difficult years of the Bush presidency , Obama has duly sought to restore transatlantic harmony as well , visiting Europe in April and extending the hand of partnership there , too .
When Western media sought quotes from the women , they frequently heard a Western-style feminist refrain : `` These laws would make women into a kind of property . ''
Moreover , Obama has sought to suppress hundreds of photographs depicting sexual assault in US-run prisons , and has done nothing to roll back the Patriot Act .
As a result , few people noticed how genuinely , powerfully transformative her agenda was , how well she had thought it out , and how audaciously she sought to manage it .
Iraq provided the symbols , civilian casualties , and recruiting ground that the jihadi extremists had sought in Afghanistan .
McCain is a man of strong traditional values who prides himself on his willingness to act quickly and decisively , which he sought to do during the negotiations on the bailout by suspending his campaign to return to Washington . That effort appears to have backfired , because the Republicans that he leads initially balked at passing the legislation .
Nelson Mandela could easily have chosen to define his group as black South Africans and sought revenge for the injustices of Apartheid and his own imprisonment .
In 2006 , China became Japan 's largest trade partner , and the new government formed by the Democratic Party of Japan in 2009 sought improved bilateral relations .
Unless China develops its `` soft power , '' the rise in its military and economic power is likely to frighten its neighbors into seeking coalitions to balance its rise . It is as if Mexico and Canada sought an alliance with China to balance US power in North America .
It is as if Mexico and Canada sought a Chinese alliance to balance the US in North America .
But American culture is far more entrepreneurial and decentralized than was that of Britain , where industrialists ' sons sought aristocratic titles and honors in London .
They have sought to capitalize on the vacuum of knowledge in Ireland regarding EU affairs and the `` Yes '' side 's relative lateness to mobilize .
They have sought to link the Treaty to the ongoing Doha Round of World Trade Organization talks .
As a first step toward convening a second poll , Cowen has sought EU-wide agreement that , rather than reducing the size of the Commission , the provision of the Lisbon Treaty that allows for a `` one member state , one commissioner '' rule will be enacted , allowing Ireland to retain a permanent place .
On the No side : a disparate coalition drawn from both the far right and the far left , including ultra-Catholics and unreconstructed Marxists , has sought to whip up hysteria about supposed threats ranging from military conscription to euthanasia and abortion .
Essentially , it sought to neutralize sentiments such as those expressed in a memo attributed to Lawrence Summers , former Harvard President and now Director of President Barack Obama 's National Economic Council : `` I think the economic logic behind dumping a load of toxic waste in the lowest wage country is impeccable and we should face up to that . ''
Nigeria has always sought a leadership role in Africa and its diaspora .
Even in the turbulent 1990 's , when Nigeria was temporarily suspended from the British Commonwealth following the execution of minority rights campaigner Ken Saro-Wiwa by General Sani Abacha 's regime , the governing elite sought to achieve Nigeria 's `` rightful '' place in global affairs .
In that case , he would face `` shock globalization '' and political death through free and fair elections -- that is , unless the IMF goes soft and shovels more money at him -LRB- a deal worth $ 3.5-8 billion is being sought -RRB- , possibly in exchange for the release of political prisoners .
Instead , he sought information from Villanueva , supposedly to use against the government 's enemies .
By designing educational and social protection policies that strengthen the individual , Scandinavian politicians have sought to promote change rather than prevent it .
Then the madness of the Cultural Revolution , when millions suffered terribly , many died , and many more behaved disgracefully as Mao sought to destroy those who had rescued China from his earlier follies .
Within months , if not weeks , of realizing the long-sought goal of European Union membership , a wave of political instability surged through Central Europe .
The riskiest institutions were not the largest : firms like J. P. Morgan and HSBC proved safer than others , and neither sought nor needed state funding .
Certain of Schroeder 's predecessors as German chancellor sought to attain the same objective by rather different means .
For his part , Thaksin has sought to portray the recent election results as being all about him .
If all goes well , a Koizumi visit to China may be in the offing . Koizumi has long sought an official visit , only to be stymied by Chinese opposition to his Yasukuni visits .
Four hundred years ago , explorers sought the legendary `` Northeast Passage '' across the north of Europe and Russia to China .
Policymakers should remember that the housing boom was fueled by easy monetary policy , which sought to expand job growth as the US recovered from the last recession .
In his December 1953 UN General Assembly `` Atoms for Peace '' address , US President Dwight Eisenhower sought to relax atomic weapons competition with the Soviet Union by calling for the creation of an international nuclear fuel bank stocked with superpower fissile material . Management would come from a new global nuclear organization .
The US humanitarian mission to that benighted country sought to salvage a failed United Nations enterprise to secure and feed Somalia 's ravaged population .
As unrest mounted with these military retreats , offshore US forces monitored and intercepted jihadists who sought to enter Somalia , while Kenya and Ethiopia blocked the unrest from metastasizing across the region .
During the 1970 's , he approached China , India , and Pakistan . Fortunately , despite the fact that India and Pakistan lay outside the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- -- and thus were not subject to its prohibition on disseminating arsenals -- they , along with China , rebuffed Qadaffi 's requests . Undaunted , he sought to acquire technologies to produce the weapons .
Fretilin at first sought to fight the decision through non-violent means .
After the dictatorship of the colonels , Greece sought international rehabilitation through membership in the European Community , whose imprimatur in turn helped to consolidate the fragile new democratic regime .
They sought membership mostly for geostrategic reasons : to consolidate their security .
President Barack Obama 's decision to introduce steep duties -LRB- set at 35 % in the first year -RRB- in response to a US International Trade Commission ruling -LRB- sought by US labor unions -RRB- has been widely criticized as stoking the protectionist fires .
Business interests sought to replace SEC commissioners who wanted the rule , and their lawyers threatened to sue the SEC if it moved forward .
Ríos Montt 's latest political battle began when he sought to contest the upcoming presidential election .
Human rights activists have increasingly sought friendly foreign courts , willing to invoke universal jurisdiction over so-called crimes `` of international concern . ''
Visiting Moscow that month , our NATO expert group sought to promote a re-thinking of mutual perceptions .
Second , a fudged set of financial `` stress tests '' sought to persuade markets that European banks ' needed only ¤ 3.5 billion in fresh capital .
The CAP 's original aim was to provide a secure source of food for the six original member states of the Union , which were importers of food and sought a degree of self-sufficiency .
This requires the immediate establishment of a judicial body , whose legitimacy would be based on the same multilateral process that was sought prior to the war .
Indeed , the Court sought to leave no doubt about this : `` The question is narrow and specific ... it does not ask whether or not Kosovo has achieved statehood . '' The judges contrasted their opinion with that handed down by the Supreme Court of Canada when it was asked to rule on Quebec 's right to secede unilaterally .
He sought to banish Islam as a political and social force from the public sphere , though of course the vast majority of the population remained Muslim by religion .
Libya has gone from being a nation that sponsored terrorists , and secretly sought nuclear capability , to one that renounced its illegal weapons programs , and now says it is ready to re-enter the community of civilized nations .
In Iraq , for example , the US military , working closely with the Iraqi government , has sought non-traditional means to provide accurate information to the Iraqi people .
The use of development aid as a political stick merely deepens the suffering of impoverished and unstable countries , without producing the political objectives sought by donors .
Many brokerages sought to boost investment banking fees from companies whose shares they pushed on an unwitting public .
Saudi Arabia recognized it in the 1970 's as it sought to expand its influence , and over the years the Kingdom has funded thousands of schools and colleges that teach its stringent brand of Wahhabi Islam .
There is no planned collectivist economy , foreign investment is still sought , and , in general , the rules of liberal democracy still apply .
Across Europe , energy companies are beginning to realize the benefits of such reforms and are becoming less resistant to them than in the past , when many sought to protect their national markets and ignore the rest of Europe .
The country has put in place strong policies and systems to manage debt ; implemented new laws on financial management , procurement , and audit ; stepped up spending on health centers nationwide ; and sought to provide qualified and properly paid teachers in all public schools .
At the same time , it has left Japan 's long sought transcendence of its war guilt and quasi-pariah status incomplete .
Since then , China has sought to make good on Mao 's pledge .
This followed two visits he made to Haiti over the past 18 months and a donor 's conference he sponsored in April that sought to raise $ 300 million in aid and investment .
Presenting himself and his Party as champions of democracy , Chen sought to create the impression among Taiwan 's voters that their freedom would perish in the hands of the Kuomintang -LRB- KMT -RRB- or any party other than his own .
Meanwhile , the Ministry of Education sought to expunge all references to China in school textbooks .
Jailed years ago for his anti-Kuomintang -LRB- KMT -RRB- activities , he stood up at great odds to the Chinese Communist Party , which sought in vain to subjugate him in cross-Strait relations and in global politics .
France and Germany have since sought to restore good relations with the US , but continue to disapprove of the war .
Over the last fifty years , people in advanced countries have increasingly sought university education and specialized training to protect them from an unforgiving labor market .
Yet ever since the Soviet Union 's collapse in 1991 , Russia and China have sought to rekindle the close relations that once supposedly existed between the USSR and Mao 's China before Khrushchev 's denunciation of Stalin in 1956 .
Still , the logical conclusion of the Kremlin 's Kadyrov policy appears to be precisely what it sought to prevent -- Chechen independence -- when it engaged in the first Chechen war almost a generation ago .
In response to the crimes committed during World War II , the Declaration sought to establish the principle that everyone is entitled to the same basic rights , irrespective of race , color , sex , language , religion , or other status .
Bush 's actual words were these : `` The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa . ''
Bush 's statement took this form because the CIA objected to the original version , which flatly stated that Saddam Hussein had sought to buy uranium from Africa .
The White House staff member who discussed it with the CIA then suggested changing the sentence so that it stated that the British reported that Saddam Hussein had sought to buy uranium from Africa .
Bush did not say merely that the British had `` reported '' that Iraq had sought to buy uranium from Africa , but that the British had `` learned '' this .
Then there is the Shah 's ouster , Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini 's Islamic Revolution , the absurd abduction of US diplomats , President Jimmy Carter 's disastrous attempt to free them militarily , and the `` Iran-Contra '' scandal , when Reagan administration officials sought to sell weapons to Iran through third parties and channel the proceeds to anti-Sandinista guerrillas in Nicaragua .
So what Greece got exactly is what it sought to avoid with its dodgy data : the rise in interest-rate spreads for Greek state bonds .
The country 's rich vein of Islamic scholarship has embraced new ideas and sought to interpret the Koran in a manner that reveals its compatibility with democracy , human rights , gender equality and social justice .
And , like de Gaulle , Putin has sought to rescue his country from humiliation and defeat by carving out a role consonant with popular feelings of national mission and pride , with national interest interpreted as `` sovereignty . ''
No dialogue was ever sought .
The Assembly sought to fill this policy vacuum by outlining steps that her government must take to jump-start the economy .
While the old power game sought the protection of one 's own interests with no concern for those of others , overexposure forces reciprocity of risks , the development of cooperative methods , and the sharing of information and strategies . Truly effective global governance is the strategic horizon that humanity must pursue today with all its energy .
This is the state of mind that Bush sought to foster when he declared that those who are not `` with us '' are with the terrorists .
As euro-zone banks sought the protection of their home countries by repatriating their capital , East European currencies and bond markets came under pressure , their economies sagged and households ' ability to service their debts diminished .
It can no longer impose its will on others , as George W. Bush 's administration sought to do , but it could lead a cooperative effort to involve both the developed and the developing world , thereby reestablishing American leadership in an acceptable form .
For the past two years , my colleagues and I on the Growth Commission have sought to learn how 13 developing countries managed to record growth rates averaging 7 % or more for 25 years or longer .
The Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan oil pipeline -- which will bypass Russia when it is completed -- can not re-define the country 's economic strategy to the extent that Shevardnadze had sought .
Worse , he supported those groups that sought to increase German military power , including the creation of a high-sea fleet that could challenge the British navy .
Those who had argued for `` accountability '' and `` responsibility '' now sought debt forgiveness for the financial sector .
When the World Bank sought private discussions with IMF on the policy implications of East Asia 's crisis , it was largely spurned .
When I sought public discussion -- even after the crisis had settled -- it was resisted .
Where former President Bill Clinton sought to ensure that all Americans who are entitled to vote are registered to vote , the Republicans have tried to reverse these advances , putting obstacles in the way both of registration and voting .
Likewise , while the European project sought to bring about the `` harmony '' of people living together in peace , we also must live in harmony with our environment -- the scarcest of all of our resources .
But President George W. Bush had , from the beginning of his administration , sought to undermine multilateral institutions and agreements .
The Bush team not only misled the world about the war 's possible costs , but has also sought to obscure the costs as the war has gone on .
He seeks to advance Taiwan 's national interests without arousing the People 's Republic 's threat to use force . And he has sought to forge closer trade and transport links .
If protection is sought through tariff and other trade-related measures , then the knock-on effects could have even more devastating consequences for all .
Koizumi sought smaller government and set clear numerical targets for fiscal consolidation , including a primary budget balance in 10 years .
The comprehensive defeat of the Islamist parties that sought to take Bangladesh away from its democratic and secular roots , and which had sought in 1971 to impose Urdu as a national language and suppress Bengali language and culture , is the real story of the election .
They have never sought to resettle on Diego Garcia , which remains off-limits and leased to the US government until 2016 -- and continues to play a vital role in Western security and defense .
For most of the previous half-century , the North sought relentlessly to impose its will on the South .
The `` strategic partnership '' that both America and the European Union have at times sought with China looks both more plausible and more desirable with democratic India .
Where such personally beneficial laws are concerned , Premier Berlusconi is bull-headed , almost wrecking his coalition recently when one junior minister threatened to resign after the justice ministry sought to stop all investigations into Berlusconi 's affairs .
For example , the government sought to amend Article 18 of the `` Workers ' Statute , '' which compels big firms to reinstate workers dismissed without `` just cause . ''
It sought this change because it believed firms would not hire people they could never fire .
While his charisma and openness to dialog will be sought after , substance will also be measured and much needed .
For example , in 1995 the Smithsonian Institution in Washington sought to take a fresh look at the Enola Gay , the plane that dropped the atomic bomb on Hiroshima .
Moreover , neighboring countries such as Argentina and Brazil have shown a remarkable degree of understanding for Bolivia 's domestic predicament . They have sought to avoid , wherever possible , economic or political disputes with Morales 's government , and have become more diligent about exerting a positive influence on Bolivian affairs .
He has also sought to benefit from ratcheting up tensions with neighboring Venezuela , and counts on his dauphin , former Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos , to unite the country 's right-wing forces in order to ensure continuity with his policies .
The largest controversy surrounded a merger that Russian steel giant SeverStal sought with Luxemburg-based Arcelor .
A year ago , everyone gathered in the streets of Kyiv knew what we were standing up against : a corrupt government that sought to command life and labor , and to dispose of state property , at its will .
This was why my government sought to recover stolen state property .
By identifying the law with their vested rights , the oligarchs who have -LRB- for now ! -RRB- derailed the ideals of the Orange Revolution sought to shield their own interests from challenge .
During my premiership , my government sought to investigate RosUkrEnergo -- to discover who precisely its owners are , how it gained a virtual monopoly on the import of Central Asian gas , and where its profits go .
It has built or is building pipelines to Turkey and Germany , taken over an oil company , and sought footholds in European distribution markets .
Russia sees its relations with Iran as a means to leverage its influence in wider Middle East diplomacy , where the US has successfully sought to exclude the Kremlin from influence since the end of the Cold War .
For a democratic-minded president to co-habit -LRB- as the French call it -RRB- with the very man who sought to sabotage Ukraine 's last presidential ballot would , I knew , provoke institutional paralysis and political chaos .
A country that emerged so recently from one period of dictatorship is unlikely to volunteer for another at the hands of a man who sought to falsify the presidential election of 2004 .
The struggle to secure the victory of Viktor Yushchenko , the true winner in last Sunday 's presidential election , as Ukraine 's new president is not one that we sought .
Recently adopted changes create a more sensible and graduated system for sanctioning recalcitrant countries , but still leave the decision to initiate an excessive deficit procedure to member states , rather than establishing the more automatic mechanism sought by the European Commission .
What it sought to address was market power in a particular sector , not size per se , because market power leads to high prices and potentially reduces variety and innovation .
Del Ponte , whose term expires at the end of the year , has just returned from Belgrade , where she sought again to try to facilitate the arrest of Karadzic and Mladic .
Both began their careers as Malay nationalists who sought to promote the rights of the Malay majority after the British left .
He also sought to shift the sense of crisis away from economics to politics -LRB- where he retained an iron grip -RRB- by removing his designated heir , Anwar Ibrahim , who was Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Finance .
The Flawed Options in Darfur The long-sought joint peacekeeping force for Darfur , which would combine the existing 7,000-man African Union force with as many as 20,000 additional military personnel and civilian police under UN command , has now been approved .
The EU decision comes at a time when NATO has also sought to renew its engagement with Russia after the Georgia conflict led both parties to suspend many joint programs .
Russia 's government has also sought to showcase its growing military potential .
Nevertheless , the administration has sought to meet the concerns of those Americans and US allies worried that Obama might pursue a naïve and reckless path toward nuclear disarmament .
Karzai has sought to finesse the issue by arguing that a peace agreement that ended the insurgency would bring about the withdrawal of all foreign military forces .
The Council of Nice in 2000 sought to restructure the Union for the time when enlargement will double its membership to 27 .
American workers ' organizations , for example , developed insurance benefits for their members and sought to exercise collective control to improve workplace safety .
The Commission , seeking to project itself as the protector of the Pact , sought to issue a warning . But that decision had to be taken by real-life politicians , the Council of Finance Ministers .
Abdullah sought the meeting because he believes that the world since 2001 has divided the fraternity of conservatives .
But Bush , following the terrorist attacks of 2001 , turned his back on conservatism . He sought to radically reinvent the Middle East , not only by overthrowing the Taliban regime in Afghanistan and Saddam Hussein 's regime in Iraq , but also through his strident calls for democratization .
Russia views its relations with Iran as a means to leverage its diplomatic influence in the wider Middle East , where the US has sought -LRB- successfully -RRB- to marginalize the Kremlin since the Cold War 's end .
Soon after , representatives of Saudi Arabia 's Shia community sought a meeting with King Abdullah in an effort to free the detainees .
The Prophet 's hadith about Yemen has enjoyed new resonance ever since the 1980 's , when Saudi Arabia -- in line with American policy -- sought to export domestic dissenters , most prominently Osama bin Laden , a Yemeni of Saudi birth , to fight Soviet infidels in Afghanistan .
Fortunately , Bin Laden 's death comes at the very moment when much of the Islamic world is being convulsed by the treatment that Bin Laden 's brand of fanaticism requires : the Arab Spring , with its demands for democratic empowerment -LRB- and the absence of demands , at least so far , for the type of Islamic rule that Al Qaeda sought to impose -RRB- .
But can the nascent democracies being built in Egypt and Tunisia , and sought in Bahrain , Libya , Syria , Yemen , and elsewhere , see off the threats posed by Islamic extremists ?
From the moment the Twin Towers fell in New York , the US sought to define for the world how to view the terrorist attack .
Above all , the ongoing six-party talks -LRB- China , the US , Japan , Russia , South Korea , and North Korea -RRB- that have sought to bring North Korea 's nuclear program to an end must not become a casualty of the missile launch .
Beyond the Gaza Ceasefire TEL AVIV -- Finally , the long-sought truce between Israel and Hamas in the Gaza Strip has become a reality .
Israel 's leaders , in particular , have sought to reinforce the defenses against the anti-Semitism that still persists in the world .
Unfortunately , however , most international efforts have sought to ameliorate the symptoms rather than cure the underlying disease .
Lee , meanwhile , sought to bring to the fore the issue of North Korea 's drive for nuclear weapons .
When Shanghai sought a similar role several years ago , bankers and investors around the world wondered whether the aim was really for Shanghai to replace Hong Kong as China 's financial heart .
CDOs are a form of financial alchemy : special-purpose vehicles that buy the financial equivalent of lead -LRB- low-rated mortgaged-backed securities -RRB- and finance themselves mostly with the financial equivalent of gold -LRB- highly sought-after AAA bonds -RRB- .
