Finally , euro-area nations must strive harder to find common positions on international issues and to speak with a single voice in the global arena .
Rather , they should strive to develop standards appropriate for controlled firms .
Beyond the additional troops , President Obama must strive for an inclusive settlement in Afghanistan .
Of course , any regulation in this field requires at least some involvement by a doctor but the Oregon Act recognizes the fundamental dilemma faced by doctors confronted with a patient 's request to die and strives to keep that involvement to a minimum .
Mousavi ran as a reformist who said he would strive for greater freedom of the press , more rights for women , and fewer restrictions on the private lives of Iranians .
If Muslims are not to be allowed to build anything Islamic anywhere near Ground Zero , let those who feel insulted strive to change the law through an open democratic process in which the reasons for a legal ban can be argued openly and without fig leafs .
Rightly so : enlargement of NATO is not an `` expansion '' that threatens Russia or other countries which strive for democratic political reforms .
All of them , thanks to globalization and new communication technologies , will strive for the same standard of living , give or take , which will necessarily lead to an overstretched global ecosystem .
In the coming years , Brazil 's government also should strive for fiscal balance -LRB- last year the deficit was still 3 % of GDP -RRB- , and then to attain a surplus , as Chile has done for years now .
This would augment the diplomatic and moral capital available to diplomats as they strive to restrain nuclear proliferation in a world where more countries than ever have the wherewithal to construct a nuclear bomb .
It is in the EU 's vital interest to strive for a far more active policy towards Ukraine than it has so far .
Indeed , political entanglements are one of two sources of weakness in European-style family capitalism , as owners seek political advantages and preferred access as much as they strive for technical innovation .
To reject nuclear weapons and strive for their elimination is , no doubt , a moral aim , at least in the abstract .
Those who strive for the futile goal of a `` drug-free world '' refuse to recognize the proven benefits of harm reduction .
As a result , the mandarins survived WWII and the postwar American occupation relatively undamaged , and they will strive to survive the DPJ government as well .
The religious Islamic component in Iraqi social life should not be underestimated . But it also should not be equated with the political Islamism that strives to capitalize on it .
Not only will we strive to ensure a concerted , clear and speedy reaction to international events and crises , we will also continue the dynamic development of the EU 's crisis management capabilities .
Merchants who seek to build their business on a strong base of regular customers are unlikely to engage in fraud . Companies that want to attract and retain investors strive for financial transparency .
The three would thus receive the status they strive for , within a larger structure and without acting as a self-appointed directoire .
It belongs in the world of nations , and seriously strives for peace with its Arab neighbors and equality for all its citizens .
For the time being , Israel should strive for the safest truce it can accomplish , provided that Hamas stops shooting out of its own crowded living room .
It may be more natural for the Czech Republic , Hungary , and Slovakia to strive for closer regional cooperation with Austria and Slovenia , the contours of which can already be seen in some existing regional groupings .
For employees to develop , they must be imbedded in a stimulating workplace , with new problems to solve , harder tasks to be mastered , added abilities to strive for .
For the true believers in this creed , the suggestion that the manager of a business should strive for anything except maximizing value for shareholders is heresy .
We can start with a simple principle : We should strive not for maximum openness in trade and finance , but for levels of openness that leave ample room for the pursuit of domestic social and economic objectives in rich and poor countries alike .
And if we want democracy along with globalization , we must shove the nation-state aside and strive for greater international governance .
For starters , we can certainly expect a continuation of the so-called currency wars , in which countries strive to keep their exchange rates from appreciating too rapidly and choking off exports .
It is in recognition of this fact that German conservatives strive , for example , to strike a balance between economy and ecology .
Why do so many of us strive to obtain more money , if it wo n't make us happier ?
They may strive to improve their performance , but often they do so for its own sake , for the sense of achievement .
But the core of the argument comes in the first 400 pages , which is not an insurmountable challenge for the intellectually curious -- particularly given that Parfit , in the best tradition of English-language philosophy , always strives for lucidity , never using obscure words where simple ones will do .
Furthermore , instead of pouring hundreds of millions of dollars into technical assistance and short-term capacity-building programs , the London conference should strive to help meet the Afghan government 's benchmark for equipping young people with the skills and education necessary to lead their nation to a future of peace and prosperity .
The chances of a positive outcome are not good , yet we must strive for it , because , in the absence of international cooperation , the world is headed for a period of great turbulence and disruption .
Because our societies have no sense of limits , they strive to eliminate death from our consciousness .
If we have poor measures , what we strive to do -LRB- say , increase GDP -RRB- may actually contribute to a worsening of living standards .
So will the new mistakes , even if the Fed strives to hide the price tag .
Tunisia must strive to maintain that sense of cohesion , which requires a commitment to transparency , tolerance , and inclusiveness -- both politically and economically .
Those in Mexico , Indonesia , Brazil , India and other emerging markets should be told a quite different message : do not strive for a mythical free-market economy , which has never existed .
Of course , government , like the private sector , must strive for efficiency .
But he has also striven to understand what makes capitalist economies dynamic , what lies behind the entrepreneurial spirit , and what we can do to promote it further .
Slumdog Millionaire is the work of an artist at the peak of his powers . India is Boyle 's palette , and Mumbai -- that teeming `` maximum city , '' with 19 million strivers on the make , jostling , scheming , struggling , and killing for success -- is his brush .
So the Kremlin should strive for voluntary recognition of its leadership based on economic and social achievements .
The UK 's ICB has rightly stated that there is room to improve both competition and stability , given the current weak regulatory framework , but it would be imprudent to strive for the complete elimination of market power in banking .
But was n't it more likely , Huxley mused , that future ruling elites would strive to keep the governed in line by distracting them with sexual allurement , entertainment , and other forms of pleasure , à la Brave New World ?
The administration 's policies strive to address the aspirations of global disarmament advocates in several ways .
At the very moment when today 's candidate countries strive for EU membership , EU enlargement is feared by those states that are unlikely to join the Union for the foreseeable future .
As a declared non-nuclear weapon state , Indonesia has always striven for nuclear non-proliferation - indeed , for a world free of nuclear weapons .
According to early Confucian thinkers , a key task for rulers is to strive to improve a peoples ' happiness , which is itself grounded in a moral way of life .
