Yes , this is indeed the position increasingly adopted by Turkey 's Islamic opinion leaders -- who are striving not for jihad or an `` Islamic state , '' but just a modest preservation of tradition .
Against the authoritarian and hierarchical structures of the regime , we raised a decentralized institution , a huge organism striving to achieve consensus about its aims and the methods of action .
High tolerance for failure keeps everybody striving to succeed .
But controlling the disease may prove to be a better strategy than striving to cure it .
Given the complexity of institutional reform , striving for what appears to be optimal might not always be the best approach .
The EU should focus on the ambiguity at the heart of Russia 's official doctrine of `` sovereign democracy '' and use the fact that the current Russian regime 's domestic legitimacy is based , to a large extent , on the perception that it is striving to bring Russia back into European civilization .
That is a national idea worth striving for -- and Pakistan 's intellectuals , its elite , and its youth must be at the forefront of the battle .
The new neighbors are middle-income countries with reasonably good infrastructure and large , striving urban centers such as Moscow , Belgrade , and Kyiv .
Under pressure from all sides , Tadic has thus had to maintain the fiction of defending a maximalist position on Kosovo -LRB- `` no surrender '' -RRB- while striving to maintain and enhance Serbia 's relationship with the EU , which he sees as crucial to reversing the terrible legacy of two decades of war and isolation .
And , above all , Turkey is now a role model for other Islamic societies striving to accommodate democracy , civil liberties , the rule of law , an open economy , pluralism , and religion .
In the meantime , Chávez is striving to minimize the uncertainty .
Unfortunately , some analysts suggest that a Taiwan-ASEAN Free Trade Agreement of the likes of CAFTA may not yet be possible , so , in the interim , President Ma 's administration is striving to achieve separate free-trade agreements with various ASEAN members .
One priority is to ensure that large , new infusions of aid do not produce unintended economic outcomes , such as rapid currency appreciation or inflation , which would make recipient countries ' exports less competitive . Another priority is to ensure that low-income countries that are striving to meet the MDG 's , and which have large financing requirements , avoid a new spiral of indebtedness .
If this inflation is allowed to continue and deepen , it is likely to have effects easily as pernicious as the exchange-rate appreciation the region 's leaders are striving so hard to avoid .
Syroka and her colleagues are striving to promote the use of modern financial technology to make sure that aid arrives in time -- and in sufficient volume -- to avert such outcomes .
We interpret as striving for democracy what is really the traditional way of getting rid of bad rulers .
If , for example , America offers support to Iranian students who are genuinely striving for greater freedom , they are now more likely to be endangered by US support , as the regime 's hardliners are strengthened .
Strong competition policy is not just a luxury to be enjoyed by rich countries , but a real necessity for those striving to create democratic market economies .
China has long invested heavily in higher education and technology ; now it is striving to create world-class institutions .
Yet his African roots give him a unique capacity to transform American relations with Africa , elevating the importance of African self-reliance and achievement , while striving to make American aid more intelligent and effective .
