Nevertheless , long-term US interests in the region will be better served if Pakistan 's democratic forces successfully establish themselves .
They relentlessly but unsuccessfully pressured Montenegro 's leaders to remain in a dysfunctional union with Serbia , condoned Kostunica 's dubious 2006 referendum on a new constitution enshrining Kosovo as a part of Serbia , and weakened demands for Serbia 's cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal in The Hague .
He successfully persuaded Palestinian militants to hold their fire and show Israelis and the world that dismantling settlements need not involve Israeli-Palestinian violence .
With the Gaza Strip in its backyard , Egypt has already mediated several times between Hamas and Fatah , and has been trying , so far unsuccessfully , to arrange a swap of prisoners with Israel following Hamas 's abduction of Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit .
Over the past decade Europe has made important progress in restoring macroeconomic stability , but it has been less successful in enacting the micro-level reforms that are necessary to deregulate markets and improve their efficiency .
In the old Europe , with fragmented financial markets , Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder 's request that Mannesmann remain a German company in the face of a -LRB- successful -RRB- takeover bid by Vodaphone was tantamount to his following an order by the company 's mostly German shareholders .
Mario Monti , the successful Commissioner for Competition , happened to be Italian , but nobody ever accused him of pursuing an `` Italian agenda . ''
Consider Italy , where Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi replaced Mario Monti , the Commission 's most successful and effective member , with a politician enmeshed in the arcane games of Italian party politics .
A politically more successful plan would be to adopt the `` big bang '' approach : implement quickly a broad set of reforms that will break the opposition of special interests and leave enough time before the next election for the benefits of reform to be felt by voters .
Take Brazil . Brazil has been more successful than Argentina in raising tax revenues .
For even when successfully negotiated , sectoral agreements jeopardize economic efficiency and performance by protecting the least competitive industries because each country tries to open trade in areas where it is competitive .
A second danger arises from the fact that , by liberalizing trade for only a few economically successful industries , open sectoralism weakens , rather than strengthens , the broad political support needed for the comprehensive global trade agreements that benefit most businesses , consumers , and countries .
Two weeks ago , North Korea declared that in June it successfully reprocessed some 8,000 spent nuclear fuel rods and now possesses `` nuclear deterrence , '' suggesting that Kim Jong Il 's regime may actually be making atomic bombs .
Given this , education policy should look at what some successful programs have done to establish a school identity that motivates students and teachers to work according to a common purpose .
When a bloody coup against Corazon Aquino 's fledgling democratic government failed , the leader of the putsch escaped from a floating prison -- and then successfully ran for senator .
Moreover , 16 million jobs have been created over the last 10 years -- a record more successful than even the US .
In order to respond to the growing cancer epidemic , we need nothing less than concerted global action similar to the successful mobilization against HIV\/AIDS .
By modernizing and democratizing at home , Turkey 's politicians gained self-confidence in their ability to conduct a successful regional policy .
Few organizations in Chile have been as capable or as successful as those dedicated to human rights .
Oil interests and the regime 's `` dovish '' face in recent years successfully extended its life .
So , to win , Libya 's Colonel Muammar el-Qaddafi has deliberately and successfully turned a civil-resistance campaign into an armed conflict .
A study published by Columbia University on civil resistance has shown that the probability of a country relapsing into civil war following a successful anti-dictatorship armed campaign is 43 % , versus 28 % when the campaign is unarmed .
According to the same study , which was based on 323 cases of armed and unarmed opposition campaigns between 1900 and 2006 , the likelihood of democratic transition within five years following a successful armed opposition campaign is only 3 % , compared to 51 % when campaigns were unarmed .
Albania , Mongolia , and India successfully passed more complicated tests -- and offer some useful lessons in democratic transitions under unfavourable conditions .
In the case of democratic transitions , a success nearby often helps at home . Either country , or both , could offer Libya successful transition models , erecting an important obstacle to military dictatorship or civil war .
Russia 's President Vladimir Putin was incredibly successful in achieving his goals during his first term .
Two days earlier , United States Trade Representative Ron Kirk and European Union Trade Commissioner Catherine Ashton had completed successful talks on Russia 's accession to the WTO with Putin 's first deputy , Igor Shuvalov , Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin , and Minister of Economy and Development Elvira Nabiullina .
He did the same thing last summer by lashing out against a successful mining and metallurgical company , Mechel , and provoking the war in Georgia .
As a result of their successful crisis resolution , the EU 's East European members look better both fiscally and structurally than the old eurozone members .
As for the EU , the candidacies of Romania and Bulgaria need to be concluded successfully , together with the issue of Turkey 's membership aspirations .
While these conflicts involve historical grievances , outside actors - particularly Russia - contribute to their lack of resolution , which is essential for successful reform .
Calderón is trying to check the gangs ' capacity for violence and diminish their economic resources , but he still has not been able to implement a plan that is both successful and minimizes the cost in lives .
The presidential election will obviously serve as a catalyst for renewed , and possibly more successful , negotiations with Israel .
Kadima 's success is due to Sharon 's main innovation in Israeli politics : the successful unilateral disengagement from Gaza .
By contrast , the besieged Jewish community , under David Ben-Gurion and the Jewish self-defense force -LRB- the Hagannah -RRB- was able to mobilize , through its democratic institutions and with only marginal dissent , the resources needed for a successful military campaign .
The more moderate Haifa Arabs tried , not very successfully , to stay out of the fray .
It is extremely successful as a fire brigade or as a midwife , but not as an initiator .
Until now , they have failed abysmally in institutional nation-building , a necessary requirement for any successful national movement .
And , while Mitchell 's successful track record in achieving reconciliation in Northern Ireland seemed like an excellent credential for his current job , it may have hindered him in the Middle East .
Poland , Czech Republic , and Hungary , for example , succeeded in navigating a successful transition to democracy and a functioning market economy .
Where these conditions exist , a transition to democracy can succeed ; where they are missing , the chances -- as in Russia -- for a successful transition to a consolidated democracy are slim .
Proven systems and reforms should be shared between emerging-market cities , and successful new innovations and ideas should be adapted to local conditions .
While this appears to have been successful , questions remain as to whether the turmoil could have been averted and its impact mitigated .
Even if ITER is successful , and if one solves the tritium and material problems , everything would need to be tested in real size , and only then could a first prototype of an industrial reactor be built .
The Union has no business interfering in matters that can be dealt with successfully at the local , regional , or national level .
This is essential if the issues that affect people 's lives are to be tackled successfully .
Unlike in India , where the private corporate sector is the most dynamic sector , in China state-controlled companies are some of the globally more successful .
Changing weather patterns and the increasing magnitude and frequency of extreme weather events will require substantial investments if farmers are to adapt successfully .
We can not meet the challenges faced by the EU effectively and successfully without a strong Europe in the world .
We can not meet the challenges faced by the EU effectively and successfully without a strong Europe in the world . Prosperity and growth , security and stability and the long term sustainability of the EU necessarily pass through the promotion of our interests and values abroad and the engagement with external threats and global challenges .
Dam opponents , including vocal indigenous environmental groups , have waged a seemingly successful battle to protect Tiger Leaping Gorge and the Salween -LRB- the Nu River -RRB- .
But successful financial development is now coming back to haunt these countries .
Israel 's war in 2006 in Lebanon against Hezbollah , supported by the US and the entire Arab `` moderate '' camp , was no more successful .
America 's drive to force Iran to stop its nuclear program through an ineffective sanctions regime has been no more successful than any of its other schemes to isolate the region 's extremists .
Engaging political Islam will need to be the central part of any successful strategy for the Middle East .
The Roman Catholic Church , after a long period of fierce resistance , also has adapted successfully to pluralist competition , legitimating it theologically in the declarations on religious liberty that began with the Second Vatican Council .
To fully appreciate the proposal 's absurdity , consider the extraordinarily successful East European growth model of the past two decades .
Economists have to go back to the nineteenth-century United States to find a similar textbook example of successful growth , with large current-account deficits financed mainly through foreign direct investment .
In the decade leading up to the crisis , the emerging European economies were remarkably successful .
Of all Europe 's governments , only that of Prime Minister Tony Blair in Britain has developed a strategy that successfully combines solidarity for the US with retaining public support at home .
They knew that confusion on the part of the defender offers the best chance for successful attack .
Yet big and small alike must realize that their current disposition implies the slow suffocation of Europe 's most exciting and successful experiment in bringing peace and prosperity to the old continent .
Whoever thought that NATO - that most successful expression of transatlantic solidarity - had found new cohesion after the divisive Iraq crisis should visit the alliance 's headquarters .
That , not the falling-out among major allies over the Iraq War , is the cause for the deep crisis the modern world 's oldest and most successful alliance now finds itself in .
There was talk of possible bilateral contacts with the US , which , if successful , would have ended almost three decades of hostile relations .
Whether they can successfully perform this difficult act , remains to be seen .
The arguments of protectionists , new and old , are just so many myths that can be successfully challenged .
But this argument is specious : one can have a vigorous transportation industry , with trucks , rail , and air cargo moving agricultural produce within and across nations , as countries such as pre-Peronist Argentina , Australia , New Zealand , and modern Chile have done very successfully .
On the second front , there are distressing recent reports that the US Commerce Department is exploring ways to strengthen the bite of anti-dumping actions , which are now generally agreed to be a form of discriminatory protectionism aimed selectively at successful exporting nations and firms .
For example , on trade , there has been a remarkable commitment to efforts -- largely successful -- to avoid significant backsliding into protectionism .
The European Union resulted from the tragic lessons of the first half of the twentieth century , when giving free rein to national egoism led to continental catastrophe , and increasing globalization means that economic , internal , foreign , and defense policies are unlikely to be successful when pursued exclusively at national level .
A successful attack or accident at the Indian Point power plant near New York City , apparently part of Al Qaeda 's original plan for September 11 , 2001 , would have resulted in 43,700 immediate fatalities and 518,000 cancer deaths , with cleanup costs reaching $ 2 trillion .
All seven policies have already been successfully implemented in countries around the world , but they need scaling up .
But this successful performance , together with high growth rates from 2004 to 2010 , seems to have led to an unhealthy level of self-satisfaction among observers and policymakers in some countries .
It took 15 years for other countries to compete successfully with America 's Silicon Valley in semi-conductors , but less than five years in Internet technology .
The so-called `` blue-card '' process has so far been largely unsuccessful , because there was no incentive for individual states to coordinate their policies .
For example , three medical afflictions that create especially acute and enduring distress -- clinical depression , chronic pain , and sleep disorders -- are all conditions that can often be treated successfully , to the vast relief of sufferers .
The next day , British scientists at Newcastle University announced that they had successfully produced a cloned human embryo using donated eggs and genetic material from stem cells .
Illicit Afghan networks , replicating well-known methods that organized crime has applied successfully for decades in other parts of the world , are mobile and resourceful , and can plug into a range of legal economic activities to sustain themselves .
The Chávez government has also been successful in its efforts to reduce poverty , as the World Bank has acknowledged : since 2000 , the percentage of poor households has fallen from 40 % to 21 % , and the rate of extreme poverty has dropped from 20 % to 8 % .
Will the euro 's second decade be as successful as the first ?
Moreover , governments provide services , from defense and law enforcement to a humane safety net , that are essential to a successful economy and society .
A decent pan-European economic recovery , and successful gradual fiscal consolidation , would allow the distressed sovereign bonds to rise in value over time .
The United States Federal Reserve 's commercial paper facility was helpful in reopening the commercial paper market -LRB- although other of its facilities have been less successful -RRB- .
When states got waivers for time limits and work or training requirements for welfare recipients , they were so successful that federal welfare reform followed .
Their anger , inflamed in March when he tried unsuccessfully to sack the Supreme Court 's independent-minded chief justice , rages on .
The invention in the mid-1970 's of technology to clone and sequence DNA opened new vistas for research , and its use on humans and other mammals has been enormously successful in terms of scientific discovery .
Given Hamas 's belligerent ideology , any change in the West 's approach towards Hamas in the aftermath of successful Palestinian dialogue in Cairo would be difficult .
Would the threat of a boycott really prove more successful vis-à-vis Darfur ?
A successful businessman , he could become an ombudsman and whistle-blower , which would be a real innovation .
The reason for Wilders ' surging popularity , apart from widespread distrust of Muslims , is that he has successfully cultivated an image as a fighter for free speech .
Most successful modern football clubs are as mixed as Benetton advertisements , with coaches and players from all over the globe , but this seems to have done nothing to diminish the enthusiasm of local supporters .
The most successful political force in Switzerland today is Christoph Blocher 's Swiss People 's Party .
By proving that authoritarianism can be successful , China is an example to autocrats everywhere , from Moscow to Dubai , from Islamabad to Khartoum .
Yet today too much power is agglomerated in Washington to be contained successfully within a purely national constitutional structure .
And among friends balancing is also more likely to be successful .
In the past two years , Africa has seen successful coups in Niger , Guinea , Madagascar , and Mauritania .
Nevertheless , successful coups may encourage the military to move in other , larger countries .
Provided that South-South trade linkages are reinforced , one might see a new round of successful export-led growth in smaller countries .
This does not require immediately creating new administrative structures , but skillful political coordination can and must be at the heart of this debate and ensuring its successful outcome .
Those who see him as successful have the 1960 's and 1970 's as their dream fantasy .
Forced secularization from above -- relatively successful in the Soviet Union -- failed abjectly .
And today , the ambition of many working-class Italian mothers is to see their daughters become a successful scantily clad `` velina '' who , in turn , manages to hit the gossip columns by flirting with the latest muscleman-turned-TV heartthrob or some budding young football player .
Even the questionable deal Uribe cut with the right-wing paramilitary AUC groups , pardoning up to 30,000 of their members for often horrendous crimes in exchange for their disarmament , appeared successful .
Even the questionable deal Uribe cut with the right-wing paramilitary AUC groups , pardoning up to 30,000 of their members for often horrendous crimes in exchange for their disarmament , appeared successful .
That strategy has rightly been criticized for human rights violations , but it seems to have proved successful .
The next US administration will only prove successful if it grasps that Latin America is living through a moment that combines the best and worst aspects of its history : the fastest economic growth since the 1970 's , with poverty and inequality diminishing , and more democratic and respectful of human rights than ever before , but becoming more politically polarized .
But this is exactly what it did , successfully , with the post-1945 Marshall Plan and , unsuccessfully , with Iraq and Afghanistan today .
And , as recently as a few months ago , a French intellectual 's activism was crucial to initiating the so-far unsuccessful attempt to bring down Libya 's Colonel Muammar Qaddafi .
A successful conclusion of the round would be the strongest possible action to counter protectionist tendencies and resume growth in world trade .
Cancers that are detected early -- when they are small and less likely to have metastasized -LRB- spread away from the primary tumor -RRB- -- are more likely to be treatable with local therapy , whereas successful treatment is ultimately unlikely once metastatic tumors develop .
For example , in some types of breast cancer , patients may be treated for more than a decade with anti-hormone therapies , and these long-term treatments are working -- they are successful at preventing some of the cancer recurrences that occur with shorter treatment .
Indeed , the start of 2005 saw some movement on improved ties , with the introduction of a hugely successful lunar new year charter-flights program .
Most other cultivating and artisan castes , enjoying similar ritual ranks as the financially more successful group , occupied much lower economic positions , which resulted in an amazing degree of heterogeneity among backward castes .
Yet these are successful economies , producing as much per worker hour as the United States , and growing steadily .
In successful economies , people work hard , accumulate , and innovate even when their incentives are poor .
Migrants accustomed to conditions in successful economies are a potential nucleus for industrialization in poor societies . But these workers usually choose to remain in rich economies .
Thus , the problem is to engineer a sufficient flow of return migration to poor societies by those with exposure to the social conditions of economically successful societies .
Yet regulators persist in trying to inject themselves into these fields , with antitrust authorities claiming that they are ripe with anti-competitive practices and exercises of `` undue market power '' by the most successful market participants .
It is no accident , for example , that Europe 's most successful welfare states were created in ethnically homogeneous Scandinavia .
The China-US Climate Duet BEIJING -- Without active collaboration between the United States and China , not only will the odds for successful negotiations in Copenhagen this December to secure a successor treaty to the Kyoto Protocol be diminished , but it will be unlikely that any meaningful remedy will be found in time to arrest rising global temperatures .
The process of establishing the rule of law has been difficult and has remained incomplete in most post-dictatorial countries ; yet it will be a key to successful recovery in Iraq as well .
None of it has been very successful .
It had simply been too successful to remain a force for change .
The Thatcherite counter-revolution was so successful that it , too , began to incite countervailing pressures .
Did Portugal 's Cavaco Silva , the successful Prime Minister of the 1990 's , have to reappear as President in 2006 ?
David Cameron prides himself on a successful campaign to make 40 % of all Conservative parliamentary candidates in Britain are women .
For the most part , the quick fixes they have imposed so far have not been very successful .
President Clinton presided over eight years of successful fiscal management and prosperity , so George W. Bush could not claim this middle ground .
If EU governments are able to strengthen central political institutions , enlargement may be successful ; if not , it may be blocked .
Tony Blair 's Poisoned Legacy Tony Blair has a powerful claim to being one of the most successful British politicians of any recent generation , at least in domestic economic and social policy .
If efforts to produce a parallel bail-in arrangement , which allows bondholders to share the pain , are also successful , we might be within sight of a sensible and not-too-costly reform with which the market can make peace -- and which regulators would have a realistic chance of managing .
While we are phenomenally successful at keeping young people from dying of cancer today , that success comes as a Faustian bargain .
Brazil 's successful return to the financial markets at the end of April and the strengthening of the country 's currency , the real , have shown that the election of President Luiz Inácio da Silva -LRB- Lula -RRB- has not led to a collapse of foreign confidence .
That will happen only if Lula completes a successful transformation from anti-market trade union leader into a statesman judiciously blending economic and social reform .
Eighth , increase support for NGOs with successful records in creating entrepreneurs in rural development , in carpet weaving , jewelry design , or any other activity that Afghans want to develop .
Ireland , for example , had to separate the two functions before it became successful .
But the monetarist-Keynesian post-WWII near-consensus , which played such a huge part in making the 60 years from 1945-2005 the most successful period for the global economy ever , may unravel nonetheless .
America 's growth trajectory will be 2 % below what it would have been had the financial crisis been successfully finessed and the lesser depression avoided .
Led by Robert Rubin , first as an Assistant to the President and later as Secretary of the Treasury , it turned the gargantuan Reagan\/Bush deficits into huge surpluses ; it successfully enhanced America 's high-investment\/high productivity growth recovery ; it pursued initiatives to reduce trade barriers .
The Clinton team could also take credit for the largely successful handling of the 1994 Mexican and 1997-1998 Asian financial crises .
Looking at the capital flow reversal into the US , I can not argue that the second era has been an unqualified success either . It is nice that Mexican workers and entrepreneurs are gaining experience in export manufactures , and successful enough to run a trade surplus vis-à-vis the US .
Unlike in the heyday of liberalism , money from the world 's rich countries simply is not going to give peripheral economies the priceless gift of rapid , successful development .
Still others interpreted `` compassionate conservatism , '' as the commentator Andrew Sullivan put it , as a `` smokescreen ... necessary for any vaguely successful retrenchment of government power in an insatiable entitlement state . ''
Friedman and Keynes both agreed that successful macroeconomic management was necessary - that the private economy on its own might well be subject to unbearable instability and that strategic , powerful , but limited economic intervention by the government was necessary to maintain stability .
For the most part , it looks like these changes in economy and society have not resulted in more wealth , but only in an upward redistribution of wealth -- a successful right-wing class war .
But if it does fulfill these conditions , further hesitation by Europe will undermine all those who want to bring Turkey 's democratic transition to a successful conclusion .
Women hear over and over that we have to be twice as good as men to be perceived as successful , deserving leaders .
The second time , they were more successful , destroying not only the sculpture 's face , but also its shoulders and feet .
Asia 's Questions for America 's Next President NEW YORK -- In one of the longest American Presidential campaigns in history , neither party has addressed one of the most critical issues of the day : how can the United States successfully integrate its domestic concerns with an increasingly competitive global marketplace ?
A similar situation exists in the steel industry , where the central government has made repeated unsuccessful attempts to close small furnaces .
We know that from such cases as that of John Moore , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
The successful appointee should be , above all , an effective administrator and a top economist experienced in policymaking .
But successful development is possible only in the context of transparent and equal international relations , together with stability and security in our neighborhood .
For me , Europe 's integration of Muslim Turkey into its political union is the same sort of question of peace that Schumann and Monnet successfully confronted .
To a lesser degree , Latin American enterprises -- such as Gruma , Modelo , Embraer , Marco Polo , and Embraco -- have successfully introduced themselves in China .
They are most successful when people behave as part of civil society without necessarily being `` civil-society '' professionals .
At the same time , Uribe secured a negotiated agreement to demobilize the right-wing paramilitary insurgents , the United Self-Defense Forces -LRB- AUC -RRB- and successfully disarmed 30,000 AUCs through a program , called `` firm hands , big heart , '' based on civilian reintegration and financial reparation to victims of their crimes .
Indeed , the promise of sustained growth must be the foundation of any successful non-socialist party in Latin America .
The Muslim world is home to many successful movements that combine doctrinal conservatism with a modern outlook that supports capitalism and embraces technology .
If Microsoft 's new software had to compete successfully at least against its old software , we would know the world was improving .
This means that in order to compete successfully with China , Latin American countries will need to increase productivity growth .
President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva did indeed decide to avoid the rampant populism of Hugo Chávez of Venezuela , and successfully tackled inflation .
Indeed , in some young democracies , or more volatile cultures , the suspension of personal feeling is not always successfully maintained .
China successfully navigated the crisis , avoiding a significant slowdown , by ramping up public spending .
If this proved successful , it could then move toward publishing more forceful , umpire-like decisions .
Similarly , the euro-collapse scenario in which such countries successfully pressure the ECB to inflate , compelling Germany to abandon the euro , has shown no signs of developing .
NEWPORT BEACH -- Imagine for a moment that you are the chief policymaker in a successful emerging-market country .
The second signal was sent when Greece successfully vetoed membership for Macedonia , a move that reflected the two countries ' unresolved conflict over Macedonia 's name -LRB- which Greece insists must be Former Yugoslav Republic Of Macedonia -- FYROM -- one of the most disgraceful acronyms harassing international politics today -RRB- .
Or if the initial attempt made on Saddam 's life in the war 's first hours had been successful .
They heard in pleas for freedom from behind the Iron Curtain not a desire to become American , but to join the remarkably successful European experiment in collective security and prosperity that emerged after World War II .
The most successful recent example was the invention of the political party `` Motherland , '' which took protest votes away from the liberal parties as well as from the Communists .
Both sought to undo the work of their successful predecessors , Bill Clinton and Boris Yeltsin .
Clinton led the successful operation against Slobodan Milosevic 's Serbia , the Kremlin 's best friend in Europe .
The jury remained out even after Kenya in early 2008 , when horrific post-election violence was widely considered an RtoP case , and former UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan led a successful diplomatic mission to persuade ethnic-group leaders to quell the storm .
The code has been overwhelmingly successful in ridding Australian football of the on-field racism that made life miserable for most indigenous players , with the number of indigenous players at the elite level more than doubling over the last decade .
They have been successful and , so far , have not experienced bad times .
If this effort is successful , the international community must cooperate fully and swiftly with the Palestinian Authority .
Moreover , antiretroviral drugs given to pregnant HIV-infected women and newborns have proven enormously successful in preventing mother-to-child transmission of HIV .
We conducted a systematic review of published reports to identify the factors that cause unsuccessful TB treatment in Europe . Twenty-six papers were included in the review , covering 13 countries -LRB- the former USSR , the Czech Republic , Poland , and Romania in Eastern Europe , and Denmark , France , Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Northern Ireland , Spain , Sweden , and Switzerland in Western Europe -RRB- in the period from 1988-2001 .
On average , the studies found that 74.4 % of the curative outcomes were `` successful , '' falling short of the WHO 's 85 % target .
Patients were treated `` unsuccessfully '' 12.3 % of the time , and 6.8 % of treated patients died .
MDR-TB was inversely associated with successful treatments .
We found that populations with at least 10 % MDR-TB showed a notable reduction in successful outcomes .
For example , one of the studies that we reviewed found that no standard therapy in the initial or secondary phase of treatment was associated with an unsuccessful outcome or death .
In Spain , homelessness was a risk factor for interruption and HIV positivity , and intravenous drug use was a risk factor for unsuccessful treatment .
Even with successful countercyclical policy , this recession is likely to last longer and be more damaging than any since the depression of the 1930 's .
But in today 's Europe , an successful electoral platform includes shutting out immigrants -LRB- especially poor or black ones -RRB- , abandoning multiculturalism in favor of `` cultural integration , '' limiting access to social welfare , halting or reversing the progress of European unification , and pouring police onto the streets .
Even in Spain and Britain , where few electorally successful right-wing extremists exist , governments seek to pre-empt them by poaching their policies and their rhetoric .
But this also will require successful political modernization , which means nothing less than constraining the power of the center . The most important aspect of this will be to secure real judicial independence .
Europe thus has a strategic interest in Russia 's successful modernization and in good bilateral relations .
If successful , the bargain should also aim at a total normalization of relations between Iran and the US .
So will a failed `` Peace of the Strong '' be followed by a successful `` Peace of the Weak '' ?
Notwithstanding booming oil and gas revenues , its infrastructure remains underdeveloped , and successful economic modernization is a long way off .
The European Union 's successful track record could therefore provide an almost perfect model .
Certainly , coordination between the member states exists , and is even successful at times , but without strong European institutions , such singular successes will not last .
One of the first successful revolutions of this kind , and certainly the most important , took place in China in 1949 .
Numerous successful national liberation movements in Asia , Africa , and Latin America followed .
While Iran suppresses internal freedom , relies on a foreign policy of regional destabilization , and concentrates on developing nuclear weapons , which will reduce rather than enhance its security , Turkey is undergoing a process of successful and comprehensive modernization .
The introduction of a common European currency was successful ; political integration by means of a constitutional treaty a failure .
Above all , the successful modernization of a large Muslim country will make a decisive contribution to Europe 's security .
Obama and the Middle East BERLIN -- With the successful enactment of his health reform , Barack Obama has achieved his biggest domestic success so far -- which , surprisingly , had greater consequences abroad than at home .
So , Obama 's policy towards Iran will prove to be a test of whether the US , as a world power , can defend its interests more successfully by returning to diplomacy and multilateralism , thereby dissociating itself from the belligerent unilateralism of the previous Bush administration .
The US under George W. Bush successfully destabilized Iraq and increased Iran 's influence there , and the question of whether and how Iraq can maintain its stability without US military presence remains open .
China as a Superpower YALTA -- Given its rapid and successful development , there can be no doubt that the People 's Republic of China will become one of the dominant global powers of the twenty-first century .
Second , the Security Council now looks like a paper tiger because its authority was successfully challenged by a worn-out regime .
BERLIN -- When the democratic revolt in Tunisia successfully ousted the old regime , the world reacted with amazement .
On the one hand , Turkey views regional dominance as a stepping-stone to a greater global role ; on the other hand , it views itself as a role model for successful modernization of the Middle East on an Islamic-democratic basis .
We would have to write off six decades of successful European integration , with unknown consequences .
Drawing on that successful experience , the eurozone should avoid the EU 's original sin of creating a supra-national structure that lacked democratic legitimization .
And with every passing day , America 's position in the region is weakening further and the chances of a successful new political strategy become more remote .
To be successful , this strategy also requires a realistic threat of isolation of those who continue to undermine regional stability , as well as substantial progress in the Arab-Israeli conflict .
The Middle East , North Korea , Darfur , Central and East Africa , the Caucasus -- in none of these places can the US still act successfully on its own .
To tackle global food security successfully , we must change the way we treat rural development , which requires adopting a much more bottom-up approach .
Estonia led the way in simplifying its tax system by means of a successful flat tax in 1994 , followed by Slovakia and other small countries in Central and Eastern Europe and elsewhere -LRB- including Mauritius again -RRB- .
It takes liquidity to make a market successful , and it can be difficult to get a new one started until it achieves a certain critical mass .
If Germany 's half-hearted efforts to stabilize Europe somehow turn out to be successful , America 's position will be further eroded , and central banks around the world will begin to regard the euro once again as a reliable alternative to the dollar as a reserve currency .
Even scientists who frowned upon the Swedish committees ' limitations and sometimes odd choices nevertheless still nominated and lobbied for candidates , knowing that if successful , a winner can draw attention and money to a research specialty , institution , or national scientific community .
Outside powers like the US can often help in this process by the example they set as politically and economically successful societies .
Many people within the Bush administration believed that even without approval by the UN Security Council or NATO , American power would be legitimized by its successful use .
The oldest and most successful US universities were founded by British religious dissidents , for whom the corporate form remained vividly alive .
This enabled Lomborg to appeal the verdict , successfully , claiming that the Committee had victimized him for political reasons , given his recent appointment as director of a major national institute for environmental research .
Although we now think of academic disciplines , including the humanities , as being `` research-led , '' this understates the university 's historic role in converting the primate Homo sapiens into a creature whose interests , aspirations , and achievements extend beyond successful sexual reproduction .
Along this path , many potential drugs are withdrawn , and even successfully tested drugs face the additional hurdle of regulatory approval .
Under the banner of `` integrated pest management , '' hundreds of invasive species are now successfully controlled by strategies that restrict the population growth of pests but do not attempt to eradicate them
As in the case of the Diamondback moth , successful eradication of disseminated cancer cells is rare .
Indeed , the parallels between cancerous cells and invasive species suggest that the principles for successful cancer therapy might be found not in the magic bullets of microbiology but in the evolutionary dynamics of applied ecology .
It would aim to spread throughout the country the successful model developed in Zulia whereby students from poor backgrounds are admitted to local private universities as a result of schemes drawn up with the regional government .
In Russia 's recent parliamentary elections , which were - regardless of various reservations - conducted according to democratic standards , parties advocating political and economic freedom suffered painful defeat , while parties proclaiming hostility to the rule of law and modern pluralist democracy were successful .
Chile 's Presidential Minuet BUENOS AIRES -- Chile has been Latin America 's success story since the 1980 's , boasting rapid economic growth , successful integration into the world economy , solid democratic institutions , an effective state bureaucracy , and low levels of corruption .
Chile Stays the Course BUENOS AIRES -- When Sebastián Piñera -- the moderately conservative tycoon who was recently elected president -- takes office on March 11 , Chile will experience what some political scientists consider a watershed in every successful transition to democracy : the rotation of power among political parties .
The rightist opposition had to solve the puzzle of defeating a coalition that had maintained Pinochet 's most successful policies -LRB- mainly the free-market , export-oriented economic model -RRB- without being tainted -LRB- as many Coalición leaders are -RRB- by links to his bloody regime .
Even worse , after the Socialist Party denied a young deputy , Marco Enríquez-Ominami , the possibility to compete in a primary against Frei , Enríquez launched a quite successful independent candidacy , which split the Concertación vote in the first round .
For many children , even when they do attend school , the collapse of infrastructure , the unavailability of electricity and water , and high temperatures in the summer are hardly conducive to successful study .
We may debate the means by which it was pursued , and how successfully , but Russia 's `` existential '' challenges were largely overcome .
A fissile material cut-off treaty -LRB- FMCT -RRB- , long stalled in multilateral talks in Geneva , and a successful second Nuclear Security Summit next year in Seoul , will help secure dangerous nuclear materials .
Assuming a ratio of loans-to-capital of 2.4 times -- an estimate based on the ratio of the successful and financially sound Andean Development Corporation -- the expanded regional and sub-regional development banks or new ones could generate additional lending of approximately $ 120 billion .
The experience of successful reform in the Anglo-Saxon and Nordic countries shows that Europe need not be condemned to stagnation , provided that it renounces rigid employment protection .
This approach has been successfully implemented in Australia , New Zealand , and Switzerland ; Germany and Great Britain are following suit .
Retuning Europe 's Franco-German Engine BERLIN -- Whether or not the French presidency of the EU , which begins next month , is successful will depend in large part on whether Franco-German cooperation can be revived .
So far , al-Qaeda has successfully inflamed the dreaded `` clash of civilizations . ''
All stick and little carrot has failed to quell Chechen nationalism , and President Vladimir Putin 's similarly heavy-handed attempts to control Russia 's so-called `` near abroad '' -- as in Ukraine during the Orange Revolution -- have proven no more successful .
Existing terrorists need to be stopped before they act ; failing that , societies need to protect themselves and have ready the means of reducing the consequences of successful attacks .
The 1990 's may have been a lost decade , but Japan 's economy has begun to recover , now growing at more than 2 % a year and boasting several firms that are truly global and hugely successful .
As we have recently witnessed , terrorists can be attacked and stopped before they can cause harm ; individuals and countries can be defended ; and societies can take steps to bolster their resilience when they are successfully attacked , as on occasion they inevitably will be .
Moreover , measures have been implemented to push back , successfully , against terrorists .
After the successful revolts in Cairo and Tunis , the slanders abated .
Such theories , however , always seem to explain the last crisis but never successfully predict the next one .
But in almost every successful case -- for example , Mexico and Argentina in 1995 , Korea in 1998 , and Brazil in 1999 -- what worked was a combination of domestic adjustment and international support .
That seems to be the case in Ukraine today , as its people prepare to vote for a new parliament little more than a year after their successful Orange Revolution .
Conflict resolution , if it is to be successful , requires channeling the energy generated by conflict toward constructive and nonviolent alternatives .
Since 2003 , Prince Muhammad has been in charge of a successful campaign against violent Islamism in the Kingdom .
Scholars of the region , like myself , are also recognizing that our understanding of Arab politics did not anticipate this wave of successful protest .
Dr. Khan was barely mentioned by the head of the NDC , Dr. Samar Mubarakmand , in his victory speeches after the successful May 1998 nuclear tests .
A Kenyan school-based treatment program was so successful that more teachers had to be hired because schools filled up .
As the heartland of some of the strongest Islamist forces anywhere , this Saudi effort -- if successful and a harbinger of other needed changes -- may have an even more profound impact than the elections in Iraq and Palestine .
Indeed , the ECB has successfully anchored inflation expectations right from the start at a level consistent with its definition of price stability .
Several countries successfully joined the eurozone after fiscal and monetary reforms .
The world 's next great commercial center was Amsterdam , where again the successful burghers pushed for a new style of art and produced the age of Rembrandt .
At the United States Federal Reserve , Paul Volcker engineered a sustained and successful process of disinflation beginning in 1979 .
In the second , more successful , phase , an increasing number of countries adopted either explicit or implicit inflation targets .
Without question the most successful central banker of the twentieth century , Volcker was an early and persistent voice warning of the problems of what he called `` the bright new financial system . ''
The bank reforms generally did punish the bankers , but they were not successful in promoting new bank lending .
In that case , new profits could quickly be used to plug the gaps , and no one would ever know about an apparently successful deception .
After successful experiments in smaller economies , New Zealand in 1990 and then Canada in 1991 , and later in Sweden and the United Kingdom , the conviction developed that the new approach represented a superior way of dealing with the problem of inflationary expectations .
Each metal had its different coinage . This regime was so successful in part because the coins were used for different purposes .
But it can -- and has -- been done , and it can be remarkably successful at satisfying peak demand for stability .
If China is to avoid the fate of early 20th century Germany , it must bolster successful economic modernization with constitutional and political reform .
Saddam 's regime was largely successful in suppressing information about the event .
Koizumi 's successors , Prime Ministers Shinzo Abe and Yasuo Fukuda , have sought to engage China over the past two years , with summits in Beijing and a successful visit by Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao to Japan last year .
Emerging more united from this tragedy , the country welcomed the world to the long-anticipated Olympics , which were remarkably successful , but were soon superseded by the tainted-dairy-product scandal in which many babies became ill , and some died .
To meet these challenges successfully , there is no viable alternative to a positive , continuous , and frank engagement between China and the rest of the world .
Reshaping the US health-care system to focus on successful outcomes and quality of life , rather than on employing the newest and most expensive technology , is a challenge for which no one yet has a proven solution .
Kaufman understands that successful reform requires three ingredients : arguments that persuade , the ability to bring colleagues along , and a good deal of luck in the form of events that highlight problems at just the right time .
Following the Times Square bombing attempt , Clinton issued an even harsher judgment : `` if a terror attack like the New York bombing were to be successful and found to have originated from that country , there would be very severe consequences . ''
Even then , successfully changing institutions is easier said than done , as they are rooted in deeply enshrined norms and values .
If there is one bilateral relationship that the Bush administration is seen to have handled successfully , it is that with India .
After all , it worked successfully for decades : the unprecedented geostrategic , military , and ideological confrontation of the Cold War never escalated into open , head-to-head warfare .
When Herzen was writing his words , Moscow was not only busy successfully putting down the Poles , reasserting its rule there for another half-century , but also , together with China , carving up Central Asia , known then as Turkestan .
Come to think of it : whatever happened to the Poles , whom Russia so successfully put down in 1863 ?
In order to manage the economic crisis successfully , any president must not only shift economic policy , but also amass enough political power to be able to thwart the intervention of the Revolutionary Guards and other organizations in economic policy-making .
If there are elements powerful enough to plan such a plot -- even an unsuccessful one -- they could do it again in the future .
Shetty 's team has successfully participated in telemedicine consultations -- multi-specialty , non-stop availability , and supplemented by continuing education -- with hospitals in 14 African countries .
But he is also an entrepreneur , and this is the latest in his many efforts to create successful , low-cost , but cutting-edge medical ecosystems in tough locations worldwide .
Our research shows that industrial policy was successful in promoting a competitive bioethanol industry in Brazil .
Most underperforming ethanol companies went bankrupt or were taken over by entrepreneurs who had successful track records in running efficient operations .
When Khrushchev came back , he was smiling : Sputnik 's launch was successful .
In August and September , R-7 missiles were successfully launched twice .
Threatening resignation is nothing new to Shevardnadze , who has employed such threats successfully throughout his career .
A rail link between South Korea and Siberia , to carry Korean and Japanese goods west and Russian resource exports east , may be but one positive result of any successful deal he may broker on the Korean peninsula .
Nepotism as a means of security is readily seen in the successful revolutionary 's habit of appointing a brother or cousin to run the army : Fidel Castro did so in Cuba , Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua , Hafez Assad in Syria , and Saddam Hussein in Iraq .
But Tymoshenko 's party successfully submitted its list in the very same format at the March 2006 election , which demonstrates the glaringly partisan nature of the election commission 's ruling .
By contrast , successful democracies believe that nobody is irreplaceable .
She carved out a successful business career in the rough and tumble of the post-Soviet gas industry .
The current stalemate is all the more troubling in view of recent momentum on other disarmament tracks , including last year 's successful NPT Review Conference and heightened attention to nuclear security .
In the face of the North 's provocations , South Korean President Lee Myung-bak has demonstrated more of the statesmanship he showed in the recent G-20 summit in Seoul , when he successfully crafted a new focus on development for the group .
The French president has already played a crucial role in bridging the U. S\/European divide on the Afghan mission and - after a successful donor 's conference - has taken the help of the EU 's rotating , six-month presidency .
After the brief , unsuccessful attempt at exchange rate realignment known as the Smithsonian Agreement , the world 's major currencies were floated in February 1973 .
They could n't make him bend when , as Governor , he successfully defended the independence of the Bank of France , and they wo n't make him bend now .
The European Union has been so successful that you would have thought there would be dancing in the streets at its 50th anniversary .
The Myth of Decoupling PALO ALTO , CALIF. &#45; &#45; The fact that America 's economy is slowing is bad news for Europeans , regardless of claims that Europe 's economy has successfully decoupled itself from the United States .
Critics who want a more activist , growth-oriented monetary policy have tried -- albeit unsuccessfully -- to soften up the 68-year-old Dutchman with personal attacks and degrading insults .
He deserves Europe 's unequivocal gratitude for launching the ECB so successfully .
They were sometimes naive , as when Spencer hoped that rich citizens would nearly automatically be good citizens and thus find it natural to help those who were not so successful .
But these measures will be successful only if they are not taken in an isolated and populist way .
When former United States Secretary of State James Baker began his shuttle diplomacy for peace , his ultimately unsuccessful efforts actually resulted in more settlements , with a new one started just hours before he was due to arrive for talks .
Unless and until Israel pays a heavy price for its illegal activities in the occupied territories , it is hard to imagine a successful peace process taking shape .
Many will say that this appearance of supporting peace without surrendering land has been Israel 's successful position for decades .
Abbas and his negotiating team , headed by Erekat , have been successful in securing the support of all members of the Arab League .
All successful efforts in the Middle East conflict have not occurred in front of cameras and through publicly declared direct talks .
The visit to Jerusalem of Egypt 's then-President Anwar el-Sadat , and the ensuing Egypt-Israel breakthrough at Camp David , took place only after successful behind-the-scenes understandings .
The biggest stumbling block for any successful conclusion is the public on both sides , so the more the public is kept out of the day-to-day talks , the better .
Although no one has yet caught up to Al Jazeera 's news and current affairs popularity , the Saudi-owned Middle East Broadcasting Center has introduced a successful 24-hour station , Al Arrabiyeh , which is challenging Al Jazeera 's lead .
Ultimately , the Arab countries do not have the benefit of Turkey 's tradition of moderate Islam or its history of successfully fusing Islam and Westernization .
These not only increase household spending , but also offer opportunities for trade , in both the formal and informal sectors , making it the most successful policy in the fight against poverty .
In the face of his growing problems , Morales has resorted to two tactics that successfully diverted public opinion in the past : conflict with Chile over landlocked Bolivia 's claims to Chilean territory that would give it an outlet to the sea , and a new electoral campaign , this time for judges .
In fact , first attempts at spawning can be relatively unsuccessful , so a fisheries policy that depends for the most part just on first-time spawners -LRB- which is what we are approaching now -RRB- , could be especially flawed .
They also participate successfully in a market economy while seeking to preserve an egalitarian social model .
Because an enlarged Union will become a reality in just two months , it is imperative to develop concepts for cultural understanding that contribute to the successful integration of the new members .
A successful education teaches us to treat others with dignity , regardless of religion , race , origin , or gender .
A significant element of a successful education is the willingness to be tolerant of others .
In Ecuador , a country that is now a successful exporter of cut flowers , farmers would not grow flowers decades ago because there was no modern cooling facility near the airport , and private firms would not invest in such facilities without a supply of flowers for export .
This may be one of the reasons why the Growth Commission Report also found that successful economies all have committed , credible , and capable governments .
Historical evidence shows that in countries that successfully transformed from an agrarian to a modern economy -- including those in Western Europe , North America , and , more recently , in East Asia -- governments coordinated key investments by private firms that helped to launch new industries , and often provided incentives to pioneering firms .
By contrast , governments in many successful developing countries have focused on strengthening industries that have done well in countries with comparable factor endowments .
Support for basic research , and patents to protect successful innovation , may help .
The government should also pay attention to the development by private enterprises of new and competitive products , and support the scaling up of successful private-sector innovations in new industries .
The euro represents the dollar 's strongest competitor , so long as the eurozone successfully addresses its current sovereign-debt crisis through bailouts and longer-term institutional reforms that safeguard the gains from a long-running single-market project .
If he does , he will probably be remembered as one of Colombia 's most successful and influential presidents , and can look forward to a continuing career as a regional and international statesman .
The most expensive programs are n't necessarily the most successful .
Although the Merck project successfully raised money for Costa Rican biodiversity research , few if any drugs have been developed , and the model has not been transferred elsewhere .
Even if policymakers were successful in creating an environment that better rewards investment and thus promotes faster growth , Latin America 's ills would not be solved .
Few of this region 's most important challenges can be tackled successfully unless the state can administer complex public programs .
Of course , not all programs are successful , but some effective cases of procurement and revenue reform have benefits 100 times higher than the costs .
Colombia has successfully implemented an alternative judicial system using `` Community Boards '' that deal with land title disputes .
Yet the overall benefits of a successful Doha Round would likely be hundreds of times greater than these costs .
And , because it would be cheaper and easier than carbon cuts , there would be a much greater chance of reaching a genuine , broad-based -- and thus successful -- international agreement .
The Hartwell group correctly notes that in order to be successful , our approach to climate policy should offer obvious advantages -LRB- `` rapid and demonstrable pay-back '' -RRB- , appeal to a wide variety of people , and produce measurable results . The Kyoto approach , of course , does none of these things .
The Swedish bank cleanup in the early 1990 's is often cited as an example of how successful this idea can be .
A dynamic and successful Europe is not a one-size-fits-all Europe , and European integration must not become a goal in itself , but a means to create sustainable prosperity .
The EU gives the outward impression of being a successful project .
I have no doubt that a successful reconstruction program will lead their country to recovery .
But a recent symposium at Oxford University concluded that emerging-market cities could improve and maintain urban health by capturing the inherent advantages of concentration , coordinating health policies and programs , adopting successful innovations , reforming health education and training , and developing improved planning processes .
Despite Putin 's so far unsuccessful fight against terrorism , his popularity remains high , so he has the political capital to make tough internal reforms .
That Walt Whitman and Mark Twain , Herman Melville , Henry James , and John Dos Passos had lived here , that Enescu , Brancusi , or Eugen Ionesco had been successful here in no way raised my hopes .
As US Army General Antonio Taguba 's report on the abuses at Abu Ghraib puts it , the `` guard force '' was `` actively engaged in setting the conditions for successful exploitation of the internees . ''
This process might also explain why , although many reward systems have proven successful at the beginning , their benefits quickly fade .
As the obstacles created by previous government policies and past population growth are gradually removed , adopting successful innovations will yield increasingly large payoffs and faster per-capita growth over time .
He successfully portrayed himself as a rebel resisting the LDP 's old guard , actually purging some of them , in defense of ordinary Japanese .
But , while Koizumi successfully knocked out the Tanaka faction within the LDP , many of Tanaka 's adherents , led by Ozawa , had re-established themselves by colonizing and taking over the DPJ .
This revolution , if successful , will turn our world upside down .
The US has been tremendously successful in promoting research strategies that support the use of nanotechnology , and has served as a model that is being duplicated around the world .
In the US , successful convergence in economic conditions across regions relies strongly on labor mobility .
For some analysts , the emergence of countries like Brazil as economic powerhouses stems partly from successful demutualization of their stock exchanges .
And many policymakers around the world have reaffirmed their commitment to completing a successful Doha trade round and refraining from raising new barriers to trade and investment .
If successful , they will impair the revival of a transparent , responsible , and vibrant securitization market -- a market that , if properly managed , can contribute meaningfully to sustainable , long-term economic growth .
Claims of prior inability to remember imply that they had attempted unsuccessfully to recall their abuse , only to remember it much later .
France 's successful presidency has intensified doubts about the effectiveness of the Commission and its president , so much so that even in Paris concerns are being voiced that the Brussels executive must somehow be strengthened if it is not to become a mere secretariat .
All of this implies much stronger support from OECD countries , especially the US , for a successful conclusion of the Doha WTO trade round .
While successful twentieth-century insurgencies developed some degree of hierarchy and a political wing , the Iraq insurgency remains a loose , amorphous network .
While aggressively marketing tobacco products , they also waged a successful public relations campaign designed to create uncertainty about the destructive and lethal characteristics of their products .
Every successful revolution creates winners and losers .
So feelings of injustice gave rise to resentment , envy , and a destructive energy focused on revenge against former enemies and old friends who seemed successful .
The Bosman ruling , named after a Belgian player who successfully challenged the rule 's application to players from other European Union countries , eroded the limit , which collapsed altogether under the onslaught of the richest European clubs ' demand for a free hand in hiring the best players , wherever they might be found .
Addressing them successfully would allow the country to generate the savings needed to meet its huge looming public-investment requirements : expansion of productive infrastructure -LRB- roads , ports , and airports -RRB- in order to remove severe bottlenecks to faster non-inflationary growth ; unprecedentedly large planned investment in oil exploration and electricity generation ; and forthcoming international sporting events -LRB- the World Cup and the Olympic Games -RRB- that Brazil will host in the next few years .
But instead of succumbing to a `` Somalia scenario , '' dreaming of a `` Japan scenario , '' or settling for an `` Afghanistan scenario , '' Iraq may yet become a `` scenario '' for successful intervention in the 21
The world in which we live may be moving toward the multi-polarity wished for by French President Jacques Chirac , but not necessarily in a successful and stable way .
Twenty years ago , one of the main obstacles to creating an Asian Union was Japan -- Asia 's most advanced and successful country , but one that did not feel Asian .
But , while his record as education minister is far from impressive , he has successfully reinvented his image in the last few months , becoming the `` new man '' of French politics .
That implies successfully integrating French immigrants into the wider community with a combination of economic growth , restoration of the authority of the State , but also and above all a far greater sense of solidarity and fraternity .
If we lose sight of that in our struggle against terrorism and its causes , we will be left unable to face successfully the long-term challenge of `` Chindia . ''
Unlike when the Alliance was created , a multi-polar world system has taken shape , in which the West 's demographic and economic share has fallen , and in which it must now compete with successful authoritarian models such as China or even Russia .
Innovation may increase even more when firms and managers realize that even the most successful firms -- those that `` have done everything right '' -- may languish and disappear .
The treaty is but a necessary step to successful EU enlargement and further progress on Europe 's construction ; it is not an end in itself .
To be successful , a strategy of fighting climate change must be not only fair , but also effective .
This is one reason why successful mitigation at the global level faces stiff headwinds .
Talk of a new , Europe-friendly constitution indicates that they might even be willing to give up what , along with the Deutschmark , was the old Federal Republic 's most prized possession : the Basic Law , arguably the world 's most successful constitution during the last half-century .
Exploring the economic history of the Jews also reminds us that groups that are disproportionately successful are met by different political reactions .
Societies long oriented to economic dynamism tend to welcome the economically successful , viewing them as a source of mutual gains .
But cultures that tend to resent the economically successful -- either as an affront to equality , or on the implicit assumption that the economic gains of some must be at the expense of others -- tend to be more hostile toward Jews and given to conspiratorial theories to explain their economic success .
Confucian civic culture also provided the basis for a long history of successful self-government .
A worthy goal , but successful models do not come readily to mind .
Guantanamo was selected as the site to imprison them in a deliberate -- and successful -- effort to prevent American civilian courts asserting their jurisdiction .
If the EU is to craft a successful policy toward the world 's rising powers , it must speak in a strategic language that they understand .
From this standpoint , the American model , for example , is more successful : the head of state also leads the government .
And , with the resource boom fueling Russia 's self-proclaimed return to international influence , the Kremlin will continue to exploit its successful strategy of playing one European country off against another , aided by the EU 's lack of a coherent Russia strategy and a common energy policy .
Europe is seeking to diversify supply , and Russia its demand -- though neither is doing so very successfully .
In the 1920 's and 1930 's , the Belgian authorities enacted policies that defined the population along ethnic lines and favored the Tutsi in a deliberate - and successful - effort to divide society and fan resentment among Hutu leaders .
When South Korea 's National University announced the first-ever successful cloning of a dog , the news triggered arguments about science and society throughout Asia .
Indeed , along with talent and interest , as well as mathematical or other quantitative abilities , curiosity is a necessary characteristic of any successful scientist .
The other was the Science Festival of Genoa , Italy , a young and hugely successful event with exhibitions and high-profile speakers throughout the ancient town .
What struck me on both occasions was the sustained , and evidently successful , attempt to reach out to the two target groups upon whom the future of science and technology will depend .
Having been buoyed by the successful and peaceful 2002 election that brought in the promise of change , the Kenyan public remains loudly outraged by the government 's failures to make good on its promises .
Human rights organizations knew that Obama had prepared the way , in public-relations terms , for some criminal trials -- talking up the `` supermax '' security of some US prisons , and noting that other terrorists have successfully been tried by America 's justice system .
And she was successful : she taught leaders that they would have to invite the people in -- and treat them with basic respect -- if they were to maintain their position .
In practice , however , a successful vision often arises from the needs of the group , which are then formulated and articulated by the leader .
And , to be sustainable , a successful vision must also be an effective diagnosis of the situation that a group faces .
It takes time to set down roots , as the successful cases of Southeast Asia demonstrate .
With Iraq rapidly descending into bloody chaos , the prospects for holding successful democratic elections in January , as the US and the Iraqi interim government have promised , look bleak .
Here European countries are well endowed , having overcome centuries of animosity and developing a large successful market .
If he is able to produce a stable constitution , a political compromise among the contesting parties , and successful elections , he may be able to declare victory .
But it also acted because taking such risks has proven successful in the past , and here , Kim probably believed the risks were low .
When successful , such leadership increases American soft power while reducing sources of instability .
There are now more than 80,000 Indian students studying in the US , and many have stayed to establish successful companies .
If Obama fails to fight these fires successfully , they will consume his political capital , but if all he does is fight them , he will inherit Bush 's priorities .
A successful strategy against Al Qaeda will require close intelligence cooperation with other countries and policies that attract the support of mainstream Muslim opinion .
But successful diplomacy will require repairing relations with Russia .
In Yugoslavia , the Slovenes , Serbs , and Croats managed to carve out independent republics in the early 1990 's , but the Muslims in Bosnia-Herzegovina were less successful .
In addition , a successful leader needs the hard-power skills of organizational and Machiavellian political capacity .
Equally important is the contextual intelligence that allows a leader to vary the mix of these skills in different situations to produce the successful combinations that I call `` smart power . ''
A successful vision is one that combines inspiration with feasibility .
Not only did he successfully use networks in his campaign ; he has continued to use the Internet to reach out to citizens .
But , whatever the failures of particular British legislators , the issues go further than merely allowing voters to `` throw the rascals out . '' There is also a question of how successful leadership is taught and learned in a democracy .
A successful democracy requires leadership to be widespread throughout government and civil society .
After all , the key to successful leadership is to surround oneself with good people , empower them by delegating authority , and then claim credit for their accomplishments .
For example , China tried to enhance its soft power by successfully staging the 2008 Olympics , but its domestic simultaneous crackdown in Tibet -- and subsequent repression in Xinxiang and arrests of human rights lawyers -- undercut its gains .
So , in Yekaterinburg , Russian President Dmitri Medvedev declared that `` there can be no successful global currency system if the financial instruments that are used are denominated in only one currency . ''
America is a magnet , and many people can envisage themselves as Americans , because many successful Americans look like people in other countries .
A century and a half ago , Japan became the first non-Western country to adapt successfully to modern globalization .
So , as the Obama administration struggles to implement its smart-power strategy in the current revolutionary conditions of the Middle East , it is worth noting that the US is not alone in confronting the difficulties of combining hard and soft power successfully .
China 's authoritarian political system has thus far shown an impressive capacity to achieve specific targets , for example , staging a successful Olympic Games , building high-speed rail projects , or even stimulating the economy to recover from the global financial crisis .
Even in the era of alleged American hegemony , studies show that only one-fifth of America 's efforts to compel change in other countries through military threats were successful , while economic sanctions worked in only half of all cases .
The US and China put aside their intense hostility in a joint and successful effort to contain an expansionist Soviet Union .
Such arguments were deployed successfully during the 2005 referenda on the Constitutional Treaty in France and the Netherlands , and in Ireland during the referendum on the Lisbon Treaty .
One of them is a reserve requirement on cross-border flows -- successfully implemented in Chile , Colombia , and elsewhere -- or , even better , on cross-border liabilities .
Even before he became premier , Mr. Zhu , as the president of China 's central bank , was known as the architect of China 's 8 % annual economic growth in the 1990s and the mastermind of its successful fight against inflation .
Nigeria has never held successful civilian-run elections .
This is a poor showing for countries that successfully confronted the challenges of creating the EU and monetary union .
If successful , the centerpiece of their efforts would be a global deal on how to reduce harmful greenhouse gases , by how much , and when .
The third phase was one of economic catch-up , which , unlike the first two phases , has not really been successful in Hungary , which today may even be falling back .
It is widely believed , even among the most Euro-skeptical of observers , that joining the eurozone will affirm these countries ' successful transformation into modern market economies .
Triumphant from the 2008 Olympic Games , its leaders have undertaken the most impressive infrastructure program in history , implemented a highly successful economic stimulus package , and now are moving into the forefront of green technology , renewable energy , and energy efficiency -- the activities out of which the new global economy is certain to grow .
She comes from the heartland of a successful and moderate civil society flanked by extremism and rage .
Turkey 's achievements form a case study in successful economic development .
The secret behind Sweden 's successful development , and hence people 's attitudes , is how the costs of change are distributed .
In the modern era of globalization , export-led growth is supplemented by policies to attract foreign direct investment -LRB- FDI -RRB- , a combination that has been particularly successful in China .
Labor standards , minimum wages , and unions are part of the solution , as they were in countries that developed successfully .
The `` many recipes '' thesis is that countries develop successfully by following eclectic policies tailored to specific local conditions rather than by following generic best-practice formulas designed by economic theorists .
Having successfully integrated ten new members in May -- including eight former communist countries with significantly lower levels of economic development -- some argue that the EU should stop there .
It is this extraordinary , historic act that made possible the reconstruction and successful development of Europe over the last half-century .
Obviously , there will be no peace in Palestine unless we start to talk to Hamas -- a point that President Barack Obama 's special envoy to the region , Senator George Mitchell , will surely appreciate after his experiences as a successful mediator in Northern Ireland .
They need to be pushed and shoved into a successful negotiation .
As things stand , we are in danger of making Europe politically irrelevant , a successful customs union with a Swissified foreign policy and a group of fractious , vision-free leaders .
George Soros , the enormously successful investor , has used much of his own wealth to establish the Open Society Institute , which has helped to underpin the democratic revolution in Central and Eastern Europe and to press for human rights worldwide .
Many successful businessmen are putting some of their wealth into foundations that run schools and colleges .
But it now challenges the principles on which America 's successful policy of a democratic and prosperous peace was based , and it has no alternative model to put in its place .
Moreover , the Pope made a very successful visit to Britain in September .
Above all , every government that successfully led its country into the EU had to adopt-often under pressure and hastily-a range of unpopular steps .
A fourth step , albeit for the future , is an international conference at which all relevant parties would adopt the `` goal map '' and commence parallel bilateral negotiations on this basis , which would enhance the actors ' interest in seeing the entire process through to a successful conclusion .
But , while the drive for democratic change has been local and authentic , there is no guarantee of a successful political transition : democratically elected governments will have to address the same social and economic problems that contributed to the old regimes ' fall -- not least the need to create jobs and opportunities for the young .
The EU-led Stability Pact for South Eastern Europe has since 1999 successfully stimulated regional cross-border cooperation , for the first time since the breakdown of Yugoslavia .
Although it was only slightly longer than the highly successful cantilever bridge over the Forth River near Edinburgh , Scotland , the Quebec Bridge was so inadequately designed that it collapsed before it was completed .
Each used technology that engineers had been confidently employing for bridges , and for which the assumed loads and methods of analysis were well established . In every case , engineers believed that they were just building incrementally on successful practice .
It was also known to Galileo , who noted that Renaissance engineers who followed successful methods of building ships and moving obelisks were often surprised by the spontaneous failures when tried with larger ships and obelisks .
The remaining Russian lands would then have no other choice but to attach themselves to Ukraine , which should by then have become a successful member of the European Union .
Russia 's military chiefs , for whom it is psychologically difficult to be ordered by politicians to abruptly end a large-scale and successful military operation , are their natural allies .
Around the same time , the Philadelphia Eagles , an American football team , offered a second chance to former star Michael Vick , who was convicted of running a dog-fighting operation in which unsuccessful fighters were tortured and killed .
This year , commercial vessels successfully navigated the Northeast Passage .
Indeed , this group is reminiscent of the young twenty and thirty year olds who took power in Estonia in 1991 and successfully led that former Soviet country into EU membership .
Indeed , we struggle -- more or less successfully , I think -- even to define what a `` scholarly '' practicing physician is , because a clinician 's reputation rests on local interactions that are often difficult to document .
Douglas MacArthur 's partially successful policies in Japan after the Second World War offer some guidance .
They also have the ability to organize successfully against the market , particularly in small countries , where incumbents form a well-defined group whose members often attended the same elite schools , frequent the same clubs , and intermarry .
A successful strike on Dimona , however , would be another matter .
North Korea proved more successful , becoming the eighth country to detonate a nuclear weapon . At least two other NPT parties -- Libya and Syria -- engaged in significant nuclear subterfuge but failed .
Rather than the dominos falling following America 's retreat from Saigon in 1975 , a Vietnam-Cambodian War ensued . This in turn stimulated China 's unsuccessful intervention in North Vietnam .
A successful Doha Round would thus complement the international collaborative efforts underway , with IMF involvement , to tackle external imbalances among the major economies .
Indeed , he can be plausibly described as being chiefly responsible for formulating and successfully propagating the doctrine of `` humanitarian intervention . ''
If China is successful in implementing its pro-consumption agenda , the rest of Asia will be well positioned to avoid the fallout from America 's new generation of zombie consumers .
The recently enacted 12th Five-Year Plan could well be a strategic turning point -- ushering in a shift from the highly successful producer model of the past 30 years to a flourishing consumer society .
During this time , capitalism -- smooth and successful between 1945-1975 -LRB- sustained high growth , low unemployment , and no financial crises -RRB- -- weakened .
This would bring the so-called Doha `` Development '' Round to an unsuccessful conclusion , but it would be no disaster .
Talk to World Bank and WTO officials , and you will get an earful of inflated claims about the benefits that a successful Doha round would bring .
Whereas the standard story -- the one that motivated the drive to liberalize capital flows -- is that developing countries are saving-constrained , the fact that capital is moving outward rather than inward in the most successful developing countries suggests that the constraint lies elsewhere . Most likely , the real constraint lies on the investment side .
That is why successful reforms often do not travel well .
But the most important lesson revealed by the Africa Cup is that successful nations are those that combine globalization 's opportunities with strong domestic foundations .
Nor was it a fluke : Egypt is consistently the most successful national team in the Africa Cup tournament , winning it five times previously .
If that were the key to Egypt 's success , Sudan , which has no players in Europe , would have done well . Instead , Sudan -LRB- along with Benin -RRB- was the tournament 's least successful team , losing all three games that it played .
Yes , successful economies have many things in common : they all engage in the global economy , maintain macroeconomic stability , stimulate saving and investment , provide market-oriented incentives , and are reasonably well governed .
Conclude this so-called `` development round '' successfully , and you will lift hundreds of millions of farmers in poor countries out of poverty and ensure that globalization remains alive .
All countries that have successfully globalized have used such policies , many of which -LRB- e.g. , subsidies , domestic-content rules , reverse engineering of patented products -RRB- are currently not allowed under WTO rules .
President-elect Barack Obama made the plight of the middle class a central plank of his successful campaign .
Even when initially successful , government intervention in favor of business can outlive its usefulness and become ossified .
Economists have been extraordinarily successful in conveying their message to policymakers -- even if ordinary people still regard imports with considerable suspicion . Nothing reflects this better than how `` protection '' and `` protectionists '' have become terms of derision .
Economists enamored of the neo-liberal Washington Consensus may have written it off , but successful economies have always relied on government policies that promote growth by accelerating structural transformation .
And the highly successful salmon industry is the creation of Fundación Chile , a quasi-public venture fund .
But scratch the surface of any new successful industry anywhere , and more likely than not you will find government assistance lurking beneath .
Its successful practitioners understand that it is more important to create a climate of collaboration between government and the private sector than to provide financial incentives .
Before the crisis , Europe looked like the most likely candidate to make a successful transition to the first equilibrium -- greater political unification .
Rapid integration into global markets is a consequence , not of trade liberalization or adherence to World Trade Organization -LRB- WTO -RRB- strictures per se , but of successful growth strategies with often highly idiosyncratic characteristics .
In successful economies , such as China and India , the movement of workers from traditional agriculture to manufacturing and modern services accounts for a substantial part of overall productivity growth , just as Lewis predicted .
Even unambiguously successful cases have been subject to conflicting interpretations .
Or consider more successful countries .
But the fact that some of the world 's most successful economies prospered while doing things that are not in the rule-book is something that can not be dismissed easily .
Specificity helps explain why successful countries - China , South Korea , Taiwan , and Chile among others - usually combine unorthodox elements with orthodox policies .
All successful economies are built on thrift , hard work , and individual initiative .
He therefore blinded us to the evident reality that all successful economies are , in fact , mixed .
The supply responses that will make reform successful are likely to be forthcoming only when a policy change seems lasting .
But my loan did help , eventually Hal 's business recovered , my nephew was born and -- much later -- the apartment remodeling project came to a successful conclusion .
Unfortunately , however , Gore was not successful in carrying the torch on global warming when he was a politician .
With almost everyone else in the world successfully pursuing more flexible market-oriented economies , why is Latin America veering dangerously in another direction ?
Even if successful in the short run , the huge shift toward government spending will almost certainly lead to significantly slower growth rates a few years down the road .
In fact , in some ways , chess is as popular and successful today as at any point in the last few decades .
One successful gold investor recently explained to me that stock prices languished for a more than a decade before the Dow Jones index crossed the 1,000 mark in the early 1980 's .
European efforts to induce Teheran to renounce its nuclear designs by addressing Iran 's legitimate security concerns and offering important opportunities for economic and social betterment can not be successful without active US support .
In other words , Europe 's carrots are not enough ; a successful outcome requires American carrots , too .
Whereas Sweden adopted this approach successfully during its banking crisis in the early 1990 's , the current US and British approach may end up producing Japanese-style zombie banks -- never properly restructured and perpetuating a credit freeze .
The most successful programs undertaken in the presence of a risk of a fiscal and\/or external debt financing crisis were those -- as in Mexico , Turkey , and Brazil -- where a large amount of liquidity\/financing support by the IMF beefed up an increasingly credible commitment to adjustment and reform .
All successful rescues of countries in financial distress -- Mexico , Korea , Thailand , Brazil , Turkey -- require two conditions : the country 's credible willingness to impose the fiscal austerity and structural reforms needed to restore sustainability and growth ; and massive amounts of front-loaded official support to avoid a self-fulfilling rollover crisis of maturing public and\/or private short-term debts .
Such a policy has been successful in the Netherlands , substantially contributing to the development and power of the country 's agribusiness .
NEW YORK -- After Saddam Hussein 's fall , the United States successfully pressed creditors to write off much of Iraq 's external debt .
They successfully reconciled Islamic politics with the Turkish lifestyle and modernity in general .
The relatively successful election in Iraq is a major victory for democracy , but not necessarily for liberal reform in the Middle East .
Indeed , having attracted leading figures from both Labor and Likud , Kadima is now established as the most successful centrist party in Israel 's history .
A successful initiative will require exploratory talks and an evolving road map .
Rudi was also a spectacularly successful teacher .
Part of the problem -- at least as far as elections are concerned -- is that the hopes projected by `` liberal '' and `` progressive '' parties are far more attractive and successful than a Conservative 's natural skepticism .
The objective was to take successful pilot projects -- including a nascent national anti-retroviral therapy -LRB- ARV -RRB- program -- and expand them to cover thousands of patients .
Generating and harnessing top level political commitment to engage societies ravaged by HIV\/AIDS is critical to fighting this battle successfully .
But the debate can be moved forward by examining the successful economies of Denmark , Finland , Iceland , the Netherlands , Norway , and Sweden .
While no regional experience is directly transferable , the Nordic countries have successfully combined social welfare with high income levels , solid economic growth , and macroeconomic stability .
It is ironic that an administration fixated on the risks of Middle East oil has chosen to spend hundreds of billions -- potentially trillions -- of dollars to pursue unsuccessful military approaches to problems that can and should be solved at vastly lower cost , through R&D , regulation , and market incentives .
And we will have to engage major companies in a new way , giving them ample incentives and market rewards for success , without allowing them to hold a monopoly on successful technologies that should be widely adopted .
The program has been so successful that it is being emulated across Africa .
Two major recent success stories in aid have used this approach : the Global Alliance on Vaccines and Immunizations , which successfully gets immunizations to young children , and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , TB , and Malaria , which supports national action plans to battle these killer diseases .
The question is whether they successfully boost output and jobs in the short term , and , if so , whether they do enough to compensate for the inevitable budget problems down the road .
The third part -- the transfer to state and local governments -- almost surely has been successful in maintaining spending on schools , health , and the unemployed .
The second key to successful reconstruction is to harmonize the international response .
But , as the rich have successfully pressed for tax cuts and reductions in government spending , children from poor and working-class households are far less likely to receive a high-quality education , and the US government has failed to provide for training or adequate infrastructure .
When Ban travels to Africa 's impoverished regions , he mingles with villagers and recounts his own upbringing amid the poverty and deprivation of Korea in the 1950 's -- and how , by committing itself to hard work , education , modern science , and shared values , South Korea became one of the world 's richest and most successful countries .
The world 's most successful economies today are in Scandinavia .
But Argentina did not make a successful transformation from a resource-based to a technology-based economy .
Malaysia , a successful and stable moderate Muslim country , has put the issue just right .
The attackers have successfully stopped the flow of a large part of Iraq 's oil exports .
The UN successfully resisted the powerful pressures of the US to condone a war with Iraq despite repeated US claims , now known to be false , that Iraq was in possession of weapons of mass destruction .
Upon returning to office this spring as Prime Minister , Singh brought into government an experienced and internationally renowned team , including Finance Minister Chidambaram , who served successfully as Finance Minister in the mid-1990 's , and Dr. Montek Singh Ahluwalia , who heads the Planning Commission , the key body assessing India 's medium-term public investment strategies .
Hezbollah and its main backer , Iran , were motivated by two concerns : fear of the next Israeli attack , which Hezbollah believes is inevitable , and concern over Syrian-Israeli peace talks that , if successful , could leave Hezbollah without its main bridge to Iran . Hezbollah has been rearming and redeploying since the 2006 war ; the actions of May further consolidate its position in and around Beirut .
In Germany , the old Prussian elite successfully managed the country 's industrialization in the late nineteenth century , but was discredited by defeat in World War I. Nazism filled the ensuing vacuum , and a new equilibrium would be established only after World War II .
But even in Spain , which is famously successful at retrieving organs from the newly deceased , people die while waiting for a kidney .
While our presence in Kosovo remains unchanged , the much improved security situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina allows us to conclude our successful SFOR mission there by the end of this year .
Indeed , no state run by a Communist Party has yet managed to reform itself sufficiently to modernize and develop successfully .
This made a successful Olympic Games , when all the world would be watching , an urgent matter .
Indeed , if they are successful in bringing about some sort of rapprochement , or even if they only manage to ease the crisis somewhat , their accomplishment will be significant .
Although it is right that the Stability and Growth Pact has become more flexible in these extraordinary times , its rules did secure a successful first decade for the euro .
Yet several South Korean companies , such as Samsung and Hyundai , have become global household names competing successfully against far more established brands , such as Sony and Honda .
They successfully portrayed themselves as victims of a firestorm , rather than as accessories to arson .
Nepal 's earlier experiments with democratic governance were not very successful ; democratically elected governments -LRB- in the late 1950 's and the 1990 's -RRB- were unceremoniously replaced by prolonged autocratic rule .
Russia has never made a successful transformation of any kind in a time of peace .
The Zeguo exercise was considered hugely successful , and has been replicated elsewhere in China .
Unsuccessful firms are tossed aside to make way for new and better firms , and individuals who become economically less productive -LRB- often through no fault of their own -RRB- can also be `` discarded '' by the market , their careers interrupted and their investments cut to a fraction of their previous value .
The US had one of the world 's most successful stock markets in the twentieth century .
Countries with more successful markets are more likely to have complete data on both prices and dividends for a hundred years .
There is also the selection bias that we infer from looking at the twentieth century , the most successful in terms of economic growth in human history .
In the US , widely called `` the land of opportunity , '' the shame of being poor is unbearable , and there are no cultural resources to enable such people to maintain self-esteem , especially when the country is so successful overall .
There is no shame in being poor in China if one reflects that one 's children or grandchildren will be wealthy and successful .
This certainly seems to be the market psychology in China and India , where rapidly rising incomes and newly successful people are widely expected to put pressure on markets for land , real estate , and construction materials .
Rewarding successful ventures is the basic idea of capitalism -- a dynamic process that Joseph Schumpeter called `` creative destruction . ''
But once the idea was proven successful , it was widely imitated by other organizations , depriving the AMEX of a big share of the returns on its innovation .
A successful economy , Bush argued , requires that people learn to take responsibility for their actions , and policies aimed at boosting home ownership would inculcate this virtue on a broader scale .
There seem to be few , if any , fighters in Chechnya who recognize him as commander ; his recent attempt to send an emissary to create a fighting unit directly under his command was not successful .
Moreover , New START is a necessary stepping-stone to future negotiations with Russia about reductions in tactical nuclear arsenals , and a prerequisite for the successful revival of the Treaty on Conventional Forces in Europe -LRB- CFE -RRB- .
Our successful democratic experiment is being ignored in part because of a hoary ruling a half-century ago by the Organization of African Unity , the precursor to today 's African Union . Back then , with the recent demise of the colonial empires stoking fears of tribal rivalries and countless civil wars , the OAU ruled that the frontiers drawn up by the imperial powers should be respected in perpetuity .
Welby , who suffered from muscular dystrophy and was paralyzed , had battled unsuccessfully in the Italian courts for the right to die .
It is reasonable to suspect that gold medals now go not to those who are drug-free , but to those who most successfully refine their drug use for maximum enhancement without detection .
In recent years , Austrian animal-welfare organizations have been remarkably successful in persuading voters and legislators to support laws phasing out cages for egg-laying hens , cages for raising rabbits for meat , and raising animals for fur .
Patenting life was taken a step further in 1984 , when Harvard University successfully applied for a patent on its `` oncomouse , '' a laboratory mouse specifically designed to get cancer easily , so that it would be more useful as a research tool .
Fans do n't seem to mind if members of their own team cheat successfully ; they only object when the other side cheats .
Chua 's thesis is that , when compared to Americans , Chinese children tend to be successful because they have `` tiger mothers , '' whereas Western mothers are pussycats , or worse .
The Egyptian revolution now faces the exacting task that confronts all successful revolutions : how to define the future .
As India 's foreign minister , I engaged in successful talks with Iran frequently .
Other countries have been more successful due to fortunate circumstances .
The most successful countries in this regard have been the Anglo-Saxon countries -LRB- Canada , Ireland , Australia , the United States , and the UK , in that order -RRB- , as well as Denmark and Norway .
In the more unsuccessful countries -- Italy , Austria , Germany , France , Portugal , and the Netherlands -- the proportion of immigrants with a tertiary education is below a quarter .
The propaganda was successful .
The euro has successfully protected Europe against exchange-rate risks , and it is a useful step towards further European integration .
Some central banks , such as the Bank of England in its unsuccessful fight against George Soros in 1992 , got burned ; when it became clear how much money was required to buck the market , the policy was abandoned .
The prosperity of the first age of globalization before 1914 , for example , resulted from a successful constellation of developments : falling transport and communication costs , the technological breakthroughs of the second industrial revolution , the pacific state of international relations , and Great Britain 's successful management of the gold standard .
The record shows that the period 1950-1973 , when government intervention in market economies was at its peacetime height , was uniquely successful economically , with no global recessions and faster rates of GDP growth -- and growth of GDP per capita -- than in any comparable period before or since .
MOSCOW &#45; &#45; The greatest disappointment of the postcommunist era has been the failure of the West -- particularly Europe -- to build a successful relationship with Russia .
There have always been huge moral questions about capitalism , which could be put to one side because capitalism was so successful at generating wealth .
Voilà -- a successful `` short '' trade .
In the United States ' successful Brady Bond plan in 1989 , the debtors -- Mexico , Argentina , and Brazil -- agreed to pay what they could .
But if we look at the historical record , the liberal regime of the 1950 's and 1960 's was more successful than the conservative regime that followed .
In the overwhelming majority of cases , those resources fall far short of what is required to successfully intervene in a crisis .
A successful strategy should use civilian means -- incidentally a model advocated by the European Union .
To argue that peacemaking ca n't be successful when governments and regimes are in flux ignores the fact that it is precisely in such circumstances that outsiders can help shape the process .
When one looks closely at the careers of judges in the above-mentioned countries , the law can vary , but cooptation is the usual rule of the game : a successful judge or prosecutor , in order to climb the professional ladder , must follow the guidance of his peers and increase the influence of his corporation .
For a while , reality reinforces the misconception , but eventually the gap between reality and its false interpretation becomes unsustainable . During the self-reinforcing phase , the misconception may be tested and when a test is successful the misconception is reinforced .
If successful , the IMF guarantee would never be invoked .
Paradoxically , the most successful open society in the world , the US , does not properly understand the first principles of an open society ; indeed , its current leadership actively disavows them .
The system was so successful that people came to believe in what former president Ronald Reagan called `` the magic of the marketplace '' and I call market fundamentalism .
Globalization was successful because it forced countries to remove regulations ; but the process does not work in reverse .
Spain , which has been more successful in dealing with its Roma problem than other countries , can take the lead this month as it assumes the European Union presidency .
The key to success is the education of a new generation of Roma who do not seek toassimilate into the general population , but deliberately retain their identity as Roma.Edu cated , successful Roma will shatter the prevailing negative stereotypes by their very existence .
The change in IMF policies would have been successful in preventing a recurrence of the emerging market boom but it has already created a problem which works in the opposite direction : the high cost and unavailability of capital is itself a new form of financial contagion .
Precisely because it is less ambitious than the principle of `` just war , '' moral indifference has been tremendously successful in mitigating war 's horrors by banning some particularly inhuman types of weapons , forcing armies to protect civilians and accord humane treatment to prisoners of war , banning annexations , etc. .
For , as with everywhere else , a successful foreign policy inevitably begins at home .
Overall , emerging economies are well placed to continue to navigate successfully a world rendered unstable by crises in industrial countries .
And , if successful over time , it might have made the rest of Obama 's agenda seem less overwhelming and more affordable .
The full agenda would have been much easier to implement successfully if the assumptions about the nature of the recession and the likely path of recovery had been accurate .
Relatively few economies -LRB- five to be precise , all in Asia : Japan , South Korea , Taiwan , Hong Kong , and Singapore -RRB- successfully managed this transition while sustaining high growth rates .
After three decades of sustained growth and a remarkably successful policy response to the recent global crisis , Chinese self-confidence is soaring .
But , if the reforms in the realm of fiscal policy and coordination of economic policy are successful , such an institution would never need to act , and would thus be redundant .
This deterred not only foreign and domestic investment , but , more fundamentally , the formation of the very institutions needed for successful economic development .
Interestingly , whereas Britain , France , and the US have not altered their models , many other successful democracies have introduced major changes in order to prevent dangerous problems with how the `` pure '' variant functions in the local context .
Among the activist community in Jakarta , the most successful organizations are those that draw support from the women 's wings of Muhammadiyah and NU : Muslimat , Fatayat , and Aisyiyah .
And , thanks to a partnership between the state and Islamic scholars stretching back 40 years , Indonesia has one of the most successful family-planning programs in the developing world .
In most successful transitions , the first step toward forging the unity required to create an interim government is taken when the diverse groups begin to meet more often , develop common strategies , and issue collective statements .
Judging by the transitions that we have studied , a successful democratic outcome stands the best chance if the interim government does not succumb to the temptation to extend its mandate or write a new constitution itself .
The belief that the surge was successful is especially dangerous because the Afghanistan war is going so poorly .
In this regard , Tunisia starts on a positive note : a sense of national cohesion created by the successful overthrow of a widely hated dictator .
Nonetheless , it has spent the last decades successfully building a diverse economy , a democratic political system , and a strong social safety net .
Like many other successful emerging-market countries , Mauritius is confronting a loss of exchange-rate competitiveness .
And those in this rarefied stratum often are rewarded so richly not because they have contributed more to society -- bonuses and bailouts neatly gutted that justification for inequality -- but because they are , to put it bluntly , successful -LRB- and sometimes corrupt -RRB- rent-seekers .
I know of no country where this scenario has played out successfully , for there are two key problems with this `` theory . ''
There is also a broad consensus that while markets are at the center of a successful economy , there is an important role for government .
Brazil 's government , for instance , pushed one of the most successful telecom privatizations , but also pushed for stronger competition and regulatory policies .
By successfully charting its own course , Brazil has created a broad domestic consensus behind a balanced , democratic , market economy .
Still , it thrashed about for solutions , each little more successful than before . Sometimes the solution entailed precautionary lending , as in Brazil ; another time it was a `` bail-in '' strategy that was eventually abandoned , as in Romania .
Today , many emerging markets , from Indonesia to Mexico , are told that there is a certain code of conduct to which they must conform if they are to be successful .
There is a remarkable similarity between those policies and the activist measures pursued by the highly successful East Asian economies over the past two decades .
Yet America 's Supreme Court has set standards so high for American firms to be found guilty of predation that few cases are successfully prosecuted domestically .
Worse , special economic interests reign supreme , putting aside the careful balancing that marks economic and social policy in successful democracies .
America and its `` coalition '' of the willing went to war in Iraq without the support of the UN , and the World Trade Organization meeting at Cancun -- which was supposed to provide the impetus for a successful conclusion of the Development Round of trade negotiations -- ended in failure .
Now that rich countries no longer need to worry about losing the developing world to Communism , they have an opportunity to redefine the global economic order according to the same principles on which they built successful national economies : fair competition and social justice .
Had the Iraq venture been more successful , these worries would have been justified .
America 's Social Security program has been so successful in reducing poverty because the poor get back a little more than they contribute , and the rich get back a little less .
But these policies proved neither necessary nor sufficient for growth ; the countries of East Asia , which followed different policies , achieved faster growth and were far more successful in poverty reduction .
But they also led many to forget less successful moments .
The colonial powers ' divide-and-rule tactics enabled small populations in Europe to rule large numbers outside of Europe , pillaging natural resources while investing little in the physical , human capital , and social capital necessary for an economically successful , democratic self-governing society .
Malaysia wisely took an alternative course , looking instead to the highly successful countries of East Asia .
It is equally important to restart global trade talks and bring the Doha Round to a successful conclusion -- not least in order to protect Africa from the risk of rising protectionism .
Equally important is the realization that by working together , we can build a more successful and more stable global economy , for the benefit of all countries .
A stronger and safer financial system is the bedrock of a successful economy .
But , to be successful , a `` green new deal '' will have to address some enormous challenges in the developing world , where the impact of global warming will be felt first and hardest , and where rapid growth requires massive expansion of cheap energy .
Meanwhile , universal social programs have improved human welfare much more than targeted and conditional programs . However , conditional cash-transfer programs have been quite successful in improving various human-development indicators .
Others point out that the US Fed 's `` quantitative easing '' efforts have been modestly successful , at best .
Current EU members and successful candidate countries could make available large-scale training programs in market-relevant disciplines for the young generation in CIS countries ;
It could also be due to special historical or cultural circumstances : some societies are just more successful than others , both in terms of economic development and with regard to their ability to develop and maintain democratic political institutions .
In the post-WWII period , the more successful episodes of democratic transitions have been preceded by widespread economic reforms that extended the scope of the market and facilitated international integration .
This does not mean that democracy is unimportant . But the sequence of reforms is critical for successful economic development , with economic reforms coming first .
An important reason for this is that , in order to create a successful market system , the state must respect basic individual rights : the rule of law , private property , and the enforcement of justice .
Political reforms are more likely to be successful if they are preceded by economic reforms .
Surprisingly , Koizumi was almost successful .
And he came close to being successful , as the primary deficit of ¥ 28 trillion in 2002 was reduced to just ¥ 6 trillion in 2007 .
If Europe can successfully manage this role , US-China tensions can be overcome , offering the entire world the opportunity to harness and benefit from the strength of its two largest economies .
Investors have used ethical grounds in the past -- excluding , say , tobacco companies or corporations abetting apartheid in South Africa -- and have been successful in generating pressure on the underlying stocks .
Indeed , an independent South Sudan is expected to grant diplomatic recognition to Somaliland , the successful and stable former British protectorate that has had de facto independence from the rest of Somalia since 1991 .
In China , for example , Clinton successfully established an agenda for the two countries to work together on climate change .
In that spirit , the continent took considerable pride in the successful execution of the 2010 election and in Ivorian voters ' courageous and disciplined behavior .
If Obama can weather domestic resistance to new international trade negotiations and modify America 's current position on sectoral tariff reduction by developing countries , the US and India will have an opportunity to break the impasse that has stymied the Doha Round 's successful conclusion .
One successful UNESCO initiative is the creation of multipurpose community telecenters throughout the developing world , providing communication and information facilities -- phone , fax , Internet , computers , audio-visual equipment -- for a wide range of community uses . India 's Unique Identification Number project , under the capable stewardship of information-technology pioneer Nandan Nilekani , will enable access to government , banking , and insurance services at the grass-roots level .
Back then , the US saw Colombia as hosting two increasingly interwoven threats , which , without a successful military response , heralded the grim prospect of Colombia becoming a failed state .
To achieve this end , Vallenilla argued that , at least in the case of Venezuela , a charismatic leader , confirmed in power through regular elections , would be best placed to concentrate political power successfully and guarantee institutional order .
On the one hand , Brazil continued its successful rise as an emerging power with global aspirations .
The coup d'état that brought down President Manuel Zelaya in Honduras , for example , made that country the first case of successful neo-putschism in Central America in the twenty-first century .
This can only be produced by successful and sustained capitalist development .
Navalny 's repeated requests for the minutes of several state-owned companies ' board meetings generated huge resistance -- two companies even tried , unsuccessfully , to change the law in order to reject shareholder requests for information .
European competition policy , which successfully brought giant companies like Microsoft into line to promote competition , could help to turn Gazprom into a normal competitor , too .
Russia sees its relations with Iran as a means to leverage its influence in wider Middle East diplomacy , where the US has successfully sought to exclude the Kremlin from influence since the end of the Cold War .
To believe that such a vision can work for Russia , Ukraine , and Europe is not wishful thinking , but rests on the successful experience of France and Germany in promoting amity .
Coupled with our successful membership in the World Trade Organization , Ukraine would stand to benefit when world and European trade begins to recover .
KYIV -- From snowy Kyiv , I have watched the successful revolutions in Cairo and Tunis with joy and admiration .
So both these scenarios seem to preclude export-led growth as a successful strategy .
Although the bigger EU countries have embarked on a policy to protect their industries as long as the crisis continues , they will doubtless be unsuccessful , because no country can ultimately halt structural adjustment by offering subsidies .
Moreover , large investments in R&D may be of limited use if knowledge ca n't be transformed into successful businesses .
Lately , however , as the G-20 has tried to reconcile divergent national economic interests and recovery strategies , it has been far less successful relative to its initial meetings in Washington and London in 2009 .
The irony is that the euro has been a hugely successful project , bringing considerable stability to participating countries .
For immunization of this sort to be successful , it is important to first clarify what can turn someone into a jihadi .
Each allowed him to preen successfully as a crisis manager .
Tolbert has been especially successful in spearheading the Tribunal 's self-correction process to remedy earlier shortcomings in the efficiency , length , and cost of trials .
Indeed , creating a regulatory agency is often a crucial component of successful telecommunications reforms , which typically start by privatizing the state-owned monopoly telecom company .
That strategy has proved remarkably successful .
Traditionally , successful Chinese businessmen emphasized trust and reliability in fulfilling commitments -LRB- xinyong -RRB- , the gradual development of sentiments -LRB- ganqing -RRB- with customers and suppliers , and the ability to build on networks of relationships -LRB- guanxi -RRB- that are often based on common origin or kinship .
But this group 's members are usually not among the most successful entrepreneurs ; none , for example , has been included in the annual Forbes list of the ten richest persons in China .
The US may view its war on drugs in Mexico and Colombia as partially successful ; the danger is that Central America does not have those countries ' institutional resilience , leaving the way open for new fronts to be opened .
A cheaper and more successful approach in South Asia mobilizes communities to achieve environments that are free of open defecation by raising awareness of disease transmission , health costs , and the social benefits of sanitation .
Without India , it is hard to imagine a successful conclusion to the 2009 Copenhagen conference to draft a successor agreement to the Kyoto Protocol .
Other western states , such as Germany , have successfully relied on centralized regulation and social insurance systems ever since Bismarck reformed the German law of accidents in the 1880 's .
Indeed , only when victims have stood up and stated their names -- granted , a difficult and often painful thing to do -- have institutional change and successful prosecutions been possible .
A few recently industrialized countries have pursued successful government-driven education strategies that seem to boost economic development .
Fortunately , we can learn from other cities such as Stockholm , Singapore , and London , which have successfully implemented them .
Dogs are able to follow human pointing gestures to find hidden food , and they can indicate successfully to their owners by their own pointing actions where a hidden toy is located .
The law must contain specific provisions regarding such matters in order to ensure successful listing of restructuring firms .
The successful implementation of China 's revised Bankruptcy Law hinges on its effective enforcement and abandonment of the mindset and practices shaped under the old version , especially in the era of policy-based bankruptcy .
This has led to a schism between the hopes young Muslims have for successful lives in the West and their aspirations for their Muslim brothers and sisters , who have suffered so many terrible disappointments .
If the EU mission is to compete successfully against Lebanon 's Islamists and populists , it must start thinking seriously about a social agenda that appeals to the poor .
Russia views its relations with Iran as a means to leverage its diplomatic influence in the wider Middle East , where the US has sought -LRB- successfully -RRB- to marginalize the Kremlin since the Cold War 's end .
And if a well-placed official wanted to enter into a successful business , refusals were not accepted .
Gaidar died last year , his unheeded warnings having come true , proving once again that no man is ever a successful prophet in his own country .
In other words , a successful buyback is a preamble to default .
Given such a run of successful gambles , why be timid ?
There are signs that the Seoul meeting may be successful .
For example , the first successful step toward regional economic cooperation in East Asia was the Chiang Mai Initiative for international currency swaps , which followed the 1997-1998 crisis .
Unless the Fed successfully implements an exit strategy from monetary expansion , which is doubtful , China will not be able to recover its losses .
China 's progress over the past three decades is a successful variation on the East Asian growth model that stems from the initial conditions bequeathed by a planned socialist economy .
The choices that we as Africans make today will determine whether we remain poor , evolve into Dubai-like diversified economies , or follow the successful agriculture-led industrialization model implemented in Malaysia -LRB- despite that country 's gas discoveries -RRB- .
In an Africa bereft of successful populist politicians , Zuma 's role models may come from Latin America , where income inequality is also extreme and the trade-union movement , as in South Africa , is strong and militant .
