Abbas has succeeded in convincing Israel to grant amnesty to many Fatah fugitives in the West Bank who will join his security apparatuses .
Even leaving aside this vision , Ryanair succeeded in providing cheap fares in a European travel market that not long ago was prohibitively expensive .
Through months of bilateral contact and negotiation among ministers , we have succeeded in whittling down the outstanding issues to a point where a fair and balanced overall package is achievable .
Insofar as the goal of preventing the proliferation of nuclear weapons on the Korean peninsula is concerned , the US has thus succeeded by sustaining an ad hoc concert of powers thus far with China , Japan , Russia , and South Korea .
In 1999 , the year before Putin succeeded Boris Yeltsin as president , Russia 's GDP was a paltry $ 200 billion .
Moreover , Abbas -LRB- also known as Abu Mazen -RRB- succeeded in getting the dozen or so Palestinian security services and militias under his control .
Israel succeeded as a nation , with a vibrant and sometimes obstreperous parliamentary life , precisely because its leaders used this opportunity .
The Mufti of Jerusalem , Haj Amin al-Husseini -LRB- later an ally of Nazi Germany -RRB- , became its chairman , but it never succeeded in creating a generally accepted national leadership or in providing the Arab community the panoply of educational and welfare services offered to the Jewish community by its elected institutions .
In the last two years , former British Prime Minister Tony Blair and US General Keith Dayton have succeeded in effective institution-building in three West Bank districts -- Jenin , Bethlehem , and Hebron -- turning them into the most peaceful areas in the West Bank , with a minimal Israeli military presence .
Neither violence nor terrorism nor relying on outside powers -LRB- the UN , the Arab League , the Soviet Union , the US , the European Union -RRB- succeeded in delivering statehood , which a people can achieve only by its own agency -- what Zionist ideology calls `` auto-emancipation . ''
With his academic background and immense erudition , he succeeded in painting , on a wide canvass , the new directions of Turkey 's policies under the Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- leadership .
Even in tiny Bahrain , the Sunni minority has , for now , succeeded in maintaining its rule over the Shia majority , albeit with military help from neighboring Sunni-led countries .
Poland , Czech Republic , and Hungary , for example , succeeded in navigating a successful transition to democracy and a functioning market economy .
And powerful clans from Tobruk have succeeded in placing their members in key military positions .
Likewise , Libya 's Muammar Khaddafi may be succeeded by his son , Seif el Islam .
There are few cases where diplomacy actually succeeded in preventing war .
Some reached peace agreements with the country 's neighbors ; others came very close -- and at least succeeded in conveying to the Arab world Israel 's commitment to reaching out to the region 's peoples .
That uncertainty ended when America succeeded in limiting invitations to three chosen countries , surprising those Alliance members who supported other candidates .
With the help of powerful groups within the US Administration , the Israeli government succeeded in redefining America 's enemy in the `` war on terror '' to mean not only Osama bin Laden 's globally operating Al Qaeda network , but every militant group of Palestinians that resists Israel 's occupation .
When the euro was created , its architects were well aware that no monetary union in history had succeeded without the backing of a political union .
But , unlike Venezuela and Nicaragua , where corruption scandals are a pox on political life , Morales has tried to govern `` cleanly '' and , for the most part , has succeeded .
Having succeeded in integrating the West through prosperity and security following WWII , America must begin to craft a new global leadership structure .
Until a few weeks ago , the average Italian viewed him as a role model , someone who had succeeded in many spheres of life .
Indeed , the new Salvadoran president , Mauricio Funes , was elected on the ticket of the FMLN , the party that succeeded the old , hard-left guerrilla group of the 1980 's and 1990 's .
And there is every reason to believe that it will stay the course , even if President Sebastián Piñera , who will preside over Chile 's best economic performance in 15 years , is succeeded by former president and rival Michele Bachelet in 2014 .
Indeed , any Indian able to read this article should consider himself lucky , because India 's politicians have succeeded in keeping a majority of the country 's population thoroughly illiterate -LRB- as well as poor and unhealthy -RRB- .
Usually a prosperous caste succeeded in raising its rank in the ritual hierarchy .
But , while the overthrow of totalitarian or autocratic regimes shifted the global balance of power in favor of the forces of democracy , not all the pro-democracy movements succeeded .
Labor succeeded because Tony Blair jettisoned Labor 's entrenched left-wing dogmas .
For hundreds if not thousands of years , European countries made war repeatedly with each other . In the first half of the 20th century they succeeded in turning these conflicts into two World Wars , and Europe into a charnel house .
Yet , except for Costa Rica 's foreign investment promotion agency , CINDE , modeled after the IDA-Ireland , none of Latin America 's FDI promotion agencies have succeeded in adopting best practices .
As political parties bickered , King Gyanendra , who succeeded his murdered brother , sacked the prime minister in 2002 and ruled through an appointed cabinet .
Their statements were designed to beat Greek politicians into submission , and may have succeeded , at least for now .
Faced with high inflation , Thatcher backed a monetarist approach that supported high interest rates and succeeded in sharply reducing inflation .
It 's incomprehensible , then , why the US , having succeeded in striking a deal with Libya , vehemently rejects any initiative toward Syria .
Today it is clear that hardly any aspect of this policy has succeeded .
But , historically , Europe has succeeded when , at moments of danger , it has initiated irreversible processes that outweigh any other consideration .
But , even if this politically risky move succeeded , he would just be deepening the economic model started by Pinochet and followed by the Concertación .
Both initiatives succeeded in a short period of time and at a relatively low price .
This strategy , however , is likely to prove as ineffective now as it was for Nixon , who succeeded only in ushering in an era of stagnation .
By contrast , in the earlier Iraq war , the first President Bush , after amassing an unprecedented international coalition that succeeded in liberating Kuwait , did not press ahead to Baghdad to oust Saddam Hussein and his government , despite the urging of many that he do just that .
Both interventions sought to oust the governments in place at the time , and both succeeded in that goal .
For the most part , these measures have succeeded .
The propaganda campaign against Vlad succeeded brilliantly , satisfying the public 's appetite for sensation with graphic images of the vicious , impaling prince .
Concerning the pre-referendum phase , the National Assembly largely succeeded in this task .
Through tricks and threats Iraq 's fallen dictatorship largely succeeded in keeping this tragedy under cover .
Deepwater Horizon is still spewing oil into the Gulf of Mexico , even though BP has succeeded in inserting a smaller pipe into the main leakage to suck off part of the flow .
Hu succeeded Jiang in 2002 , almost as former Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi was coming to power in Japan , and encouraged `` New Thinking '' in China 's Japan policy , which would entail moving away from historical grievances and promoting better ties .
Had such a coup attempt taken place , much less succeeded , it also would have put an end to Turkey 's aspirations to become a full member of the European Union .
We have started to bring hope by educating young Afghans , but we have not yet succeeded in bringing them a secure life , free from the danger of bombs and aerial bombardment .
Khamenei , the supreme leader , has succeeded in politicizing the Shiite clerical establishment , primarily by controlling the financial resources of the religious authorities and Shiite institutions in Iran and the region .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Though Saudi Ambassador Adel al-Jubeir is alive and well in Washington , the plot to assassinate him may have succeeded -- if its aim was not to kill al-Jubeir , but rather Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's foreign policy .
Soviet scientists believed that the Americans would keep their plans secret until after they had succeeded in launching a satellite , so all our efforts were put into beating the Americans to the launch .
One Bush has practically succeeded another as America 's president , and the son of Singapore 's founder , Lee Kwan Hew , is to become the country 's premier .
But Yeltsin himself never succeeded in fully throwing off the intellectual shackles of the past .
So it was only appropriate that he should become deputy prime minister for social affairs in 2005 , because he had already succeeded in largely bringing these affairs to a halt .
Under tremendous strain , Tymoshenko 's government succeeded in keeping the budget deficit under control .
Despite many ups and downs -- and fierce competition from other major automobile manufacturers , including the Indian giant Tata Motors -- Suzuki succeeded in establishing its brand as India 's `` people 's car . ''
In September , Catherine Ashton , the EU 's High Representative for Foreign Affairs , succeeded in breaking the deadlock in Serbia-Kosovo relations by bringing both sides back to the negotiating table .
They were succeeded by leaders such as Bill Clinton , Gerhard Schroeder , and Tony Blair . Suddenly `` weak '' government became fashionable -- up to a point .
The so-called `` postcommunists '' who succeeded them , looking West , adopted the weak government model .
Despite the Iranian opposition 's continuing efforts to contest the outcome and advance political liberalization , Ahmadinejad and his allies have largely succeeded in consolidating their hold on power by using brute force to repress the reform movement .
Instead , they press for the impossible request that the Palestinian Authority dismantle the militant groups , an act that Israel , with all its powers , has not succeeded in accomplishing .
Cross-border attacks , hijackings , Arab and international diplomacy , secret talks , non-violent resistance , suicide bombings , rockets , regional Arab initiatives , international peace envoys : nothing has succeeded in ending the occupation .
The conference , it appears , succeeded in reuniting and reinvigorating the movement , which has suffered since the death of its founder and long-time leader , Yasser Arafat .
The PLO has succeeded in obtaining European support for a unilateral Palestinian declaration of statehood . The only obstacle remaining to Palestinian leaders are the Americans .
Despite its popularity , however , Al Jazeera has not succeeded financially .
Of course , several recent Latin American presidents succeeded in changing their countries ' constitutions to lengthen their terms in office .
Evo Morales and the Populist Paradox LA PAZ -- Evo Morales succeeded in amending the Bolivia 's constitution and being re-elected President .
Today , those in France who opposed the EU constitution succeeded in stigmatizing `` Europe '' as the threat .
He had sought to take advantage of the Beijing Olympics to give the foreign media unprecedented freedom , but the bureaucrats succeeded in reversing his decision .
When the Kyoto treaty enters into force on February 16 , the global warming community will undoubtedly congratulate itself : to do good they have secured the most expensive worldwide treaty ever . They have succeeded in making global warming a central moral test of our time .
We have succeeded in placing the issue of the presidency at center stage in Lebanese politics .
Senegal under Wade has succeeded in irrigating only 15 % of a planned 250,000 hectares , and now imports some 80 % of the rice that it consumes .
President Bush mostly succeeded in his crusade ; Jubilee 2000 succeeded mostly in getting empty promises .
However , the legendary tandems of the past-de Gaulle and Adenauer , Valéry Giscard d'Estaing and Helmut Schmidt , François Mitterrand and Helmut Kohl-have not been succeeded by a comparable duo .
It has succeeded so well that it has taken on new members and new responsibilities , but has lost focus and clarity of purpose .
Preventing Qaddafi from rebuilding the wall of fear that fell in Tunisia and Egypt is essential if the `` Arab spring '' is not to be succeeded by a new winter of discontent .
Europe 's citizens are tired of these recurrent discussions -- since 1995 , there have been treaties of Amsterdam , Nice , Rome , and Lisbon , none of which has entirely succeeded .
In this respect , Vilks ' work must be regarded as having succeeded in exposing moral double standards -- no matter what one thinks of the drawing itself .
They have succeeded in setting up a largely informal learning environment , focusing mainly on truly interactive learning .
According to the official results , Goodluck Jonathan , who succeeded Yar ` Adua upon his death and became the ruling People 's Democratic Party -LRB- PDP -RRB- candidate , was sworn in as President on May 29 .
An acceptable blueprint might emerge from high-level negotiations in Astana if it were to build on what succeeded in breaking previous negotiating deadlocks : the idea of a referendum in which the war-weary Karabakhis can determine their final status .
The summit will have succeeded , the OSCE will have succeeded , and Karabakh will cease to be a synonym for conflict , but a laboratory for peace .
But , given his unwillingness to seek support for his regime and his policies from the ballot box , Musharraf succeeded in undermining both .
Spain has succeeded in reducing its own spread vis-à-vis Germany but only after a policy U-turn .
First , there is ad hoc diplomacy , which succeeded in eliminating Libya 's nuclear program and closing North Korea 's nuclear weapons production reactor .
Had the Axis 's negative watershed succeeded , the US would have become a far different country .
The Six-Party Talks have , at long last , succeeded -- thanks , apparently , to China 's solid opposition to the nuclearization of northeast Asia .
Yet , whether through the force of his intellect and talent , as he and his supporters say , or his genius at self-promotion , as many of his detractors contend , Kouchner succeeded in remaining at center stage no matter who was France 's president or prime minister .
And he succeeded in convincing other European leaders to embrace the `` simplified treaty '' that he called for .
But thinkers like Friedman leave an ambiguous and puzzling legacy , because it is the interventionists who have succeeded in economic history , where it really matters .
Even if Asia has succeeded by relentlessly exporting manufactures , today 's poorest countries , especially in Africa , can realistically export only agriculture and textiles .
Modern finance has succeeded in creating a default dynamic of such stupefying complexity that it defies standard approaches to debt workouts .
It is true that Latin American governments , particularly the Brazilian authorities , succeeded in raising more revenue from taxes on bank withdrawals -LRB- a crude version of an FTT -RRB- than most policy analysts thought possible .
Violent extremists on both sides have ratcheted up their actions whenever the majority succeeded in getting closer to peace .
The Gates Foundation , UNICEF , Rotary International , and many governments have succeeded in bringing down polio deaths to one-thousandth of the rate a generation ago , bringing the disease to the verge of eradication .
This month , they succeeded , at least for now .
While the regime gradually succeeded in violently quelling the momentum of the opposition Green Movement , the country 's deep internal rifts -- both among political elites as well as between government and society -- are far from being reconciled .
In fact , Taiwan 's moral superiority over mainland China lies not only in its democratic institutions , but also in its unbroken adherence to the ancient culture that the Chinese communists nearly succeeded in annihilating after coming to power in 1949 .
While a relatively small business , military , and political elite misgoverned Thailand -- often cynically , and sometimes incompetently -- others in Asia , with more selfless and competent public servants , succeeded in finding their competitive niche in the modern world .
So far , Geithner seems to have succeeded in his `` tests , '' as the stock market has indeed more than stabilized , with prices of bank shares such as Citigroup and Bank of America quadrupling from their lows .
But , while such bonds have succeeded in raising savings rates in the countries that have created them , they have not had advocates in the United States .
The mortgage-backed securities that US banks succeeded in selling to the world are not comparable to European assets with similar names .
However , the holder of a CDO or MBS would be unable to take these homeowners to court . And even if he succeeded , homeowners could simply return their house keys , as they , too , enjoy the protection of non-recourse .
If they succeeded at all , high interest rates would have induced them to tighten their belts , and their current-account deficits , which in the case of Greece and Portugal exceeded 10 % of GDP , would have diminished .
Starting with extremely low wages and an underdeveloped currency , German workers succeeded in competing against the world .
The signs of the fading miracle became visible when Japanese competitors and other Asian Tigers succeeded in wiping out substantial parts of Germany 's labor-intensive textile , optical products , and precision engineering industries .
Nor has Thatcherite policy succeeded in one of its chief aims -- to reduce the share of government spending in national income .
The Gaullist dream of creating an independent power center never succeeded , but the role of `` awkward partner '' has given a distinctive flavor to French diplomacy , and it may be equally viable for a shrunken , proud , but no longer hegemonic Russia .
If inflation has succeeded recession as today 's main problem , governments should withdraw their stimulus policies -LRB- money out of the economy -RRB- as soon as possible .
Moreover , the IMF has not succeeded in convincing countries to pursue macroeconomic policies consistent with sustainable current-account positions .
This European model succeeded beyond anyone 's wildest dreams , and for decades was the envy of the world in a way that neither `` Wild West '' American capitalism , nor Soviet and Maoist state socialism , ever could be .
So far , this `` Republican Front '' strategy of exclusion has succeeded in keeping the far right out of any significant political office for four decades , but it has never reduced the size of its electoral base .
Where Europe has adopted a common policy -- such as on Iran -- it has succeeded in persuading others , including the US , to change long-held positions .
The Bush administration 's response to the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 -- declaring a War on Terror and treating criticism as unpatriotic -- succeeded in gathering public support , yet the results were the exact opposite to what the Bush administration intended , both for itself and the United States .
Mbeki 's `` quiet diplomacy '' has not succeeded .
But , as always , the devil is in the details , and United States Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson may have succeeded in subverting even this good idea ; he seems to have figured out how to recapitalize the banks in such a way that it may not result in resumption of lending , which would bode poorly for the economy .
In this case , too-big-to-fail financial institutions had perverse incentives : if they gambled and succeeded , they walked off with the profits ; if they lost , the taxpayer would pay .
It is no surprise that the big banks succeeded in stopping some essential reforms ; what was a surprise was a provision in the US Senate 's bill that banned government-insured entities from underwriting risky derivatives .
Europe pushed to restructure its steel industry in the 1980s and early 1990s , and succeeded mostly .
Written under the leadership of Sir Nicholas Stern of the London School of Economics , who succeeded me as Chief Economist of the World Bank , the report makes clear that the question is no longer whether we can afford to do anything about global warming , but whether we can afford not to .
Europe has succeeded in part because it recognizes that the rights of individuals are inalienable and universal , and because it created institutions to protect those rights .
China recognized that it could not simply transfer economic institutions that had worked in other countries ; at the least , what succeeded elsewhere had to be adapted to the unique problems confronting China .
TRIPs , the intellectual property provisions of the Uruguay round , were designed to reduce access to generic medicines -- and they succeeded .
Malaysia has succeeded in markedly reducing the income divides that separated various ethnic groups , not by bringing the top down , but by bringing the bottom up .
Such fads have not succeeded in significantly reducing poverty . This is not to deny some positive consequences .
Indeed , India has mostly succeeded in ending the chill that set in after 1998 , when it declared China to be the main target of its nuclear weapons .
The current Congress Party-led government of Manmohan Singh comprises 20 parties ; it succeeded a 23-party coalition headed by the Bharatiya Janata Party 's Atal Bihari Vajpayee .
International cooperation has succeeded in preventing banks headquartered in Western Europe , with extensive branch networks in the Eastern Europe , from pulling out .
He quickly took up a divisive constitutional battle against the hereditary Malay rulers , the nine sultans , and succeeded in curtailing their privileges and powers .
But he was determined to break the traditional Malay mold and succeeded in building a new -- albeit still small -- urban middle class .
This ongoing disunity among the Sinhalese contributed to making Sri Lanka 's governments much more fragile than those that succeeded the British in Kuala Lumpur and Singapore .
The Middle Kingdom 's Middle Class HONG KONG -- Why has China succeeded so spectacularly in the span of just three decades since the launch of Deng Xiaoping 's economic reforms ?
Despite continuing political restrictions imposed by an authoritarian regime , Deng Xiaoping succeeded beyond his wildest imagination .
Shi'a nationalism has followed Persian chauvinism as a rallying point , but neither has succeeded fully in bolstering Iran 's political institutions and securing the allegiance of its young population , nearly two-thirds of which is under the age of 30 .
Those who understand Americans ' deep-rooted passion for `` making it '' know why class or any other civil warfare has not succeeded in destroying America from within .
No matter who wins , this election has succeeded in revitalizing a moribund opposition to President Lukashenko .
Each had also succeeded in getting government to insulate it against any need to make fundamental changes .
Having promptly achieved depreciation , it may have succeeded .
Firstly , China succeeded in lowering its energy consumption per unit of GDP by 1.79 % , 4.04 % and 4.59 % respectively for 2006 , 2007 , and 2008 , which strongly suggests the prospect of meeting the 20 % objective by 2010 .
Abdullah 's octogenarian line of successors recalls the final years of the Soviet Union , when one infirm leader after another succeeded to power for a brief period of inert rule .
After Abdullah succeeded his brother Fahd , who ruled for 23 years until his death in 2005 , he created an Allegiance Council , an ambiguous and mysterious family body that resembled the Vatican 's College of Cardinals .
After all , they achieved what they wanted in defiance of enormous international pressure , and even succeeded in transferring nuclear technology to Syria several years ago without being punished .
While expansionary policies have succeeded in ensuring a V-shape recession , their medium and long-term effects are worrisome .
Had Franklin Roosevelt succeeded in preventing the Pearl Harbor attack with a preemptive strike against Japan , we would still be discussing whether war with Japan was inevitable .
