And , even if the state succeeds , re-asserting control over Swat will only be the first step .
If the Euro succeeds as a global currency , which I believe it will , and if Europe 's rapid reaction force becomes a reality soon , as I also think it will , the EU will have secured the preconditions for a more equal partnership -- literally by putting its money -LRB- and soldiers -RRB- where its mouth is .
If it succeeds , the impact will be dramatic -- and not just in Nigeria .
We are all aware that even if the vote succeeds , the UN resolution will not be binding , and that establishing and enforcing a moratorium is only a necessary mid-way step toward full abolition .
With bin Laden dead , the only way that Al Qaeda can reconstitute itself is if the Pakistani military succeeds in reinstalling a proxy regime in Afghanistan .
If Turkey succeeds , it will show that there is nothing inevitable about the 21
Moreover , if the stimulus succeeds and leads to an early recovery , the additional income gained may more than offset the increase in debt .
In Argentina one bumbling president succeeds the next .
But if the IMF is to have a future , its management will have to issue stronger warnings about the next dangerously large US current-account deficit , the next unsustainable housing boom , or whatever large-country problem succeeds them .
Only if Russia succeeds in productively reinvesting the gains from its petro-economy will it achieve sustainable modernization .
But if he succeeds in defusing the situation there , he would more than deserve his Nobel Peace Prize .
BERLIN -- Regardless of whether democratization in the `` new Middle East '' succeeds or authoritarian forms of government prevail once again , one fundamental change has already become clear : no one will be able to govern without taking into account domestic public opinion .
This era 's major states , developed and emerging alike , have the ability to reach accord on today 's defining issues . Their willingness to do so will determine when and how this period of global transition ends and what succeeds it .
Obama 's praise of Egypt 's Hosni Mubarak as a man with whom one could do business demoralized Egyptian opposition groups , which have been struggling against the long-serving autocrat and his efforts to ensure that his son , Gamal Mubarak , succeeds him .
Regardless of whether the referendum succeeds or fails , and regardless of the details of the constitutional text , what is most important is the establishment of constitutional processes and institutions in Iraq , before and after the referendum .
Ahmadinejad is well aware that if he succeeds in portraying himself as someone who -- in opposition to the Supreme Leader 's will -- wants to solve major issues between Iran and the US , that could partly compensate for his economic failures and gain him some new supporters .
Palestinian spokesmen , including Abbas , have said that they see no reason why representatives of the newly recognized state can not negotiate with representatives of Israel . If the UN vote succeeds , however , it will not be a people talking with their occupiers , but two states negotiating about how to manage their relations in peace and harmony .
At the same time , a moral politician never succeeds single-handedly in ensuring the common good .
If it succeeds , Nehru 's pledge , on the eve of Indian independence , `` to wipe every tear from every eye , '' will finally be redeemed . India 's Economic Performance : 1868-2000
If Uribe stands down , whoever succeeds him will probably maintain most of his policies and continue to work toward improving security in the country .
If he succeeds , something like a six-nation `` contact group '' -LRB- France , the UK , Germany , Spain , Poland , and Italy -RRB- will have formed to determine EU relations with the US .
The United States and its allies can not succeed in Afghanistan unless the Afghan government itself succeeds .
But even if his program succeeds , it will not do much to increase America 's energy security .
Turkish diplomacy has thus become a well-calibrated balancing act , moving closer to European positions in the Middle East , but eager to maintain close relations with the US . If this approach succeeds , Europe 's bridge to Asia may also become its bridge to America .
Yet `` assimilation '' is not what succeeds .
The outcome will have a major impact on whether China succeeds in becoming a nation capable of having truly constructive and durable relations with the outside world .
The Lisbon Treaty also succeeds in tackling another major weakness of the EU - -- its ineffectiveness .
Perhaps if Soderbergh 's two-part Che epic succeeds at the box office , his financial backers will want to film a more truthful sequel .
It is civil society that has moved the process this far , and it must become even more deeply engaged , particularly in the producing countries , to maintain the forward momentum and ensure that the movement succeeds in lifting the resource curse once and for all .
We should all hope that China 's new economic model succeeds .
Whether Premier Berlusconi 's government succeeds or not - and why - will be instructive for all of Europe , in particular for European conservatives who now often seem adrift .
And , if Iran succeeds in acquiring long-range ballistic missiles , the security threat will become global .
But if she succeeds , she will have overcome a far longer legacy of discrimination .
After decades of using concern for the Palestinian cause to shore up popular support for their own ineffective and undemocratic regimes , these moderate Arab leaders have now been put on the defensive by Iran 's quest for hegemony . If Iran succeeds in being seen as the genuine patron of Palestinian national aspirations , it will also succeed in legitimizing its claim for dominance in the Middle East .
