It is unlikely that Musharraf 's latest gambit will succeed , as his popular support is at its lowest ebb .
And , even if the state succeeds , re-asserting control over Swat will only be the first step .
Only a concerted law-enforcement effort , with the full support of the intelligence services , can succeed in the Pakistani heartland .
The delusion is based on two false assumptions : that the Iranians and the Syrians can succeed in Iraq where the US has failed , and that the international community can afford to pay the price of ensuring their cooperation .
Abbas will thus need to find support within this rising generation of nationalist leaders if he is to succeed .
Abbas has succeeded in convincing Israel to grant amnesty to many Fatah fugitives in the West Bank who will join his security apparatuses .
Even leaving aside this vision , Ryanair succeeded in providing cheap fares in a European travel market that not long ago was prohibitively expensive .
Through months of bilateral contact and negotiation among ministers , we have succeeded in whittling down the outstanding issues to a point where a fair and balanced overall package is achievable .
If we succeed this week , it will be a triumph for the EU .
Insofar as the goal of preventing the proliferation of nuclear weapons on the Korean peninsula is concerned , the US has thus succeeded by sustaining an ad hoc concert of powers thus far with China , Japan , Russia , and South Korea .
South Korea and Japan need to have their views taken into serious account if this now inevitable withdrawal is to succeed .
But they can succeed by displaying comparable wisdom and foresight .
In spite of these possibilities , let 's assume that plans for energy independence succeed , and that several European countries , the United States , Japan , China , and India become self-sufficient .
As for the structural reforms now underway or in the planning stage , the most important question is not whether the euro , the crisis , or a combination of the two brought them about , but whether they will succeed .
If the Euro succeeds as a global currency , which I believe it will , and if Europe 's rapid reaction force becomes a reality soon , as I also think it will , the EU will have secured the preconditions for a more equal partnership -- literally by putting its money -LRB- and soldiers -RRB- where its mouth is .
Turkey 's constructive engagement with the EU creates a sense of trust in the West -- among Western leaders at least , if not yet the general population -- for its regional initiatives . Yet Turkey is also succeeding in keeping an equal distance between both the EU and the US .
To succeed , support for tax , labor , and political reforms -- once a part of Lula 's agenda -- needs to be revived .
Of course , there is no assurance that today 's expanded commerce will preclude eventual strategic rivalry , or succeed in erasing lingering wartime animosity .
In 1999 , the year before Putin succeeded Boris Yeltsin as president , Russia 's GDP was a paltry $ 200 billion .
This mismanagement should disqualify any eurozone policymaker from the IMF 's managing directorship , and yet Christine Lagarde , French finance minister , was named to succeed her compatriot Dominique Strauss-Kahn after his resignation .
Where fisheries agreements are not succeeding , conservation agreements must be tried and applied .
The point is simply that there are moments in history when democratization and nation building coincide , and that in deeply divided societies the minimum consensus needed for both to succeed simultaneously is difficult to achieve .
Moreover , Abbas -LRB- also known as Abu Mazen -RRB- succeeded in getting the dozen or so Palestinian security services and militias under his control .
Only a strong Israeli government can make the painful decisions necessary for negotiations with the Palestinians to succeed .
Israel succeeded as a nation , with a vibrant and sometimes obstreperous parliamentary life , precisely because its leaders used this opportunity .
The Mufti of Jerusalem , Haj Amin al-Husseini -LRB- later an ally of Nazi Germany -RRB- , became its chairman , but it never succeeded in creating a generally accepted national leadership or in providing the Arab community the panoply of educational and welfare services offered to the Jewish community by its elected institutions .
There is no precedent anywhere in the world that suggests that such a two-tier process can succeed .
In the last two years , former British Prime Minister Tony Blair and US General Keith Dayton have succeeded in effective institution-building in three West Bank districts -- Jenin , Bethlehem , and Hebron -- turning them into the most peaceful areas in the West Bank , with a minimal Israeli military presence .
Neither violence nor terrorism nor relying on outside powers -LRB- the UN , the Arab League , the Soviet Union , the US , the European Union -RRB- succeeded in delivering statehood , which a people can achieve only by its own agency -- what Zionist ideology calls `` auto-emancipation . ''
With his academic background and immense erudition , he succeeded in painting , on a wide canvass , the new directions of Turkey 's policies under the Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- leadership .
Only an unreconstructed optimist would give the talks more than a 50 % chance of succeeding .
Even in tiny Bahrain , the Sunni minority has , for now , succeeded in maintaining its rule over the Shia majority , albeit with military help from neighboring Sunni-led countries .
Poland , Czech Republic , and Hungary , for example , succeeded in navigating a successful transition to democracy and a functioning market economy .
Where these conditions exist , a transition to democracy can succeed ; where they are missing , the chances -- as in Russia -- for a successful transition to a consolidated democracy are slim .
But , as Saleh prepared the way for his son Ahmad -- the head of the Presidential Guard -- to succeed him , he began to marginalize al-Ahmar .
And powerful clans from Tobruk have succeeded in placing their members in key military positions .
But a Syrian-Israeli peace would drive a wedge between Syria and Iran , thereby cutting off Hezbollah 's lines of arms supply while allowing the vital task of stabilizing Lebanon to succeed .
He was defeated militarily , but his decision to go to Jerusalem meant that he would succeed politically .
But , for Brown 's policy to succeed , it must promote social change and political reform in the Arab world .
Likewise , Libya 's Muammar Khaddafi may be succeeded by his son , Seif el Islam .
There are few cases where diplomacy actually succeeded in preventing war .
Some reached peace agreements with the country 's neighbors ; others came very close -- and at least succeeded in conveying to the Arab world Israel 's commitment to reaching out to the region 's peoples .
That uncertainty ended when America succeeded in limiting invitations to three chosen countries , surprising those Alliance members who supported other candidates .
With the help of powerful groups within the US Administration , the Israeli government succeeded in redefining America 's enemy in the `` war on terror '' to mean not only Osama bin Laden 's globally operating Al Qaeda network , but every militant group of Palestinians that resists Israel 's occupation .
What used to succeed as a win-win arrangement for big and small alike , now appears as a zero-sum game to many of them .
True , such talks will be difficult , and they may not succeed .
But the only real test of UN credibility in this conflict is whether it can succeed in restricting Iran as much as possible to a purely civilian nuclear program .
The more CSR a company can point to , the less such efforts will succeed -- or even be mounted .
If it succeeds , the impact will be dramatic -- and not just in Nigeria .
Across the region , countless exchange-rate regimes have been tried -- some succeeding , others failing abysmally .
France 's Royal Visage Ségolenè Royal has surged to the front of the pack of Socialists who aim to succeed Jacques Chirac as President of France .
We are all aware that even if the vote succeeds , the UN resolution will not be binding , and that establishing and enforcing a moratorium is only a necessary mid-way step toward full abolition .
When the euro was created , its architects were well aware that no monetary union in history had succeeded without the backing of a political union .
But , unlike Venezuela and Nicaragua , where corruption scandals are a pox on political life , Morales has tried to govern `` cleanly '' and , for the most part , has succeeded .
The continent 's third pillar , South Africa , will spend 2008 mired in an escalating political feud between Thabo Mbeki , the lame-duck president , and Jacob Zuma , a former deputy who is the newly elected leader of the ruling African National Congress and the leading candidate to succeed Mbeki , his bitter rival , next year .
There is some reason for optimism that efforts to stem the tide of violence can succeed .
But undermining his domestic standing by limiting Iran 's revenues stands a better chance of succeeding than diplomatic efforts to persuade the regime to suspend uranium enrichment voluntarily , or coercive sanctions .
Having succeeded in integrating the West through prosperity and security following WWII , America must begin to craft a new global leadership structure .
Obama is unlikely to repeat the mistakes of the neo-cons . But , in order to succeed , he will have to save some of their ideals from the ruins of their disastrous policies .
Let Polonia semper fidelis keep faith with its Catholic identity and tradition while succeeding in its integration within Europe , becoming in the process a `` normal '' European country .
Until a few weeks ago , the average Italian viewed him as a role model , someone who had succeeded in many spheres of life .
Moving quickly is probably the only way the next president can succeed on this front as well .
Indeed , the new Salvadoran president , Mauricio Funes , was elected on the ticket of the FMLN , the party that succeeded the old , hard-left guerrilla group of the 1980 's and 1990 's .
Powell enumerated four conditions that must be satisfied in order to succeed in a military operation .
And there is every reason to believe that it will stay the course , even if President Sebastián Piñera , who will preside over Chile 's best economic performance in 15 years , is succeeded by former president and rival Michele Bachelet in 2014 .
But Mexicans have been duly warned about how López Obrador will run the country should he be elected to succeed Vicente Fox as president : the same way he ran their capital city .
But , if we are to succeed , we must make the most of our new Lisbon institutions , maintain our commitment to an open Europe , accelerate reform of our economies , and take the lead in forging a new framework for global governance that supports a truly sustainable process of continued globalization .
Indeed , any Indian able to read this article should consider himself lucky , because India 's politicians have succeeded in keeping a majority of the country 's population thoroughly illiterate -LRB- as well as poor and unhealthy -RRB- .
Unless India 's highly educated stand up for better schools for all , protests against caste preferences will only succeed in heightening tensions and selling newspapers , rather than improving the lives of India 's destitute .
Usually a prosperous caste succeeded in raising its rank in the ritual hierarchy .
With bin Laden dead , the only way that Al Qaeda can reconstitute itself is if the Pakistani military succeeds in reinstalling a proxy regime in Afghanistan .
But , while the overthrow of totalitarian or autocratic regimes shifted the global balance of power in favor of the forces of democracy , not all the pro-democracy movements succeeded .
If we succeed , we can create a sense that we belong together , even though our reasons for believing so may be different .
This can succeed only if we engage in vigorous exchange with each other in order to create a kind of mutual respect for these different views .
It may in fact be a particularly cruel form of inequality , as those who do not succeed can not argue that they were unlucky or kept down by those in power .
To succeed requires programmatic clarity , organizational honesty , and an understanding of the concerns of societies that have lost their traditional structures .
Those structures are gone forever , but a liberal-democratic order can not succeed through situational politics built on popular resentments .
Labor succeeded because Tony Blair jettisoned Labor 's entrenched left-wing dogmas .
For hundreds if not thousands of years , European countries made war repeatedly with each other . In the first half of the 20th century they succeeded in turning these conflicts into two World Wars , and Europe into a charnel house .
But the Swiss reported losses of 14 billion francs in the first half of 2010 , without succeeding in stemming exchange-rate appreciation .
To succeed , the transition to peace requires demobilization , disarmament and reintegration of former combatants , as well as reconstruction and rehabilitation of services and infrastructure .
Yet , except for Costa Rica 's foreign investment promotion agency , CINDE , modeled after the IDA-Ireland , none of Latin America 's FDI promotion agencies have succeeded in adopting best practices .
The international community should recognize that military , security , and peacekeeping operations are costly and will not succeed in the absence of new , innovative , and integrated strategies for economic reconstruction .
Japanese were told to socialize the losses their banking system incurred when Japan 's bubble burst , then re-privatize those parts of it that could still succeed as going concerns and liquidate the rest .
Clearly , economics -- if it is to succeed and progress -- must be very different in a generation from what it is today .
They doubt that an alternative development strategy based on boosting domestic demand would succeed .
High tolerance for failure keeps everybody striving to succeed .
If Turkey succeeds , it will show that there is nothing inevitable about the 21
Moreover , if the stimulus succeeds and leads to an early recovery , the additional income gained may more than offset the increase in debt .
One can not succeed without the other .
Because private companies reap the benefits of the trials that do succeed , they should also shoulder the risks .
As political parties bickered , King Gyanendra , who succeeded his murdered brother , sacked the prime minister in 2002 and ruled through an appointed cabinet .
But if Milosevic and his followers are finished for good , he may yet succeed in completely compromising the tribunal .
What Milosevic 's trial is succeeding in doing is turning many Serbs against Djindjic 's 18-party coalition government .
In Argentina one bumbling president succeeds the next .
To some extent , it 's already working -- by spreading . Local efforts may succeed or fail based on the talents of local implementers .
If Latin America is to succeed and move towards prosperity , it needs to reform its educational system .
But it will also heighten the will to succeed .
Their statements were designed to beat Greek politicians into submission , and may have succeeded , at least for now .
But if the IMF is to have a future , its management will have to issue stronger warnings about the next dangerously large US current-account deficit , the next unsustainable housing boom , or whatever large-country problem succeeds them .
A Communist Party without Communism PRINCETON -- Russian President Vladimir Putin 's anointment of Alexander Medvedev to succeed him in what is supposed to be a democratic presidential election next March shows that Russia 's leaders have not changed a whit .
To succeed , we must solve the mystery of how to induce the human body to produce a protective immune response .
Faced with high inflation , Thatcher backed a monetarist approach that supported high interest rates and succeeded in sharply reducing inflation .
The Bush administration must lead the Western initiative in harmonized , direct negotiations with Iran , and , if these negotiations succeed , the US must also be willing to agree to appropriate guarantees .
But such an initiative can succeed only if the American administration assumes leadership among the Western nations and sits down at the negotiating table with Iran .
Only if Russia succeeds in productively reinvesting the gains from its petro-economy will it achieve sustainable modernization .
It 's incomprehensible , then , why the US , having succeeded in striking a deal with Libya , vehemently rejects any initiative toward Syria .
Without the support of China and India , America 's Middle East policy can no longer succeed , but this support is only granted half-heartedly -- if at all .
If the Obama administration does not succeed in stopping Iran by peaceful means from crossing the threshold to becoming a nuclear power , a hot confrontation is lurking .
But if he succeeds in defusing the situation there , he would more than deserve his Nobel Peace Prize .
Otherwise , they would recognize that the financial crisis has long become a political crisis threatening the EU 's very existence , and thus that a permanent crisis-resolution mechanism for debt-distressed members , while clearly needed , requires a permanent political crisis-resolution mechanism in order to succeed .
Whether they succeed is anything but certain , given the current state of European public opinion .
BERLIN -- Regardless of whether democratization in the `` new Middle East '' succeeds or authoritarian forms of government prevail once again , one fundamental change has already become clear : no one will be able to govern without taking into account domestic public opinion .
In any case , Hamas faces some risky and consequential decisions of its own -- all the more so should its main rival , Abbas 's Palestinian Authority , succeed in its current diplomatic campaign at the United Nations .
Today it is clear that hardly any aspect of this policy has succeeded .
Were the US to succeed in using its military strength , it would create a new , democratic Middle East . But were it , despite its military might , to fail , it would create a power vacuum and destabilize the region .
In light of the failure of all previous `` new strategies '' for stabilizing Iraq , there is little to suggest that the newest `` new strategy '' will succeed any better , despite the additional 21,000 US soldiers .
Unless we begin to do so , succeeding generations will fail to realize an environmentally sustainable world where people live in dignity .
After all , export-led growth policies can succeed only if other countries are willing to run deficits .
But , historically , Europe has succeeded when , at moments of danger , it has initiated irreversible processes that outweigh any other consideration .
With unlimited support , by contrast , every single speculator could be quashed , and no loss would be borne -LRB- since intervention to support a weak currency would succeed -RRB- .
Only by explicitly acknowledging the limits to economists ' and policymakers ' knowledge would such policies have a chance of succeeding .
As long as this is true , integration can not succeed .
But , even if this politically risky move succeeded , he would just be deepening the economic model started by Pinochet and followed by the Concertación .
Reform can not succeed in the midst of a conflict that bolsters extremists and hatred .
If Bachelet , who has already served as Minister of Health and Minister of Defense , is to succeed as president , she must transform this other Chile , where 18 % of the population is poor , and 5 % indigent .
Both initiatives succeeded in a short period of time and at a relatively low price .
This strategy , however , is likely to prove as ineffective now as it was for Nixon , who succeeded only in ushering in an era of stagnation .
Hence the official -- let 's say `` Southern '' -- refrain : `` The IMF\/EU plan will succeed .
It is an ambitious program , and France will need Germany 's support if it is to succeed .
Nor will any posture succeed that seeks to put Russia forward as a geopolitical counterweight to the United States .
Improved and better coordinated intelligence , law enforcement , and homeland security efforts at both the national and international levels have made it more difficult for terrorists to succeed .
It may be too late for the US to succeed in Iraq , but it is not too late for others to increase the odds that the US does not fail .
But no one should walk away doubting the determination of the US and other members of the Quartet to see this process succeed as quickly as possible .
To succeed , though , it must be recast to include entities other than the great powers .
But integration will succeed only if China and its leaders are open to it .
There is also the chance that other countries such as Egypt or Saudi Arabia would develop or acquire nuclear weapons of their own . The United States could take steps to reduce these risks , including providing missile defense and security guarantees to selective countries , but it is far from clear that such efforts would succeed .
By contrast , in the earlier Iraq war , the first President Bush , after amassing an unprecedented international coalition that succeeded in liberating Kuwait , did not press ahead to Baghdad to oust Saddam Hussein and his government , despite the urging of many that he do just that .
This era 's major states , developed and emerging alike , have the ability to reach accord on today 's defining issues . Their willingness to do so will determine when and how this period of global transition ends and what succeeds it .
Both interventions sought to oust the governments in place at the time , and both succeeded in that goal .
No country can succeed if it denies itself the talents of half of its people .
For the most part , these measures have succeeded .
The propaganda campaign against Vlad succeeded brilliantly , satisfying the public 's appetite for sensation with graphic images of the vicious , impaling prince .
But in principle , Ukraine can succeed as well .
Obama 's praise of Egypt 's Hosni Mubarak as a man with whom one could do business demoralized Egyptian opposition groups , which have been struggling against the long-serving autocrat and his efforts to ensure that his son , Gamal Mubarak , succeeds him .
Nevertheless , NATO would succeed if outside civilian efforts , resources , organization , and leadership in Afghanistan were equal to its own .
Regardless of whether the referendum succeeds or fails , and regardless of the details of the constitutional text , what is most important is the establishment of constitutional processes and institutions in Iraq , before and after the referendum .
Concerning the pre-referendum phase , the National Assembly largely succeeded in this task .
But if you succeed , this will change not only your life but also the lives of many of your people . ''
Initially , the campaign seemed to succeed .
History suggests that collective negotiation about currencies and a new approach to the issue of reserves are unlikely to succeed .
Calling for a European Brady plan today does not guarantee the necessary conditions for such a plan to succeed .
Until the eruption of the current scandal , the youngest of Murdoch 's three children from his second marriage , James , was generally believed to stand the greatest chance of succeeding his father .
Through tricks and threats Iraq 's fallen dictatorship largely succeeded in keeping this tragedy under cover .
Deepwater Horizon is still spewing oil into the Gulf of Mexico , even though BP has succeeded in inserting a smaller pipe into the main leakage to suck off part of the flow .
Hu succeeded Jiang in 2002 , almost as former Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi was coming to power in Japan , and encouraged `` New Thinking '' in China 's Japan policy , which would entail moving away from historical grievances and promoting better ties .
As people wonder if the United States-NATO surge in Afghanistan which began last month will succeed , all of South Asia is asking even more troubling questions : Who runs Pakistan ?
Ambassador Hilaly has pointed to the way forward : `` To succeed today , it -LRB- is -RRB- essential that first and foremost the power of the armed groups within Pakistan be broken .
If the nations of North Africa are to succeed in meeting the needs and expectations of their peoples , policymakers must draw the appropriate lessons from the past -- and aim to get it right this time around .
Had such a coup attempt taken place , much less succeeded , it also would have put an end to Turkey 's aspirations to become a full member of the European Union .
In light of even greater differences resulting from the enlargement , they are not likely to succeed in the near future .
We have started to bring hope by educating young Afghans , but we have not yet succeeded in bringing them a secure life , free from the danger of bombs and aerial bombardment .
They want Iran to succeed -- and to be recognized for its success -- in sports , arts , and education at an international level .
Khamenei , the supreme leader , has succeeded in politicizing the Shiite clerical establishment , primarily by controlling the financial resources of the religious authorities and Shiite institutions in Iran and the region .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Though Saudi Ambassador Adel al-Jubeir is alive and well in Washington , the plot to assassinate him may have succeeded -- if its aim was not to kill al-Jubeir , but rather Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's foreign policy .
Ahmadinejad is well aware that if he succeeds in portraying himself as someone who -- in opposition to the Supreme Leader 's will -- wants to solve major issues between Iran and the US , that could partly compensate for his economic failures and gain him some new supporters .
But , more importantly , no military dictator can succeed where Musharraf has so clearly failed .
Olam was started by Indians in Nigeria and remains a world-beating trader in cotton , coffee , cashews and the like . To succeed , Olam has had to work `` up-country '' - -- a euphemism for difficult conditions far from comfortable port cities -- requiring it to rely on Indians ' familiarity with , and willingness to work in , Africa 's interior .
Soviet scientists believed that the Americans would keep their plans secret until after they had succeeded in launching a satellite , so all our efforts were put into beating the Americans to the launch .
One Bush has practically succeeded another as America 's president , and the son of Singapore 's founder , Lee Kwan Hew , is to become the country 's premier .
But , like any muddle , it is succeeding only in confusing Russians about themselves and their country .
But Yeltsin himself never succeeded in fully throwing off the intellectual shackles of the past .
The only question now is whether Zubkov , or his successor , will eventually succeed in turning Czar Vladimir into the same sort of non-person that Putin 's rivals have become .
So it was only appropriate that he should become deputy prime minister for social affairs in 2005 , because he had already succeeded in largely bringing these affairs to a halt .
Similarly , while the world today searches for ways to confront dependence on fossil fuels and seeks other , cleaner energy sources , Russia continues to live off its oil and gas , which only encourages it to delay the economic and political restructuring that it will need to succeed in the long term .
Under tremendous strain , Tymoshenko 's government succeeded in keeping the budget deficit under control .
Will Medvedev succeed where all others have failed ?
That global effort will almost certainly not succeed without a credible Chinese threat to sever Kim 's economic umbilical cord .
And , while they did bring nuclear safety to the fore and agreed to cooperate and share information with each other , efforts to meet this region-wide challenge can not succeed without bringing Taiwan into the discussions .
Despite many ups and downs -- and fierce competition from other major automobile manufacturers , including the Indian giant Tata Motors -- Suzuki succeeded in establishing its brand as India 's `` people 's car . ''
Only by resolving the structural issue will Asia succeed in overcoming the philosophical problem .
An aggressive debater , Kan is often mentioned as a candidate to succeed Hatoyama should he leave his post -- a live possibility , given the prime minister 's plummeting approval ratings and strained relationship with Ichiro Ozawa , the kingpin of Hatoyama 's Democratic Party of Japan -LRB- DPJ -RRB- .
The US , even under a new president , can not succeed in the region without a united front with Europe .
In September , Catherine Ashton , the EU 's High Representative for Foreign Affairs , succeeded in breaking the deadlock in Serbia-Kosovo relations by bringing both sides back to the negotiating table .
They were succeeded by leaders such as Bill Clinton , Gerhard Schroeder , and Tony Blair . Suddenly `` weak '' government became fashionable -- up to a point .
The so-called `` postcommunists '' who succeeded them , looking West , adopted the weak government model .
Despite the Iranian opposition 's continuing efforts to contest the outcome and advance political liberalization , Ahmadinejad and his allies have largely succeeded in consolidating their hold on power by using brute force to repress the reform movement .
Instead , they press for the impossible request that the Palestinian Authority dismantle the militant groups , an act that Israel , with all its powers , has not succeeded in accomplishing .
This conception of deterrence failed in Lebanon in 2006 , with Israel forced to accept a UN-sponsored cease-fire agreement , and it is no more likely to succeed in Gaza .
Cross-border attacks , hijackings , Arab and international diplomacy , secret talks , non-violent resistance , suicide bombings , rockets , regional Arab initiatives , international peace envoys : nothing has succeeded in ending the occupation .
The conference , it appears , succeeded in reuniting and reinvigorating the movement , which has suffered since the death of its founder and long-time leader , Yasser Arafat .
Qudwa is a dark-horse candidate to succeed Abbas -- a possible compromise figure who has never been directly involved in security or military activities .
The PLO has succeeded in obtaining European support for a unilateral Palestinian declaration of statehood . The only obstacle remaining to Palestinian leaders are the Americans .
Palestinian spokesmen , including Abbas , have said that they see no reason why representatives of the newly recognized state can not negotiate with representatives of Israel . If the UN vote succeeds , however , it will not be a people talking with their occupiers , but two states negotiating about how to manage their relations in peace and harmony .
Despite its popularity , however , Al Jazeera has not succeeded financially .
At the same time , a moral politician never succeeds single-handedly in ensuring the common good .
If it succeeds , Nehru 's pledge , on the eve of Indian independence , `` to wipe every tear from every eye , '' will finally be redeemed . India 's Economic Performance : 1868-2000
Of course , several recent Latin American presidents succeeded in changing their countries ' constitutions to lengthen their terms in office .
Evo Morales and the Populist Paradox LA PAZ -- Evo Morales succeeded in amending the Bolivia 's constitution and being re-elected President .
Of course , it would be best for everyone - France and Germany included - if the current US-led coalition were to succeed and Iraq could turn into a pillar of Middle East stability and modernization .
Today , those in France who opposed the EU constitution succeeded in stigmatizing `` Europe '' as the threat .
He had sought to take advantage of the Beijing Olympics to give the foreign media unprecedented freedom , but the bureaucrats succeeded in reversing his decision .
But Europe can succeed in this task only if its various constituent cultures do not seal themselves off from one another .
Indeed , Europeans will only succeed in building the wider Europe if they are open to what is foreign to them .
If Uribe stands down , whoever succeeds him will probably maintain most of his policies and continue to work toward improving security in the country .
Now an opportunity to introduce young blood and new ideas has similarly been missed : although the Sixth Congress adopted a ten-year limit for holding office , the two people designated to succeed Raúl Castro are both octogenarians .
When the Kyoto treaty enters into force on February 16 , the global warming community will undoubtedly congratulate itself : to do good they have secured the most expensive worldwide treaty ever . They have succeeded in making global warming a central moral test of our time .
Our one-sided focus on rapid reductions in CO2 emissions is both unnecessarily expensive and unlikely to succeed .
Fortunately , China 's jailing of Liu Xiaobo will not , as we Chinese say , succeed in its effort to frighten the monkey by killing a chicken .
Today , the biggest threat to Indonesia 's democracy comes from America , even though most Americans want Indonesia 's democracy to succeed .
Curiously , while many Americans and Europeans want moderate Muslim voices to succeed in Indonesia -LRB- and Southeast Asia -RRB- , they often undermine moderates with policies that are perceived as anti-Islamic .
There can be no doubt that Singh has the right instincts . He wants Pakistan to succeed as a moderate , modernizing country .
Third , even if negotiations with less militant Chechens occur and succeed , terrorism will continue under the leadership of the religious fanatic Shamil Basaev .
We have succeeded in placing the issue of the presidency at center stage in Lebanese politics .
We can not succeed on one without succeeding on the other .
They will most likely succeed .
Senegal under Wade has succeeded in irrigating only 15 % of a planned 250,000 hectares , and now imports some 80 % of the rice that it consumes .
President Bush mostly succeeded in his crusade ; Jubilee 2000 succeeded mostly in getting empty promises .
If Denmark 's prime minister , Anders Fogh Rasmussen were to succeed as a compromise candidate between Juncker and Blair , as is widely suggested , the presence of two center-right Scandinavians would present a problem .
However , the legendary tandems of the past-de Gaulle and Adenauer , Valéry Giscard d'Estaing and Helmut Schmidt , François Mitterrand and Helmut Kohl-have not been succeeded by a comparable duo .
As well as working to further peace between Israel and Palestine , we must help Turkey succeed in turning itself into a full-fledged democracy that qualifies for EU membership , renew pressure on the Iranian regime for democracy and arms control , and avoid premature disengagement from Iraq .
If he succeeds , something like a six-nation `` contact group '' -LRB- France , the UK , Germany , Spain , Poland , and Italy -RRB- will have formed to determine EU relations with the US .
Insurgent movements that succeed do so because the government 's will collapses .
The United States and its allies can not succeed in Afghanistan unless the Afghan government itself succeeds .
Such a process will not succeed .
This is good news , but what is really needed is a multi-faceted , aggressive reform of the regulatory process so that all new genetic constructions will have a chance to succeed .
Even if such efforts succeed , the road to a full-fledged democratic system in Iraq will still be arduous and expensive .
The revolution that must be overcome is that of May 1968 , whose leaders and supporters , according to Sarkozy , may have lost politically to de Gaulle , but deeply weakened France over the succeeding decades with their emphasis on `` false values . ''
To succeed , Nicolas Sarkozy will have to turn his campaign slogan `` Together everything becomes possible '' into reality .
Today 's Chinese and Indians are now convinced that they are succeeding .
It has succeeded so well that it has taken on new members and new responsibilities , but has lost focus and clarity of purpose .
While Sarkozy 's popularity remains low , a majority of the French want him to succeed , for he has four more years to go , and there is no alternative around the corner .
But will they also prevent him from succeeding ?
Whereas Obama owes his election in large part to his charisma , Barroso is likely to succeed himself precisely because of his lack of charisma , because he says very little in so many languages .
Preventing Qaddafi from rebuilding the wall of fear that fell in Tunisia and Egypt is essential if the `` Arab spring '' is not to be succeeded by a new winter of discontent .
Europe 's citizens are tired of these recurrent discussions -- since 1995 , there have been treaties of Amsterdam , Nice , Rome , and Lisbon , none of which has entirely succeeded .
Yet not all minorities long subject to discrimination necessarily succeed under conditions of market competition .
However , Mousavi will face many obstacles in the months leading up to the June 12 vote , and he will succeed only if allowed to by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
As the arrest of Karadzic shows , that effort is gradually succeeding .
Even if Bashir 's fellow heads of state succeed in their effort to persuade the United Nations Security Council to defer prosecution -- which is highly unlikely -- the charges will continue to hang over Bashir 's head unless and until he stands trial .
In this respect , Vilks ' work must be regarded as having succeeded in exposing moral double standards -- no matter what one thinks of the drawing itself .
They have succeeded in setting up a largely informal learning environment , focusing mainly on truly interactive learning .
Reading Fisher , one is more inclined to leave boys alone to challenge one another and test their environment , and to accept that , as she puts it , nature designed men and women to collaborate for survival . `` Collaboration '' implies free will and choice ; even primate males do not succeed by dominating or controlling females .
Such campaigns sometimes succeed because they can credibly threaten to damage the value of global brand names .
In the panel 's words , the UN was created above all `` to save succeeding generations from the scourge of war , '' but today the biggest security threats we face `` go far beyond states waging aggressive war .
Rising anti-Americanism around the world threatens to deprive the US of the soft or attractive power that it needs to succeed in the struggle against terrorism .
Will Bush 's new approach succeed ?
But even if his program succeeds , it will not do much to increase America 's energy security .
It is difficult to see how NATO can succeed in stabilizing Afghanistan unless it is willing to commit more troops and give commanders more flexibility .
Is there any reason to believe that an additional five brigades will succeed in stabilizing Baghdad now when similar efforts have failed in the past ?
As one expert puts it , a guiding coalition with good managers but poor leaders will not succeed .
All who admire the European experiment must hope that they succeed .
According to the official results , Goodluck Jonathan , who succeeded Yar ` Adua upon his death and became the ruling People 's Democratic Party -LRB- PDP -RRB- candidate , was sworn in as President on May 29 .
Obasanjo 's Troubling End-Game In Nigeria today , the key question nowadays is not whether President Olusegun Obasanjo will quit after his second -LRB- and final -RRB- term expires next year , but who will succeed him .
Obasanjo has made it clear that Atiku Abubakar , the Vice President and the arrowhead of the anti-third term coalition , will not succeed him .
But it can succeed only if we embark now on an agenda to boost natural resource productivity more broadly and on a more integrated basis .
But , in order to succeed , Turkey must firmly pursue a pledge from all the region 's players to repudiate the use of force in settling their disputes .
Armenians and Azerbaijanis have not clashed militarily for more than a decade and a half . But this is only because there has been the perception of a military balance and a hope that ongoing negotiations would succeed .
An acceptable blueprint might emerge from high-level negotiations in Astana if it were to build on what succeeded in breaking previous negotiating deadlocks : the idea of a referendum in which the war-weary Karabakhis can determine their final status .
The summit will have succeeded , the OSCE will have succeeded , and Karabakh will cease to be a synonym for conflict , but a laboratory for peace .
Turkish diplomacy has thus become a well-calibrated balancing act , moving closer to European positions in the Middle East , but eager to maintain close relations with the US . If this approach succeeds , Europe 's bridge to Asia may also become its bridge to America .
A recent Pew Forum study found Europe 's Muslims to be `` markedly less well off than the general population , frustrated with economic opportunities and socially isolated , '' while most American Muslims say that `` their communities are excellent or good places '' to live ; 71 % say they can succeed in the US if they work .
Yet `` assimilation '' is not what succeeds .
Yet this does n't explain why these poorer immigrants remain religious ; wanting to succeed US-style , they should want to be quick to `` assimilate . ''
2009 is supposed to see the conclusion of an agreement on global warming and climate change to succeed and build on the Kyoto Protocol .
China 's continued economic growth and integration into the global economy gives America even greater opportunities to grow and succeed .
But , given his unwillingness to seek support for his regime and his policies from the ballot box , Musharraf succeeded in undermining both .
China can take three measures to help Europe , but , if they are to succeed , the EU must set aside some of its long-standing suspicions about China .
And China is succeeding , most importantly by consistently reinforcing Putin 's anti-American and anti-Western agenda .
America and the West in general have a vital interest in seeing the modernization of Russia succeed .
But no amount of money will succeed in modernizing Putin 's kleptocratic regime , which has already squandered trillions in oil wealth .
Spain has succeeded in reducing its own spread vis-à-vis Germany but only after a policy U-turn .
In only one case , North Korea , did the IAEA succeed .
First , there is ad hoc diplomacy , which succeeded in eliminating Libya 's nuclear program and closing North Korea 's nuclear weapons production reactor .
But , even were a revived Franco-American effort to succeed in getting the UN organ to endorse targeted penalties to hamstring the financial underpinnings of the Revolutionary Guards and other Iranian elites , the proposed measures appear to be too modest . They arguably add little to three prior sanction resolutions that ban the export of nuclear and ballistic-missile technology and conventional arms , and that freeze the assets and travel of a handful of Iranian officials .
Had the Axis 's negative watershed succeeded , the US would have become a far different country .
The Six-Party Talks have , at long last , succeeded -- thanks , apparently , to China 's solid opposition to the nuclearization of northeast Asia .
There is now real hope that talks along these lines can succeed .
And , most likely , the worst is yet to come : if the Obama administration does not succeed in stabilizing the United States economy in the coming weeks , Latin America will most likely face even steeper declines .
Yet , whether through the force of his intellect and talent , as he and his supporters say , or his genius at self-promotion , as many of his detractors contend , Kouchner succeeded in remaining at center stage no matter who was France 's president or prime minister .
So today 's most hyped goal -- conceiving and putting into practice a common foreign policy -- seems too ambitious to succeed .
And he succeeded in convincing other European leaders to embrace the `` simplified treaty '' that he called for .
Thomas Watson , the founder of IBM , once said , `` If you want to succeed , raise your error rate . ''
If they succeed , they can pursue their own priorities and maintain market confidence at the same time .
Reforms that succeed in one setting may do poorly or fail in other settings .
But thinkers like Friedman leave an ambiguous and puzzling legacy , because it is the interventionists who have succeeded in economic history , where it really matters .
Even if Asia has succeeded by relentlessly exporting manufactures , today 's poorest countries , especially in Africa , can realistically export only agriculture and textiles .
Governments may try to resist the fall of the dollar , but in today 's world of deep and fluid capital markets , they will not succeed indefinitely , even in Asia .
Modern finance has succeeded in creating a default dynamic of such stupefying complexity that it defies standard approaches to debt workouts .
But will its leaders succeed in stabilizing the situation in the near term ?
Unfortunately , any country that taxes capital too aggressively will only succeed in chasing it to regions where the tax burden is lighter .
It is true that Latin American governments , particularly the Brazilian authorities , succeeded in raising more revenue from taxes on bank withdrawals -LRB- a crude version of an FTT -RRB- than most policy analysts thought possible .
The `` reset '' of relations with Russia can succeed only if it is reciprocal .
A year ago , Netanyahu seemed certain to succeed Sharon .
But a political settlement within Afghanistan can not succeed without a regional grand bargain .
But for reform to succeed , a little old-fashioned solidarity extended Eastwards now is the best way to ensure the commitment of the EU 's newest members to European integration .
On the other hand , financial incentives would probably succeed , because cutting down forest to create pastureland is not profitable enough to induce farmers to forego payments for protecting the land .
Violent extremists on both sides have ratcheted up their actions whenever the majority succeeded in getting closer to peace .
The Gates Foundation , UNICEF , Rotary International , and many governments have succeeded in bringing down polio deaths to one-thousandth of the rate a generation ago , bringing the disease to the verge of eradication .
Their arguments have been repeatedly disproved for 30 years -- time after time -- but their aggressive methods of public propaganda succeed in causing delay and confusion .
Our best hope is that South Korea will succeed as the next host country , picking up where Canada has fallen far short .
This month , they succeeded , at least for now .
In the end , I do n't think they will succeed .
American children raised in affluence succeed in obtaining an excellent education and have good job prospects after a bachelor 's degree .
Over one billion people struggle each day for mere survival , and many do not succeed .
Some investors do succeed at this , but it is tougher than it sounds .
While the regime gradually succeeded in violently quelling the momentum of the opposition Green Movement , the country 's deep internal rifts -- both among political elites as well as between government and society -- are far from being reconciled .
But , while Chávez-style populism appears to have made some headway in Peru , it is far from succeeding .
At the moment , who will succeed Putin is not important ; what counts is the process that will result in the choice of Russia 's third president .
The outcome will have a major impact on whether China succeeds in becoming a nation capable of having truly constructive and durable relations with the outside world .
While China 's achievement is worthy of genuine esteem , its efforts to gain a full measure of international respect and real `` great power '' status will not succeed until it matches its new economic and military power with a certain essential moral force .
You can , however , succeed in tickling yourself through an intermediary -- a machine , for instance , that translates the movements of your fingers into sensations on the skin by a method indirect enough for the cerebellum to be unable to anticipate them .
To succeed , a multilateral negotiation would also need to address the expectations of foreign operators , who want assurances that their investments are safe .
In fact , Taiwan 's moral superiority over mainland China lies not only in its democratic institutions , but also in its unbroken adherence to the ancient culture that the Chinese communists nearly succeeded in annihilating after coming to power in 1949 .
While a relatively small business , military , and political elite misgoverned Thailand -- often cynically , and sometimes incompetently -- others in Asia , with more selfless and competent public servants , succeeded in finding their competitive niche in the modern world .
So far , Geithner seems to have succeeded in his `` tests , '' as the stock market has indeed more than stabilized , with prices of bank shares such as Citigroup and Bank of America quadrupling from their lows .
Were such a market for science to exist , scientists would form enterprises , just like businesses , the best of which would succeed , while others would fail .
It is morally and practically vital that they succeed .
But it is not clear that these plans will succeed fully .
The types of corporations that will succeed , the buildings that are constructed , and the research and development that will be needed all depend on the demographics of demand .
Ben Bernanke , the Chairman of President George W. Bush 's Council of Economic Advisors and a likely candidate to succeed Alan Greenspan as the Federal Reserve 's chairman in January , has called the decline in real interest rates over just the last decade a `` global savings glut . ''
But , while such bonds have succeeded in raising savings rates in the countries that have created them , they have not had advocates in the United States .
If they succeed in devising policies , laws , and incentives that achieve this , a byproduct would likely be a reduction in inequality , which one hopes would reinforce the improved sense of trustworthiness .
Not all popular demands for freedom succeed : in the confusion , reactionary forces can make their move .
That said , we are not doomed to succeed .
Of those who do , a minute fraction actually tries to carry them out , and only a tiny number of those succeed .
The Lisbon Treaty also succeeds in tackling another major weakness of the EU - -- its ineffectiveness .
If we succeed , the behavior we judge to be better will become habitual -- and thus no longer require a conscious act of will to keep acting in that way .
Rebels know that if they succeed , they will gain immense personal wealth , be able to reward those who backed their coup , and have enough arms to keep themselves in power , no matter how badly they rule .
He found that when people want to quit smoking , they are more likely to succeed if they arrange to lose money should they fail .
After all , if they remain at large , they may succeed in carrying out further terrorist attacks that take hundreds or even thousands of innocent lives .
They must succeed in inducing the oil sheikhs and other producers of fossil fuels to throttle their pumps .
The mortgage-backed securities that US banks succeeded in selling to the world are not comparable to European assets with similar names .
However , the holder of a CDO or MBS would be unable to take these homeowners to court . And even if he succeeded , homeowners could simply return their house keys , as they , too , enjoy the protection of non-recourse .
If they succeeded at all , high interest rates would have induced them to tighten their belts , and their current-account deficits , which in the case of Greece and Portugal exceeded 10 % of GDP , would have diminished .
Starting with extremely low wages and an underdeveloped currency , German workers succeeded in competing against the world .
The signs of the fading miracle became visible when Japanese competitors and other Asian Tigers succeeded in wiping out substantial parts of Germany 's labor-intensive textile , optical products , and precision engineering industries .
But these two prominent , national membership organizations may succeed in dampening Islamic militancy where the government , afraid of waging the battle it must fight , has failed dismally .
Nor has Thatcherite policy succeeded in one of its chief aims -- to reduce the share of government spending in national income .
The Gaullist dream of creating an independent power center never succeeded , but the role of `` awkward partner '' has given a distinctive flavor to French diplomacy , and it may be equally viable for a shrunken , proud , but no longer hegemonic Russia .
But the attack on it will never succeed unless policy Keynesians like Krugman are willing to work out the implications of irreducible uncertainty for economic theory .
If inflation has succeeded recession as today 's main problem , governments should withdraw their stimulus policies -LRB- money out of the economy -RRB- as soon as possible .
Buying foreign gold did succeed in driving down the dollar 's value in terms of gold .
But there is also a more troubling possibility : if , by proceeding on our current profligate path , we succeed in making natural resources scarce , we will require a new wave of technology , regardless of the cost , to rescue us from calamity .
If they succeed , perhaps they should add a black border around the proud Islamic green of their flag -- the black not of mourning , but of justice .
Moreover , the IMF has not succeeded in convincing countries to pursue macroeconomic policies consistent with sustainable current-account positions .
But the G-20 remains very much a work in progress -- and one that needs much work to succeed , as its most recent summit in Toronto demonstrated .
This European model succeeded beyond anyone 's wildest dreams , and for decades was the envy of the world in a way that neither `` Wild West '' American capitalism , nor Soviet and Maoist state socialism , ever could be .
So far , this `` Republican Front '' strategy of exclusion has succeeded in keeping the far right out of any significant political office for four decades , but it has never reduced the size of its electoral base .
Perhaps if Soderbergh 's two-part Che epic succeeds at the box office , his financial backers will want to film a more truthful sequel .
It is civil society that has moved the process this far , and it must become even more deeply engaged , particularly in the producing countries , to maintain the forward momentum and ensure that the movement succeeds in lifting the resource curse once and for all .
This is of vital interest to Europe but it can not succeed without adequate political and financial support .
Where Europe has adopted a common policy -- such as on Iran -- it has succeeded in persuading others , including the US , to change long-held positions .
The Bush administration 's response to the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 -- declaring a War on Terror and treating criticism as unpatriotic -- succeeded in gathering public support , yet the results were the exact opposite to what the Bush administration intended , both for itself and the United States .
So makeshift assistance will be sufficient to allow Greece to succeed , but that leaves Spain , Italy , Portugal , and Ireland .
And they offered an extended aid package to Greece without building a convincing case that the rescue can succeed : they arranged for the participation of bondholders in the Greek rescue package , but the arrangement benefited the banks more than Greece .
But those who recognize that humanity wo n't succeed in stopping war seek , instead , to contain and `` humanize '' it .
Mbeki 's `` quiet diplomacy '' has not succeeded .
Can such initiatives succeed ?
If the street protests and legal challenges being mounted by López Obrador succeed , he will be in an even weaker position .
But , as always , the devil is in the details , and United States Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson may have succeeded in subverting even this good idea ; he seems to have figured out how to recapitalize the banks in such a way that it may not result in resumption of lending , which would bode poorly for the economy .
In this case , too-big-to-fail financial institutions had perverse incentives : if they gambled and succeeded , they walked off with the profits ; if they lost , the taxpayer would pay .
Some hoped that the Greek tragedy would convince policymakers that the euro can not succeed without greater cooperation -LRB- including fiscal assistance -RRB- .
It is no surprise that the big banks succeeded in stopping some essential reforms ; what was a surprise was a provision in the US Senate 's bill that banned government-insured entities from underwriting risky derivatives .
The Obama administration 's efforts to deal with the real-estate market have been a dismal failure , perhaps succeeding only in postponing further declines .
The problem is politics : in the US , the Republican Party would rather see President Barack Obama fail than the economy succeed .
Europe pushed to restructure its steel industry in the 1980s and early 1990s , and succeeded mostly .
For if the oligarchs succeed in keeping their ill-gotten gains , it is not hard to imagine someone like Khodorkovsky -- who was already starting to build a political machine alongside his business empire -- cashing in his Yukos shares , parking his wealth in a safe haven offshore , and using it to manipulate Russian politics .
Written under the leadership of Sir Nicholas Stern of the London School of Economics , who succeeded me as Chief Economist of the World Bank , the report makes clear that the question is no longer whether we can afford to do anything about global warming , but whether we can afford not to .
Europe has succeeded in part because it recognizes that the rights of individuals are inalienable and universal , and because it created institutions to protect those rights .
China recognized that it could not simply transfer economic institutions that had worked in other countries ; at the least , what succeeded elsewhere had to be adapted to the unique problems confronting China .
We should all hope that China 's new economic model succeeds .
Regardless of whether the old boy system is preserved -- but especially if it is -- the Bank 's Board should likewise conduct open hearings on Bush 's nominee to succeed Wolfowitz .
TRIPs , the intellectual property provisions of the Uruguay round , were designed to reduce access to generic medicines -- and they succeeded .
Malaysia has succeeded in markedly reducing the income divides that separated various ethnic groups , not by bringing the top down , but by bringing the bottom up .
Its chances of succeeding are slim .
If central banks go down this path , they will no doubt eventually succeed in wringing inflation out of the system . But the cost -- in lost jobs , lost wages , and lost homes -- will be enormous .
Such borrowing was especially attractive as asset -LRB- housing and equity -RRB- prices kept rising , interest rates remained low , and succeeding generations of financial market innovators could convince investors that they had mastered the exigencies of risk .
Such fads have not succeeded in significantly reducing poverty . This is not to deny some positive consequences .
Whether Premier Berlusconi 's government succeeds or not - and why - will be instructive for all of Europe , in particular for European conservatives who now often seem adrift .
But if Hasina is to succeed in continuing to blunt Islamism , she must address the fundamental problems that have destabilized Bangladeshi society for decades .
If the Awami League is unable to address the country 's systematic poverty and social inequality , Islamism may well yet succeed in rallying the impoverished to its banner .
Indeed , India has mostly succeeded in ending the chill that set in after 1998 , when it declared China to be the main target of its nuclear weapons .
And , if Iran succeeds in acquiring long-range ballistic missiles , the security threat will become global .
The current Congress Party-led government of Manmohan Singh comprises 20 parties ; it succeeded a 23-party coalition headed by the Bharatiya Janata Party 's Atal Bihari Vajpayee .
But if she succeeds , she will have overcome a far longer legacy of discrimination .
A new parliament will be convened on June 2 to elect a national government to succeed the outgoing administration of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .
International cooperation has succeeded in preventing banks headquartered in Western Europe , with extensive branch networks in the Eastern Europe , from pulling out .
Because they know both the tastes of fellow city dwellers and rural conditions , many urban farmers are succeeding .
Putin , among other things , is a combative nationalist , and he wants Russia to succeed in a world of competing powers .
The Russian government 's concept of modernization is too narrow to succeed .
Within a few years , when it becomes clear to the Russian leadership that modernization conceived as technological innovation is too narrow to succeed , important choices will have to be made .
For the EU to succeed , it must pursue the policy launched by the French Presidency , giving priority to stopping the war and distancing itself from Israel 's disproportionate use of force .
Of course , none of this means that the international intervention in Libya will succeed ; the situation in Libya is far too complicated to predict the outcome .
He quickly took up a divisive constitutional battle against the hereditary Malay rulers , the nine sultans , and succeeded in curtailing their privileges and powers .
But he was determined to break the traditional Malay mold and succeeded in building a new -- albeit still small -- urban middle class .
This ongoing disunity among the Sinhalese contributed to making Sri Lanka 's governments much more fragile than those that succeeded the British in Kuala Lumpur and Singapore .
Of course , there are moments when China 's leaders do seem like people who know that they are succeeding and want others to acknowledge it .
The Middle Kingdom 's Middle Class HONG KONG -- Why has China succeeded so spectacularly in the span of just three decades since the launch of Deng Xiaoping 's economic reforms ?
They also stressed the need to be bold , frugal , and highly driven to succeed , as well as the ability to adapt to changing market conditions .
Despite continuing political restrictions imposed by an authoritarian regime , Deng Xiaoping succeeded beyond his wildest imagination .
Shi'a nationalism has followed Persian chauvinism as a rallying point , but neither has succeeded fully in bolstering Iran 's political institutions and securing the allegiance of its young population , nearly two-thirds of which is under the age of 30 .
Those who understand Americans ' deep-rooted passion for `` making it '' know why class or any other civil warfare has not succeeded in destroying America from within .
No matter who wins , this election has succeeded in revitalizing a moribund opposition to President Lukashenko .
I hope that the Republican establishment does not succeed in co-opting the Tea Party -- and that the Democratic establishment does not , either .
They may succeed or fail ; but they are really in the game .
Moreover , in the past , someone who left school without the `` right '' qualifications could still succeed , through an apprenticeship or by working his way up from the shop floor .
Each had also succeeded in getting government to insulate it against any need to make fundamental changes .
However , for China to succeed , higher investment in research and development , together with a fundamental overhaul of the educational system , is essential .
The 1995 strike became an icon of `` social legitimacy , '' instilling fear in all succeeding governments .
One reason why Sarkozy could succeed where previous governments have never dreamt to venture , aside from his popular mandate for reform , is a `` win-win '' strategy , whereby victory for reform implies substantial compensation .
Boosting competitiveness through exchange-rate depreciation may not succeed in raising exports in a situation where world trade is rapidly contracting , but it can cushion the blow by switching demand toward domestically produced goods and services .
Having promptly achieved depreciation , it may have succeeded .
Firstly , China succeeded in lowering its energy consumption per unit of GDP by 1.79 % , 4.04 % and 4.59 % respectively for 2006 , 2007 , and 2008 , which strongly suggests the prospect of meeting the 20 % objective by 2010 .
At a press conference this month , he said that economic reform can not succeed without political reform , and that corruption currently poses the gravest danger to China .
After decades of using concern for the Palestinian cause to shore up popular support for their own ineffective and undemocratic regimes , these moderate Arab leaders have now been put on the defensive by Iran 's quest for hegemony . If Iran succeeds in being seen as the genuine patron of Palestinian national aspirations , it will also succeed in legitimizing its claim for dominance in the Middle East .
But the truly curious factor that might bring success to Bush is that those who have opposed or resented America 's presence in Iraq , such as the Iranian-backed Shi'a parties now also appear to want Bush 's new strategy to succeed .
Abdullah 's octogenarian line of successors recalls the final years of the Soviet Union , when one infirm leader after another succeeded to power for a brief period of inert rule .
After Abdullah succeeded his brother Fahd , who ruled for 23 years until his death in 2005 , he created an Allegiance Council , an ambiguous and mysterious family body that resembled the Vatican 's College of Cardinals .
A key early test of Abdullah 's kingship will be if he can succeed in freeing the hundreds of political reformers now in prison , especially three respected academics whom he encouraged to make reform proposals , only to be incarcerated by Naif .
There is truth in both views about the state of Russia 's economy , but because the government controls all the major television channels , it is succeeding in enforcing its view of the situation .
But the buyback can succeed only if the market perceives it as the last chance before a unilateral debt restructuring .
A debt buyback is something of a Catch 22 : to succeed in inducing a haircut , it needs to profit from the default fears that it intends to alleviate .
One-man rule has been so completely embedded in North Korea 's political culture and system that it is difficult to expect collective leadership to succeed .
After all , they achieved what they wanted in defiance of enormous international pressure , and even succeeded in transferring nuclear technology to Syria several years ago without being punished .
While expansionary policies have succeeded in ensuring a V-shape recession , their medium and long-term effects are worrisome .
The government 's goal should be to succeed not only in reviving the economy , but also in reversing the deterioration of China 's structural problems , thereby laying a solid foundation for economic growth in the future .
If the government subsidy is large enough , it will succeed in stopping the crisis .
Had Franklin Roosevelt succeeded in preventing the Pearl Harbor attack with a preemptive strike against Japan , we would still be discussing whether war with Japan was inevitable .
