Turkey 's constructive engagement with the EU creates a sense of trust in the West -- among Western leaders at least , if not yet the general population -- for its regional initiatives . Yet Turkey is also succeeding in keeping an equal distance between both the EU and the US .
Where fisheries agreements are not succeeding , conservation agreements must be tried and applied .
Only an unreconstructed optimist would give the talks more than a 50 % chance of succeeding .
Across the region , countless exchange-rate regimes have been tried -- some succeeding , others failing abysmally .
But undermining his domestic standing by limiting Iran 's revenues stands a better chance of succeeding than diplomatic efforts to persuade the regime to suspend uranium enrichment voluntarily , or coercive sanctions .
Let Polonia semper fidelis keep faith with its Catholic identity and tradition while succeeding in its integration within Europe , becoming in the process a `` normal '' European country .
But the Swiss reported losses of 14 billion francs in the first half of 2010 , without succeeding in stemming exchange-rate appreciation .
What Milosevic 's trial is succeeding in doing is turning many Serbs against Djindjic 's 18-party coalition government .
Unless we begin to do so , succeeding generations will fail to realize an environmentally sustainable world where people live in dignity .
Only by explicitly acknowledging the limits to economists ' and policymakers ' knowledge would such policies have a chance of succeeding .
Until the eruption of the current scandal , the youngest of Murdoch 's three children from his second marriage , James , was generally believed to stand the greatest chance of succeeding his father .
But , like any muddle , it is succeeding only in confusing Russians about themselves and their country .
We can not succeed on one without succeeding on the other .
The revolution that must be overcome is that of May 1968 , whose leaders and supporters , according to Sarkozy , may have lost politically to de Gaulle , but deeply weakened France over the succeeding decades with their emphasis on `` false values . ''
Today 's Chinese and Indians are now convinced that they are succeeding .
But will they also prevent him from succeeding ?
As the arrest of Karadzic shows , that effort is gradually succeeding .
In the panel 's words , the UN was created above all `` to save succeeding generations from the scourge of war , '' but today the biggest security threats we face `` go far beyond states waging aggressive war .
And China is succeeding , most importantly by consistently reinforcing Putin 's anti-American and anti-Western agenda .
But , while Chávez-style populism appears to have made some headway in Peru , it is far from succeeding .
The Obama administration 's efforts to deal with the real-estate market have been a dismal failure , perhaps succeeding only in postponing further declines .
Its chances of succeeding are slim .
Such borrowing was especially attractive as asset -LRB- housing and equity -RRB- prices kept rising , interest rates remained low , and succeeding generations of financial market innovators could convince investors that they had mastered the exigencies of risk .
Because they know both the tastes of fellow city dwellers and rural conditions , many urban farmers are succeeding .
Of course , there are moments when China 's leaders do seem like people who know that they are succeeding and want others to acknowledge it .
The 1995 strike became an icon of `` social legitimacy , '' instilling fear in all succeeding governments .
There is truth in both views about the state of Russia 's economy , but because the government controls all the major television channels , it is succeeding in enforcing its view of the situation .
