Despite massive evidence of the widespread death , poverty , suffering , and dysfunction she and her late husband , the dictator Ferdinand Marcos , inflicted on the Philippines , the only real disappointment she has subsequently endured has been losing the last presidential election she was allowed to contest .
These are shocking statistics , with huge implications for human suffering , health-care systems -LRB- and budgets -RRB- , and the international drive to reduce poverty .
They are also now suffering from water shortages and a budget deficit that has been exacerbated by declining oil revenues .
Sharks , too , are suffering from rapidly rising demand for shark-fin soup , which is considered a delicacy in many parts of Asia .
In 1993 , after the Oslo agreements , the Palestinian Authority established under Yasir Arafat became another militarized authoritarian regime , very much like Syria and Egypt , and did nothing to alleviate the suffering of the Palestinian refugees .
As for the Palestinians , the gap between the colossal tragedy of the Nakbah -LRB- the lost war at Israel 's founding -RRB- and the poverty of a territorial solution that sandwiches their demilitarized mini-state between Israel and Jordan -- neither suffering from excessive love for Palestinian statehood -- is bound to remain an open wound .
The country now suffering them is Iraq , the power that helped impose them is the United States .
While international support in a time of crisis demonstrates a seemingly innate moral response to the suffering of others , it also highlights with disquieting clarity that the same level of empathy is more difficult to evoke when a crisis is chronic instead of sudden , unexpected , and dramatic .
And low-income economies are suffering from higher food and fuel prices , which feature heavily in households ' consumption baskets .
BUENOS AIRES -- Today 's global currency war resembles real war in two important respects : a face-off over the structural imbalances between two large opponents -- China and the United States -- has forced uncomfortable smaller allies to take one side or the other , and third parties that may not be directly engaged are suffering collateral damage from both sides of the dispute .
PALO ALTO -- Europe is suffering from simultaneous sovereign-debt , banking , and currency crises .
This time , virtually every economy is suffering substantially and the banking crisis is global .
Patients suffering from rare disorders have adopted this approach .
Public anger at the charges coming from America and Britain about Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence -LRB- ISI -RRB- increased as round-the-clock television coverage showed the devastation and suffering caused by floods in the country 's northwest , the worst in more than 80 years .
Its commander , General Ashfaq Pervez Kayani , whose tenure in office was recently , and unusually , extended for an additional three years , was alone among Pakistan 's senior leaders in visiting the flood-affected areas and showing concern about the suffering .
Indifference to suffering is not inherent to any Asian culture .
There may be things that Western powers can do to alleviate the suffering , by offering aid to refugees , for example , or use the latest technology to keep lines of information open .
But the environment has been suffering .
Finally , because it is mostly civilians that have suffered and are still suffering in Georgia , it is imperative for the world community to promote a lasting solution , as is stipulated in the agreement promoted by French President Nicolas Sarkozy .
She reminds physicians that , for the person suffering intense pain , what dominates awareness above all else is a powerful negative emotion .
The wood frog can survive long periods of freezing temperatures without suffering cell damage .
In the past , those dreams brought only underdevelopment , dictatorship , nationalism and untold amounts of suffering .
A leading journalist , Cristian Tudor Popescu , reproached animal rights defenders for their moral relativism and insensitivity to human suffering .
At the moment , Afghanistan 's drug lords are prospering , and rural communities are suffering .
He bore his suffering since the assassination attempt of 1981 with dignity .
As industries suffering from insufficient demand shed workers , industries benefiting from surplus demand hire them .
The aggressive foreign policy pursued by Wilhelmine Germany , the perverse suffering inflicted on Russia by Lenin and Stalin , the terrors of Mao , the dictatorships of Mussolini and Franco , and the monstrous Nazi regime all occurred during this transition .
As the US current-account deficit rose over the past half-decade , international economists have lined up to predict doom : returns on assets invested in the US are relatively low , so at some point - probably all at once - holders of dollar-denominated securities will realize that the risk of suffering a major crash in value is not being adequately compensated .
Economists have proposed three explanations for why macroeconomic catastrophes have not caused more human suffering and deranged long-run economic growth over the past generation .
Of course investors who believe that their wealth is securely liquid , and that they are adding value for themselves by buying and selling are suffering from a delusion .
While liberalization was promoted in the late 1980 's and embraced during the 1990 's , food markets in the developed world remained highly protected , with Latin American countries suffering the consequences .
The International Monetary Fund and central banks should increase liquidity in a coordinated fashion in the form of short-term credit to emerging-market economies suffering from cuts in capital inflows and export earnings .
In addition to the prospect of enormous human suffering , severe economic , political , and social pressures now threaten to overwhelm and destabilize developing countries , triggering conflict on an unprecedented scale .
With more than 40 million people living in poverty and 7,000 killed in drug-related violence last year , Mexico will need to reform quickly to address what the virus has brought to light : a government far removed from the suffering of ordinary people and too frequently insensitive to their plight .
With the United States , Europe , and Japan still suffering post-crisis hangovers , this issue can be safely left to the country that chairs the G-20 in 2011 .
Foreign central banks are suffering capital losses on their unthinking investments .
In countries like Italy , already suffering from Chinese competition , and Spain , which is experiencing a massive housing bust , the pain will be excruciating .
A society can bear only so much pain and suffering before it loses faith in its political system .
But this was now politically feasible , because aid topped up the public coffers , reducing the depth of the necessary cuts and the associated pain and suffering .
If sex reassignment surgery can relieve a person 's suffering , then the question of whether or not it is treating a conventionally defined illness seems beside the point .
Many of us would resist such a world -- not because such a world would be unjust , or because it would lead to more pain and suffering , but because of the extent to which it has been planned and engineered .
There is not a single plaque commemorating the Leningrad KGB 's victims near the site of their suffering .
Moreover , because Putin 's `` contextual '' history subordinates Soviet-era suffering to the purpose of fighting the Great Patriotic War , his number mixes those who died in battle fighting for the USSR with those whom the Soviets killed through mass murder , deportation , and forced labor .
As is often the case in natural disasters , the poor are suffering the most .
Now , the first priority must be a full and immediate ceasefire to end the suffering of unarmed civilians and make way for peace .
There is no doubt that China currently is suffering from the global collapse in demand for a wide range of manufactured products .
This could happen because , in the long run , the EU wo n't be able to withstand its conflicts of interest and the resulting process of `` renationalization '' in all member states without suffering grave damage .
Governments really have no choice : they must take responsibility and exercise power , even if it requires swimming against the tide of public opinion -- and especially if it can help alleviate the social suffering brought on by the crisis .
The fence is not only a physical reminder of the divide between the area 's peoples , but also a cause of suffering for innocent Palestinians who are cut off from their fields , their jobs , and their families .
American shame would be salutary if it led Americans to realize that they live in an interdependent world where nations can not undertake unilateral military adventures without suffering unexpected disasters .
As monks , we believe in alleviating suffering wherever we see it , as part of the vows we have taken .
We could not ignore our people 's suffering .
As former French Prime Minister Pierre Mauroy put it in 1981 , when he refused to cancel a gas deal with the USSR over the imposition of martial law in Poland , `` Should the suffering of French people deprived of gas be added to the suffering of Polish people deprived of freedom ? ''
It typically means , as DeBakey experienced and as his physicians anticipated , an extended hospitalization marked by reliance on machines , multiple complications , and considerable suffering .
Despite the intifada , the number of settlers has decreased in only a few of the 144 settlements , and there are over 7,000 settlers in the Gaza Strip alone , in 16 communities occupying 20 % of an impoverished land already suffering one of the highest population densities in the world .
The prize is higher living standards for Russia 's long-suffering people and a recovery in the country 's international standing .
While China and the US battle it out , each trying to retain its own `` exorbitant privilege , '' Europe seems to be stuck in the middle , suffering from the same disadvantages of the US position , but enjoying none of its privileges .
Intense and long suffering , Argentines know how to create universal heroes like Eva Perón and Ché Guevara .
Achieving this will not come without suffering .
Iraq : More than an American Problem Many people around the world are indulging in what the Germans call `` schadenfreude '' : pleasure at the suffering of others .
The pleasure appears to be derived from the suffering the United States is enduring after four years of efforts to stabilize Iraq .
If the government of Pakistan and its friends do not accept that this human suffering was preventable , a chain of similar disasters will take place as army action heats up in Waziristan and other parts of the country .
For to end friction and suffering the crisis-ridden Middle East needs more than troops -- a reality that has been recognized in previous conflicts around the World .
Funding from the EU and from member states has helped to alleviate suffering , while compassionate community-building efforts by European individuals and organizations have highlighted the true closeness of all who share a common Mediterranean history .
Non-believers often have as strong and sound a sense of right and wrong as anyone , and have worked to abolish slavery and contributed to other efforts to alleviate human suffering .
They should show that they will neither ignore his practices nor neglect the suffering of Cuban prisoners of conscience .
Referendum Farce in Burma PRAGUE -- The enormous suffering of the Burmese people caused by the recent cyclone , which has caused tens of thousands of deaths , deserves the sympathy of the entire world .
The military-run referendum will not bring democracy to Burma , nor will it help the Burmese people , who now are suffering not only from the authoritarian regime and poverty , but also from a grave natural disaster and its totally inept handling by the cynical generals .
The suffering and wanton destruction of people 's lives , the despair and absence of human dignity in this region have gone on for too long .
Rising from the table , the American-educated Karadzic raged in passable English about the `` humiliations '' his people were suffering .
Those suffering the most are the billion people who survive on a dollar or less a day .
Parents whose child is seriously ill , spouses who discover their partners ' extramarital affairs , or workers unexpectedly fired from valued jobs are defined as suffering mental disorders if they develop enough symptoms to meet the DSM criteria .
This combination of insecurity and natural disasters has displaced huge numbers of people and caused suffering on a scale painful to behold .
Obviously , given the degree of suffering and public anxiety that variant CJD has caused , the possibility that it is receding is welcome news .
And California , too , is suffering massive fiscal difficulties and declining competitiveness in some of the industries in which Californians were once pioneers .
Aside from the infrastructure damage and civilian suffering and death implied by the cynical term `` collateral damage , '' all wars have environmental effects .
Reports about the tsunamis that devastated Southeast Asia barely a month ago have understandably been dominated by tales of death , suffering , and the physical destruction of infrastructure .
It may seem cruel or cold-hearted to focus on such environmental outcomes in the wake of vast human loss and suffering .
Many Chinese , on the other hand , tend to think that the US is suffering from severe case of conceited superpower syndrome .
They still remember the suffering of the Mao years , when China headed in the wrong direction -- and tried to do too much too quickly -- and they vividly recall how the Tiananmen protests brought the regime to its knees , and how urban labor unrest erupted when centrally managed state businesses were merged or closed down in the 1990 's .
A European politician heads the IMF , its board of directors is far more weighted towards Europe than is justified by Europe 's economic relevance , and it is rushing to ease lending conditions to Europe just as EU members are suffering deep insolvency problems .
Even as China grows richer and more powerful , memories of its past suffering and humiliation at the hands of the West and Japan remain alive - particularly because the Communist Party finds such memories so useful .
Russians should not lose heart ; but unless we understand the reasons for these failures , and make drastic corrections to our foreign policy , we are doomed to continue suffering defeats and losing status and influence , if not worse .
Unfortunately , for the past two years , Pakistan has been suffering as much or perhaps more than Afghanistan has suffered . Almost the entire tribal belt along the Pakistan\/Afghanistan border is suffering .
Burma is suffering the impact of decades of civil war .
They are suffering huge financial losses by boycotting the courts , and yet they are determined that the Chief Justice must be reinstated .
The pain and suffering arising from last year 's earthquake was already enormous , and has since been compounded by Hurricane Tomas and an outbreak of cholera . Now there is growing tension surrounding the just completed election .
Care-giving , as illustrated by our case , includes what happens when hope and consolation are abandoned , when theodicy ends , and when all there is to do is to be present with the sufferer , sharing his or her suffering by simply -- and usually silently -- being there .
For patients and families faced with health catastrophes and serious chronic medical conditions , the experience of suffering is not just a personal one , but is strongly influenced by cultural and historical changes in the processes that contribute to moral life being distinctive in different eras and societies .
Faced with a threat of pain , disfigurement , loss of function , and serious disability , individuals and families reframe the experience of suffering within their local moral world by remaking meanings , emotions , and values via ethical , religious , and aesthetic activities .
Unless that changes quickly , the result will be continued suffering and death for millions of people around the world .
Speaking at the United Nations plenary meeting this September , Kan said that his government seeks to achieve a `` society in which human suffering is reduced a minimum . '' National security is treated as a low-grade issue .
And , because the affected regions were already suffering from depopulation and rapid aging -- problems typical of much of today 's Japan -- recovery will require a new rural-development program that moves the country away from its Tokyo-centric economic model .
The suffering that so many people are enduring leads to pressure for reform , and Obama has shrewdly transformed these pressures into a political force .
In the aftermath of Israel 's assault on Gaza , Palestinians hoped that Israel would choose a leader who would focus on the need to end the suffering , lift the siege , and begin rebuilding .
The major stumbling block for the world in trying to relieve the suffering in Gaza is how to finesse the biggest bloc in the Palestinian Legislative Council , Ismael Hanieh 's Islamist list of Reform and Change .
Even with the tradable sector suffering due to the strong yen , capital-market liberalization meant that the capitalized value of future income streams , particularly from land , soared , as the interest rate at which they were discounted fell .
We would have to set the thresholds for psychiatric diagnosis a lot higher , resurrecting the distinction between chronic illness and mild suffering .
So today 's entry barriers , particularly in Europe , will produce ever-increasing waves of illegal immigration , with all the crime , corruption , and suffering that this implies . -LRB- Money to be made from the illegal traffic in people , by some estimates , already outstrips the profits of the illegal drug trade . -RRB-
WASHINGTON , DC -- At a time when the global economy is suffering from a crisis of confidence , structural imbalances , and subdued growth prospects , looking ahead ten years to predict the course of development requires careful modeling and something beyond sagacity .
Every winter , millions of people around the world suffering from flu-like illnesses visit their doctor .
But the memoirs of these rebellious vanguards of yesteryear highlight only their youthful passion and pure idealism , or their sufferings and those of their parents .
This month , I will ask UN ambassadors how they would spend $ 50 billion to reduce suffering .
Tadese is suffering from his second bout of malaria this year .
Cruelly , this is not the case for parts of Africa that are already suffering from hunger .
Baghdad 's long suffering population , with its majority of alienated Shi'ites and a million disaffected Kurds , is unlikely to remain unmoved by the imminent arrival of US and British troops .
Both involved terrible earthquakes that resulted in tremendous human suffering and large-scale physical damage .
For now , there is no reason to hope that Mailat will find through his crime a new start towards salvation through suffering and spiritual renewal .
Other examples come to mind : the accusations of collaboration with the secret police raised against Lech Walesa , Romania 's public controversies surrounding Mircea Eliade 's fascist past , and the attacks on the alleged `` Jewish monopoly of suffering '' which equate the Holocaust with the Soviet Gulag .
In Romania , some leading intellectuals publicly condemned the so-called `` Jewish monopoly of suffering '' -- part of an `` international conspiracy '' that had reached , once again , the territory between the Danube and the Carpathians .
With the LDP suffering from organizational sclerosis , Ozawa and some four dozen fellow legislators of the Tanaka faction broke away from the LDP in 1993 in a bid to build a two-party system .
Africa 's Diaspora to the Rescue DAKAR -- There is something dismally familiar about the tide of news reports concerning Africa 's increased suffering -- more poverty , malnutrition , civil strife , and death -- in the face of the recent global financial crisis .
One relates to the defenders of those suffering such obvious exploitation .
Such policies might well prevent disease , thereby saving money , reducing human suffering , and promoting healthier and more meaningful lives .
It has brought hope to millions of patients suffering from previously fatal organ failure .
First , in Afghanistan , NATO is in danger of suffering its first military defeat .
Faced with the urgent necessity of alleviating so many Americans ' suffering , Obama knows only too well that the `` audacity of hope '' will not be sufficient to the immensity of the challenges confronting him .
The temptation to `` appease '' suffering populations with populist , selfish measures may grow as the crisis deepens .
This indicates that for every 100,000 individuals suffering a heart attack or death from heart disease each year , 19,000 of these would be prevented if the average trans fat intake were reduced by approximately 40 calories\/day .
These are highly complex cases , frequently involving not only novel issues under international law , but also thousands of witnesses -- often traumatized by their suffering -- dispersed to many lands , the constant need for high-quality simultaneous translations , and disruptive tactics by some defendants .
Most important , of course , is the need to prevent the suffering caused by the crimes that lead to international prosecutions ; and when those crimes can not be prevented , we must provide some comfort and redress to the victims and their families by doing justice .
In the wake of Milosevic 's death , Karadzic and Mladic should be brought before the ICTY , both to reinforce its work and to demonstrate to their victims that the international community is resolved not to allow their suffering to be forgotten .
First , one should consider the severity of the crimes committed by those who would escape punishment . Second , we should consider how much death and suffering would be avoided by letting such a ruler and his henchmen go free .
Thanks to China 's collusion , the suffering of Burma 's people continues .
Aware of the ultra-nationalist threat from Jean-Marie Le Pen , who took second place in the 2002 presidential election , Sarkozy has said that he wants `` to talk to those who have moved toward the far right because they are suffering . ''
In no other Central European country did Communists experience the possibility of paying with their own lives for the suffering and oppression that they inflicted on others .
Yet a sober assessment of the difficulties ahead would have helped to avoid many of the mistakes that have proved to be so costly in terms of American lives and resources -- not to mention the suffering of Iraqis .
There is a sad zero-sum game between Palestinian suffering and Israeli sovereignty , security , and normal life .
Indeed , there is no symmetry of suffering on the two sides of the border .
Does the enemy 's civilian suffering trump Israel 's sovereignty ?
Brown , who became prime minister in 2007 , let spending and borrowing rip , so that when the global crash hit Britain was already suffering from a structural fiscal deficit and a credit bubble .
Are the risks so high that they justify the suffering that could have been avoided ?
So who can blame Russians for suffering from the reform fatigue ?
Great as the death toll , physical and emotional suffering of survivors , and property damage caused by the tsunami were , even greater losses could be inflicted by other disasters of low -LRB- but not negligible -RRB- , or unknown , probability .
At the same time , developing countries have continued to grapple with the persistence of mass poverty , endemic disease , malnutrition , environmental degradation , and gross income inequity , all of which have caused a degree of human suffering that far exceeds what has been caused by terrorist attacks .
Devoid of histrionics , without pretension -- `` simply by telling people what the dictator has done to this country '' -- she touched the hearts of freedom-loving Filipinos everywhere , the pain of the traumatic murder by the regime of her husband evoking in them memories of their own suffering and thwarted hopes .
Ignoring other people 's feelings -LRB- once called being naughty -RRB- means that the child is suffering from `` conduct disorder . ''
At worst , labor-market failures impose modest inefficiency costs on society , whereas capital-market failures harm society greatly , with workers , rather than the perpetrators of financial disaster , suffering the most .
For Blair , there is a moral unity between the interventions in Kosovo and Iraq , both of which he presents as examples of a post-Westphalian idea that powerful states are called upon to defend suffering communities globally , including by military means .
But the most prominent zombie may well be a broad cross-section of American consumers who are still suffering from the ravages of the Great Recession .
That raises the biggest question of all : lacking in Chinese demand for Treasuries , how will a savings-strapped US economy fund itself without suffering a sharp decline in the dollar and\/or a major increase in real long-term interest rates ?
Instead , emerging markets are suffering financial convulsions of possibly historic proportions .
Why else is Europe suffering a deeper recession than America , they complain , when everyone agrees that the US was the epicenter of the global financial meltdown ?
Still , even if other world leaders conclude that they can not support numerical targets , they must recognize the pain that the US is suffering in the name of free trade .
Most of these economies were suffering a loss of their export markets to low-wage Asia .
But many Serbs hold on to their sense of historical exceptionalism and unique suffering .
Historical denial is no less evident in Croatia , where the polarities of blame and suffering have simply been reversed .
Any losses or suffering that occurs as a result -- except perhaps to the leaders personally -- are a matter of indifference .
The use of development aid as a political stick merely deepens the suffering of impoverished and unstable countries , without producing the political objectives sought by donors .
Unlike East Asia and India , most of Latin America did not make a breakthrough to high-technology industries , instead suffering a period of low GDP growth , debt crises , and macroeconomic instability .
Bolivia has entered a new era of mass mobilization of its long-suffering but now victorious indigenous communities .
Quick-impact economic development is exactly what is needed now to help end the horrific violence and suffering in Darfur .
While a few energy-exporting countries in the Middle East and elsewhere reap huge profits , the rest of the world is suffering as the price of oil has topped $ 110 per barrel and that of coal has doubled .
These regions , including Sub-Saharan Africa and Central Asia , are suffering harshly from the global crisis , owing to falling export earnings , remittances , and capital inflows .
Poor regions are also suffering from climate changes such as more frequent droughts , caused by rich countries ' greenhouse-gas emissions .
After all , the rich are living better than ever , while the rest of American society is suffering .
Until those steps are taken , the world will remain dangerous and divided , with the poor suffering and dying unnecessarily , and instability and political upheaval will continue to reign .
In some cases their suffering can be alleviated mainly through better governance within their countries .
Although sanctions clearly create suffering in many places , how often have they achieved the desired goal ?
Starving Myanmar 's economy is unlikely to help , but it is certain to deepen the suffering of its people .
The nature of suffering around the world hardly justifies this narrow strategy .
In addition to isolation , other problems include droughts in Africa , where farmers depend on rainfall rather than irrigation , and high disease burdens in tropical countries suffering from malaria , dengue fever , and other killer diseases .
Let us pledge that the rich and powerful should take real actions to help the poor , the weak , and the suffering .
Africans suffering from hunger and drought , and indeed poor people everywhere , have a right to ask much more of the US and other rich countries .
First , the international community seems to be suffering from schizophrenia : whereas all countries solemnly affirmed their commitment to the MDGs , few have provided the means to achieve them .
In her devastating new book Mao : The Unknown Story , Jung Chang -LRB- author of the international bestseller Wild Swans -RRB- exposes startling new details that prove beyond doubt that Mao was a tyrannical , cruel hypocrite whose disregard for human lives and suffering surpassed that of even Stalin and Hitler .
When Japanese Prime Minister Kakuei Tanaka went to China in 1974 , he bowed deeply to the Chairman , apologizing for the suffering that invading Japanese had caused .
Part of Mexico 's problem is due to suffering two major financial crises since 1982 : the Less-Developed-Country Debt crisis of the early 1980 's and the peso crisis of 1994-95 .
Why are some of the world 's most advanced economies -- France , Germany , Italy , and Japan -- suffering stagnant growth and high unemployment ?
Nor does it rule out euthanasia if that is in the interest of individual apes whose suffering can not be relieved .
Last month , a highly reputable source confirmed that the Guantánamo prisoners are suffering from more than indefinite detention .
It is more difficult to compare the reduction of suffering brought about by correcting a facial deformity with saving a life .
If Golubchuk 's children can convince the court that their father is not suffering , the court might reasonably order the hospital to grant them custody of their father .
Yet a powerful reason for doubting this confronts us every day : the world contains a vast amount of pain and suffering .
If God is all-knowing , he knows how much suffering there is .
But this reply fails to deal with the suffering of those who drown in floods , are burned alive in forest fires caused by lightning , or die of hunger or thirst during a drought .
Christians sometimes attempt to explain this suffering by saying that all humans are sinners , and so deserve their fate , even if it is a horrible one .
In earlier times , when original sin was taken more seriously than it generally is today , the suffering of animals posed a particularly difficult problem for thoughtful Christians .
He first said that , because humans can live forever in heaven , the suffering of this world is less important than it would be if our life in this world were the only life we had .
Relatively insignificant as this suffering may be from the perspective of eternity , the world would be better without it , or at least without most of it .
I believe that we should n't really be focusing on inequality anyway . We should give priority to reducing unnecessary suffering .
All of this causes real suffering .
In most of the world , it is accepted that if animals are to be killed for food , they should be killed without suffering .
Whatever the explanation , the evidence is now accumulating that commercial fishing inflicts an unimaginable amount of pain and suffering .
PRINCETON -- In 2000 , the world 's leaders met in New York and issued a ringing Millennium Declaration , promising to halve the proportion of people suffering from extreme poverty and hunger by 2015 .
By contrast , the corresponding MDG was to halve the proportion of the world 's people who are suffering from hunger -LRB- as well as of those living in extreme poverty -RRB- .
Because the world 's population is rising , halving the proportion of people suffering from hunger -LRB- and extreme poverty -RRB- means that the number will not be halved .
Rising food prices -- possibly related to climate change -- have reversed past progress and last year briefly pushed the number suffering from hunger above the one-billion mark .
Tucker is the founder and president of GeoHazards International , a nonprofit organization whose mission is to reduce death and suffering due to earthquakes in the world 's most vulnerable communities .
Just as we can grasp the truth that 1 + 1 = 2 , so we can see that I have a reason to avoid suffering agony at some future time , regardless of whether I now care about , or have desires about , whether I will suffer agony at that time .
We can also have reasons -LRB- though not always conclusive reasons -RRB- to prevent others from suffering agony .
PRINCETON -- Mahatma Gandhi acutely observed that `` the greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated . '' To seek to reduce the suffering of those who are completely under one 's domination , and unable to fight back , is truly a mark of a civilized society .
Welcome as these initiatives are , the number of animals in circuses and zoos is tiny compared to the tens of billions of animals suffering in factory farms .
No embryos are capable of suffering , or have hopes or desires for the future that are abruptly cut off by their death .
At the moment , no country is truly suffering deflation , but that may change as the crisis deepens .
Japan provides good lessons about where the true risks are , as it has been suffering from deflation or near-deflation for 14 years .
While American casino capitalism has collapsed , and America 's European economic satellites are suffering , China seems to be taking advantage of the situation , increasing its trade surplus in the midst of the global economic crisis .
The sole exception is Ireland , which is suffering not from a lack of competitiveness , but from capital flight .
Families are being reunited , and , after years of suffering , there is finally hope for the future .
Especially in a time of crisis that has caused so much suffering , its decisions must be explained to the public clearly and without cacophony .
At the same time , Germany , suffering from the after-effects of reunification , had to tighten its belt .
In repeated visits to Argentina , I marveled at how long suffering the Argentineans were ; to me , it is more a surprise that unrest took so long to manifest itself , not that street turmoil unseated Argentina 's president .
One can not simply ignore the pleas of those who are suffering .
But if Europe can not do so , then perhaps it is better to admit failure and move on than to extract a high price in unemployment and human suffering in the name of a flawed economic model .
This , of course , will be painful for banks , but their pain will be nothing in comparison to the suffering they have inflicted on people throughout the rest of the global economy .
It has become fashionable among politicians to preach the virtues of pain and suffering , no doubt because those bearing the brunt of it are those with little voice -- the poor and future generations .
The response -- massive spending cuts -- ensures that unacceptably high levels of unemployment -LRB- a vast waste of resources and an oversupply of suffering -RRB- will continue , possibly for years .
In August 1998 , with the ruble 's devaluation , we tested the alternative , Keynsian hypotheses : production soared , and relatively quickly , showing that policies emphasizing excessive austerity had caused unnecessary idleness of human and physical resources , and unnecessary suffering .
Accordingly , risk is unavoidable : monetary policy that is too loose risks inflation ; if it is too tight , it can cause unnecessary unemployment , with all the suffering that follows .
With so many people in Iraq suffering so much in so many ways , it may seem callous to discuss the economic costs .
Perhaps no one knew or could know how much suffering would lie ahead , how vast the sacrifice would be , and how great the difference would be between the dream and the reality .
Even before the recent food price spikes , an estimated billion people were suffering from chronic hunger , while another two billion were experiencing malnutrition , bringing the total number of food-insecure people to around three billion , or almost half the world 's population .
It feels quite iniquitous that bankers , having helped cause today 's financial and economic troubles , are the only class that is not suffering from them -- and in many cases are actually benefiting .
In the case of Hamas , this displacement was due largely to the massive corruption of the Palestinian Authority under Yassir Arafat , whose cronies pocketed billions of dollars intended to alleviate poverty and suffering in the Gaza Strip .
Indeed , it is hard for most of us to imagine the scale of suffering and devastation inflicted on the Armenian people and their ancestral homelands .
Neither should there be excitement in civil disobedience , which is a preparation for mute suffering . ''
Mute suffering is fine as a moral principle , but only Gandhi could use it to bring about meaningful change .
Gandhi believed in `` weaning an opponent from error by patience , sympathy , and self-suffering . ''
But , while such an approach may have won Burma 's Aung San Suu Kyi the Nobel that eluded the Mahatma himself , the violence of the Burmese state proved far stronger in preventing change than her suffering has in fomenting it .
From the Japanese perspective , there was an `` account of victimization , '' in which `` atomic bombs have become the symbol of a specific type of suffering -- rather similar to the Holocaust for the Jews . ''
Tragedy : the word signifies not only suffering and distress , but the impossibility of redemption .
When enacted , human-rights advocates lauded it as a law that was going to end the suffering of Kenya 's disabled people .
We have sidestepped our duties both to our descendants and to the large number of people alive here and now in other parts of the world who are suffering the consequences of our myopia .
But Viktor Yanukovich , the current Ukrainian president , denies the special suffering of the Ukrainian people -- a nod to Russia 's official historical narrative , which seeks to blur the particular evils of collectivization into a tragedy so vague that it has no clear perpetrators or victims .
The unspeakable human suffering that they inflict is the same whatever flag they may bear .
Once again , the African Union , with the support of the UN , should provide the leadership that would demonstrate that Africa has the capacity and the will to resolve a great crisis in a manner that mitigates the suffering of African people .
Every aspect of our shared culture , if not the last century of shared suffering , confirms that for us .
But , unlike Japan 's Fukushima nuclear crisis , Chernobyl 's real lesson is not about nuclear-plant safety . It is about official arrogance and indifference to suffering , and a cult of secrecy that allows information to be shared only among a narrow elite obsessed with stability .
Having grown up in the USSR , I know that Soviet leaders practically made contempt for suffering and moral concerns a foundation of their philosophy of rule .
For the state official who turns his back on suffering , his country 's citizens lack consequence .
Indifference , by contrast , is never creative , for it means that no response to injustice , and no help for the suffering , will ever come .
From his prison cell awaiting his execution by Hitler 's Gestapo , Dietrich Bonhoeffer declared that we must all `` share in God 's suffering . '' Indifference for Bonhoeffer was not only a sin , but also a type of punishment .
We are united as a people and in our shared history of suffering .
Besides the human suffering , the economic costs of malnutrition are huge : according to the World Bank , countries where malnutrition is most prevalent lose , on average , between 2 % and 3 % of their GDP .
Citizens , facing unpaid salaries , frozen bank accounts and unemployment of 20 % , are suffering the consequences of two grand economic illusions .
Although psychiatrists tend to worry more about identifying potential patients in need of help and less about eliminating normal eccentricity and distress from diagnosis , it is crucial in any society that respects human variation and encourages individual moral responsibility to distinguish normal suffering and eccentricity from mental disorder .
Anyone with depressive symptoms for just two weeks after suffering a significant loss would be diagnosed with major depressive disorder , massively pathologizing normal intense grief .
Cabbage stalk soup and grass salad , sad to say , are likely to dominate the diet of North Korea 's long-suffering people for a long time yet .
The book caught the attention of both the elites and the mass public with its heart-breaking stories of the suffering endured by 900 million farmers and its bold criticism of the government 's rural policies .
Students of Weimar Germany know that sudden dislocations and shocks -- rapid urbanization , disruption of traditional family and social ties , loosening of sexual restrictions , and economic collapse -- primed many Germans to become receptive to simplistic theories that seemed to address their confusion and offer a larger meaning to their suffering .
But the poorer countries pay much of the `` costs '' - losing up to 8 % of their GDP per year due to environmental degradation , as well as suffering devastating effects on health and human welfare .
With Gaza suffering under a lengthy siege , Hamas leader Khalid Mashal said that there was no point in a new truce , since the old one had `` failed to lift the siege on Gaza . ''
More importantly , Hamas can demonstrate that its leaders have been on the front lines during this war , sharing Palestinian suffering ; many have been killed , along with their families .
Many Muslims also understand that the problem of Palestine , unsolved for three generations , goes beyond the suffering of the Palestinian people . They know that the region 's dictators have used Palestine to justify their misrule and to avoid political and economic liberalization .
Moscow , which used to rain gold on the economy , is also suffering , because it , too , depends on natural resources , and its biggest taxpayers -- Gazprom , Lukoil , Transneft -- are now in bad shape .
In the end , however , logic prevailed over escapism and hesitation , a ceasefire was signed , and we can only regret all the time that was lost and the unnecessary suffering on both sides .
But when tensions relax , the idea of taking up arms again becomes painful and unsupportable inasmuch as it means a return to the familiar and terrible experience of suffering .
For your own reasons that have nothing to do with our struggle , you encourage the extremism of Hamas , thus provoking Israel 's violent reaction , aggravating our suffering , and pushing back the solution that we all want .
By contrast , Israeli or American military action against Iran would risk worsening the situation , prolonging and intensifying the suffering in this very sensitive region of the world .
Demonstrations and meetings were organized . Posters were hung everywhere to remember the number of days of his ordeal . But the Shalit family is given the most credit : they left their home in a small village in Galilee to camp out for more than a year near the prime minister 's residence in Jerusalem , reminding the Israeli public of the victim 's suffering and pushing the government to accept Hamas 's conditions .
Although much of The Lucifer Effect examines how easy it is for ordinary people to be seduced into engaging in evil deeds , or to be passively indifferent to the suffering of others , the deeper message is a positive one .
