Hassan Yusuf , a Hamas leader who was recently released from an Israeli jail after 28 months of administrative internment , explained to Al-Jazeera that `` if Hamas assumed the leadership at this time , it would be vilified and isolated by the international community , and then the people would suffer . ''
If the Hamas-Fatah split brings about another territorial partition , Palestinians ' national aspirations will suffer their gravest setback in the last half-century .
The Armenians , who suffered the worst tragedy in 1915 , never forgot nor forgave .
Despite massive evidence of the widespread death , poverty , suffering , and dysfunction she and her late husband , the dictator Ferdinand Marcos , inflicted on the Philippines , the only real disappointment she has subsequently endured has been losing the last presidential election she was allowed to contest .
If oil prices decline in the future , the oil industry will suffer severely .
True , many African countries currently suffer from instability , state failure , regional strife , violent internal political competition , and other assorted ills , including , massacres and large-scale brutality , civil war , massive movements of refugees , economic disruption , and environmental damage .
Europe 's policy toward Africa may suffer shortcomings , but at least there is a policy , which is based on supporting African states and regional organizations like the African Union whenever practicable , necessary and , above all , requested .
These are shocking statistics , with huge implications for human suffering , health-care systems -LRB- and budgets -RRB- , and the international drive to reduce poverty .
The global nature of the current crisis makes it plain that Europe must be able to decide quickly and coherently , or suffer adverse consequences .
As citizens start relying on redistribution , productive work is discouraged , and real wealth creation suffers .
Fortunately , Brazil 's stock exchange has suffered less than other emerging-market bourses from the financial turbulence in the US and elsewhere .
Women and children suffer the most in times of conflict .
Solidarity suffered that frustration in Poland in 1980-81 , which prolonged communist rule for a decade .
East Europeans suffered from high private-sector debt , which they largely avoided transforming into public debt .
They are also now suffering from water shortages and a budget deficit that has been exacerbated by declining oil revenues .
Sharks , too , are suffering from rapidly rising demand for shark-fin soup , which is considered a delicacy in many parts of Asia .
It means that the Iraqi people will continue to suffer - both from Saddam 's brutalities , as well as from the consequences of the sanctions caused by his continued rule .
For this reason Iraq -- even before Saddam Hussein -- always suffered the most repressive regime of any Arab state .
Since then , the Kurds have suffered under the despotic rule of rival ethnic groups .
If not , at the very least , the injustice suffered by the Kurdish people for generations would , at long last , be rectified .
Consider what the Greek Cypriot community has achieved - a thriving economy , no one living under conditions of misery and humiliation in camps , membership in the European Union - compared to the catastrophe the Palestinian choice has brought to their own people . Perhaps on the level of public relations , the Palestinian leadership - sacrificing their own people on the altar of propaganda - can bask in their achievement : yet it is their own people who suffer .
In 1993 , after the Oslo agreements , the Palestinian Authority established under Yasir Arafat became another militarized authoritarian regime , very much like Syria and Egypt , and did nothing to alleviate the suffering of the Palestinian refugees .
Notwithstanding these failures , Turkey 's strategic stature did not suffer , partly because the diminution of US engagement under President Barack Obama enabled Turkey to fill the ensuing regional power vacuum .
We all stand to suffer significantly from the effects of climate change , including increased droughts , floods , and other extreme weather conditions .
We all stand to suffer significantly from the effects of climate change including increased droughts , floods and other extreme weather conditions .
In fact , the US stress tests did n't attempt to estimate the losses that banks have suffered on many of the `` toxic assets '' that have been at the heart of the financial crisis .
Instead , supervisors estimated only losses that banks can be expected to incur on loans -LRB- and other assets -RRB- that will come to maturity by the end of 2010 . They chose to ignore any losses that banks will suffer on loans that will mature after 2010 .
Reforming pay arrangements in ways such as those proposed here would help ensure that firms and the economy do n't suffer in the future from the excessive risk-taking that has contributed to bringing about the financial crisis .
But it suffers from the major global players ' profound skepticism , with the US , Russia , and , for that matter , the EU shown no real enthusiasm for it .
The old continent suffers from two guilt complexes that have much to do with Israel : the colonial and the Jewish complex .
The Government of Southern Sudan suffers from serious financial constraints , owing to unrealistic assumptions about its oil revenues .
That was clearly the case with Richard Nixon , who never suffered from an excess of love for Jews , but was nonetheless one of the staunchest allies that Israel ever had in the White House .
Nevertheless , both the Mediterranean Dialogue and the Istanbul Initiative suffer from the lack of a real multilateral culture of cooperation in security matters among the main regional players .
Though the Dominican Republic suffers from its own social and economic maladies -- it is itself an exporter of emigrants to the US , Puerto Rico , and Spain -- it certainly has a role to play in Haiti 's reconstruction .
As Islamist democracies whose governments emerge from popular elections , Iran and Turkey -- and their Hamas and Hezbollah allies -- can claim an advantage over the incumbent Arab regimes , all of which suffer from a desperately yawning legitimacy deficit .
As for the Palestinians , the gap between the colossal tragedy of the Nakbah -LRB- the lost war at Israel 's founding -RRB- and the poverty of a territorial solution that sandwiches their demilitarized mini-state between Israel and Jordan -- neither suffering from excessive love for Palestinian statehood -- is bound to remain an open wound .
But maximal security -- for example , an insufferably long timetable for withdrawal , unreasonable territorial demands wrapped up as security needs , an Israeli presence in the Jordan valley , and full control of Palestinian airspace and the electromagnetic spectrum -- would inevitably clash with Palestinians ' view of what sovereignty entails .
But Bush 's strategy suffers from serious inconsistencies .
The EU also suffers from a well-known lack of capacity in strategic air transport , in-theater air transport , and combat support .
Five countries are expected to suffer double-digit declines in GDP .
While Central and Eastern Europe has been the emerging-market region to suffer the most in the crisis , it has generally avoided the currency collapses , systemic banking failures , and spikes in inflation that were the staple of previous crises .
As wages grew faster than productivity in the run-up to the crisis , competitiveness also suffered , and domestic demand became the main engine of growth .
The country now suffering them is Iraq , the power that helped impose them is the United States .
If Great Powers go to war , it is generally because their leaders fear their credibility would suffer otherwise .
Mr. Bush 's international credibility , they should emphasize , does not suffer through avoiding a war but gains further through controlling Iraq 's hitherto covert military effort .
Couple this with a form of foreign policy schizophrenia -- some Poles think that by `` simply existing '' we influence Europe 's fate ; others suffer crippling pessimism , consigning Poland to permanent `` second-class '' status -- and you have a recipe for inertia .
While international support in a time of crisis demonstrates a seemingly innate moral response to the suffering of others , it also highlights with disquieting clarity that the same level of empathy is more difficult to evoke when a crisis is chronic instead of sudden , unexpected , and dramatic .
As foreign aid stands to suffer from cutbacks around the world , we must remember that malaria is a `` natural disaster '' that is devastating communities every second of every day .
Add to this the drop in output in advanced countries , and you can see how emerging countries now suffer from both higher credit costs and decreased export demand .
And low-income economies are suffering from higher food and fuel prices , which feature heavily in households ' consumption baskets .
Now only a few sectors suffer from excess capital accumulation . Firms are ready to invest again .
BUENOS AIRES -- Today 's global currency war resembles real war in two important respects : a face-off over the structural imbalances between two large opponents -- China and the United States -- has forced uncomfortable smaller allies to take one side or the other , and third parties that may not be directly engaged are suffering collateral damage from both sides of the dispute .
For example , three medical afflictions that create especially acute and enduring distress -- clinical depression , chronic pain , and sleep disorders -- are all conditions that can often be treated successfully , to the vast relief of sufferers .
As the sociologist Norbert Elias put it : `` The spectators of a football match can enjoy the mythical excitement of battles taking place in the stadium , and they know that neither the players nor they will suffer any harm . ''
According to the World Health Organization , some 130 million women have , over the last few years , suffered from genital mutilation in some form .
This carries great promise , in particular , for sufferers of spinal cord injuries and diseases .
PALO ALTO -- Europe is suffering from simultaneous sovereign-debt , banking , and currency crises .
This time , virtually every economy is suffering substantially and the banking crisis is global .
Patients suffering from rare disorders have adopted this approach .
In May , he admitted during a live television broadcast that he suffers from a kidney ailment , but sought to quell rumors that he was terminally ill by insisting that fears for his health are greatly exaggerated and politically motivated .
More strikingly , both Bolivia and Ecuador are governed by presidents who suffered directly from the collateral insensitivities of the war on drugs .
So must mitigation . In the cruel calculus of disasters , those least responsible for causing climate change will suffer first and worst from its inevitable effects .
-LRB- Psychological research shows that torture causes serious psychological trauma to its victims , whose families often suffer negative consequences as well . -RRB-
Public anger at the charges coming from America and Britain about Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence -LRB- ISI -RRB- increased as round-the-clock television coverage showed the devastation and suffering caused by floods in the country 's northwest , the worst in more than 80 years .
Its commander , General Ashfaq Pervez Kayani , whose tenure in office was recently , and unusually , extended for an additional three years , was alone among Pakistan 's senior leaders in visiting the flood-affected areas and showing concern about the suffering .
Indifference to suffering is not inherent to any Asian culture .
In some ways , Chinese minorities in Southeast Asia have shared some of the hostility suffered by Jews in the West .
So they suffered a double loss .
There may be things that Western powers can do to alleviate the suffering , by offering aid to refugees , for example , or use the latest technology to keep lines of information open .
But , he says , that outcome would mean further violence : `` The compensation for suffered harm invariably brings new harm , often more cruel than what came before . ''
Global hopes to reduce child and maternal mortality , combat HIV\/AIDS , and achieve universal primary education are damaged by the fact that one in seven girls in the developing world -- and it is overwhelmingly girls who suffer this fate -- are married before they reach age 15 . Child marriage also thwarts ambitions to eliminate extreme poverty and promote gender equality .
Most of India 's big poor states - Bihar , Madhya Pradesh , Orissa , Rajasthan , and Uttar Pradesh - suffer from a combination of relatively slow economic growth and rapid demographic growth .
But the environment has been suffering .
Finally , because it is mostly civilians that have suffered and are still suffering in Georgia , it is imperative for the world community to promote a lasting solution , as is stipulated in the agreement promoted by French President Nicolas Sarkozy .
The extremely tight race -- Calderón won by 0.5 % of the vote -- and the profound disappointment suffered by López Obrador and his supporters led them to contest the ruling of Mexico 's electoral authorities , and to refuse to acknowledge Calderón 's victory .
Other changes -- a counter-productive electoral reform , a minor revenue-enhancing tax reform , and hypothetical oil-sector reform -- all suffer from Calderón 's penchant for minimalism : enacting legislation seems more important to him than the content .
Moreover , Chávez has suffered several regional setbacks recently , and all have domestic repercussions .
To begin , the presumed causes of homosexuality are shrouded in pseudo-scientific theories and psycho-babble : homosexuals supposedly suffer from hormonal imbalances , or were sexually abused as children , or constitute an indeterminate `` third sex '' that is neither male nor female , or had absent fathers and over-protective mothers .
Ukraine suffers from the sharp drop in global demand and trade , severely undermining its steel industry .
Pain is a familiar experience for everyone , but its nature remains a troubling enigma for sufferers and scientists alike .
She reminds physicians that , for the person suffering intense pain , what dominates awareness above all else is a powerful negative emotion .
Pakistan suffers from internal strife and is prone to seeing conspiracies against it that include virtually all of its neighbors and often the US .
But boosters of caste politics claim that it is not economic deprivation but the social backwardness from which these castes have historically suffered that makes caste reservations necessary .
In fact , the whole population of the lower castes did not suffer from an equal degree of ritual handicap .
Rivero , who has lost much weight , has circulatory problems , and Espinosa suffers from a worsening liver disease .
By contrast , India 's location next to the Af-Pak has left it far more vulnerable , and the country has since suffered a series of major attacks -- from the assault on its parliament in December 2001 to the terrorist siege of Mumbai in 2008 .
Asia has suffered more casualties from the rise of international terrorism than any other region .
Of course , Taiwan 's parlous relations with China have suffered further as a result , with China 's government denouncing calls for a new constitution as a calculated move towards independence .
The wood frog can survive long periods of freezing temperatures without suffering cell damage .
Brazilian , Colombian , and Egyptian youngsters who work in brickyards often suffer irreparable spinal damage from carrying heavy loads .
The ILO contends that children suffer greatly when they are forced to perform as `` small adults . ''
Having suffered from disruptions in oil and gas supplies following disputes between Russia and Ukraine and then Belarus , the EU 's members have finally understood that their survival depends on their capacity to diversify their energy sources .
In the past , those dreams brought only underdevelopment , dictatorship , nationalism and untold amounts of suffering .
In fact , EU regulations demand that pigs be raised and killed as humanely as possible , in order to make them suffer as little as possible .
Indeed , most people can not afford proper medication , and hospitals suffer from gross under-funding .
A leading journalist , Cristian Tudor Popescu , reproached animal rights defenders for their moral relativism and insensitivity to human suffering .
At the moment , Afghanistan 's drug lords are prospering , and rural communities are suffering .
Four years ago this month , Zenawi 's Ethiopian People 's Revolutionary Democratic Party -LRB- EPRDF -RRB- suffered its worst loss at the polls since the former guerrilla overthrew a ruthless , Soviet-backed regime in 1991 .
The real question is whether democracy could really have done the trick , and then , whether missiles and tanks are the right method to bring democracy to a country that has suffered dictatorial rule for a long period of time .
He bore his suffering since the assassination attempt of 1981 with dignity .
Occasionally , newspapers report that an old person has been found dead after days , having suffered a lonely demise from illness or even starvation .
Francis Fukuyama 's End of History and Samuel Huntington 's Clash of Civilisations appeared within a mere three years of each other in the 1990 's , and a decade later the return of religion to politics is visible for all to see -- and for many to suffer .
The drubbing that many governments suffered in the recent elections to the European Union Parliament places them in a difficult position as they maneuver ahead of this week 's EU Summit .
Today , we have next to no hard-money lobby , almost all investors have substantially diversified portfolios , and nearly everybody suffers mightily when unemployment is high and capacity utilization and spending are low .
As industries suffering from insufficient demand shed workers , industries benefiting from surplus demand hire them .
The aggressive foreign policy pursued by Wilhelmine Germany , the perverse suffering inflicted on Russia by Lenin and Stalin , the terrors of Mao , the dictatorships of Mussolini and Franco , and the monstrous Nazi regime all occurred during this transition .
As the US current-account deficit rose over the past half-decade , international economists have lined up to predict doom : returns on assets invested in the US are relatively low , so at some point - probably all at once - holders of dollar-denominated securities will realize that the risk of suffering a major crash in value is not being adequately compensated .
First , investors , recognizing that the dollar is overvalued and that they are likely to suffer large losses when it returns to its fundamental value , could start selling their Treasury bonds , corporate bonds , and mortgage-backed securities .
But if the Fed refuses to accommodate inflation produced by a dollar collapse and accepts a depression in the belief that the long-run benefits of maintaining its credibility as a guarantor of price stability will come before we are all dead , American equities will suffer .
Economists have proposed three explanations for why macroeconomic catastrophes have not caused more human suffering and deranged long-run economic growth over the past generation .
Lula becomes a failure and Brazil loses another decade as its economy sinks into a depression of uncertain length and suffers inflation of uncertain magnitude .
Of course investors who believe that their wealth is securely liquid , and that they are adding value for themselves by buying and selling are suffering from a delusion .
And any attempt to make investment bankers suffer more last fall and winter would have put the entire support operation at risk .
Today , it suffers one of the world 's biggest gaps between haves and have-nots .
Constructive economic engagement will benefit ordinary North Koreans , who have suffered as much as any people on Earth since the Cold War 's end .
While liberalization was promoted in the late 1980 's and embraced during the 1990 's , food markets in the developed world remained highly protected , with Latin American countries suffering the consequences .
The International Monetary Fund and central banks should increase liquidity in a coordinated fashion in the form of short-term credit to emerging-market economies suffering from cuts in capital inflows and export earnings .
Over the past few months , the Tigers have suffered a series of devastating blows .
In addition to the prospect of enormous human suffering , severe economic , political , and social pressures now threaten to overwhelm and destabilize developing countries , triggering conflict on an unprecedented scale .
With more than 40 million people living in poverty and 7,000 killed in drug-related violence last year , Mexico will need to reform quickly to address what the virus has brought to light : a government far removed from the suffering of ordinary people and too frequently insensitive to their plight .
The results have become increasingly obvious and painful : an economy that has suffered more severely in the global crisis than its neighbors to the south ; a rent-seeking business elite that is unaccustomed to competition ; public and private monopolies that no one seems to have the political will to dismantle ; and corporatist pacts that siphon off public resources to unproductive unions , thwarting productivity and growth .
Ireland has been assigned a negative outlook and could soon suffer a downgrade as well .
The Internet 's Immune System NEW YORK -- Viruses , phishing , spyware , spam , denial-of-service attacks , botnets ... You have probably heard these words , and perhaps even suffered from what they signify , with or without knowing it .
They are technically savvy organizations with the ability -LRB- more or less -RRB- to protect users and detect abusers ; they have a direct -LRB- though impersonal -RRB- relationship with their users ; and they compete for users ' business , so that , unlike governments , they will suffer if they perform badly .
Mexico and Central America will also suffer from the long recession .
With the United States , Europe , and Japan still suffering post-crisis hangovers , this issue can be safely left to the country that chairs the G-20 in 2011 .
Foreign central banks are suffering capital losses on their unthinking investments .
In countries like Italy , already suffering from Chinese competition , and Spain , which is experiencing a massive housing bust , the pain will be excruciating .
A society can bear only so much pain and suffering before it loses faith in its political system .
But this was now politically feasible , because aid topped up the public coffers , reducing the depth of the necessary cuts and the associated pain and suffering .
Afterward , many of the women find themselves utterly alone as they suffer the physical and psychological effects of trauma and cope with destitution , unwanted pregnancies and children , HIV\/AIDS , and ostracism by their loved ones who shun them as `` diseased '' or `` tainted . ''
You can not build lasting future relations between countries that have each in their own way suffered so much , without coming to terms with the past .
Both countries suffer from Russian trade embargoes on their most important export products -- wines and foodstuffs .
Expectations and confidence in democracy , the market economy , and the larger European project have suffered as well .
If sex reassignment surgery can relieve a person 's suffering , then the question of whether or not it is treating a conventionally defined illness seems beside the point .
Many of us would resist such a world -- not because such a world would be unjust , or because it would lead to more pain and suffering , but because of the extent to which it has been planned and engineered .
There is not a single plaque commemorating the Leningrad KGB 's victims near the site of their suffering .
Moreover , because Putin 's `` contextual '' history subordinates Soviet-era suffering to the purpose of fighting the Great Patriotic War , his number mixes those who died in battle fighting for the USSR with those whom the Soviets killed through mass murder , deportation , and forced labor .
If the adjustment came abruptly , Chinese companies would suffer a sudden loss of competitiveness and no longer be able to export .
While most major economies in their early stages of growth suffered crises , China 's story seems abnormal -LRB- or accidental -RRB- , and has elicited periodic predictions of an `` upcoming crash . ''
But , while that figure is down now to about 30 % , rural education has continued to suffer from inadequate funding and human capital relative to urban , industrializing regions . That caused rising inequality between the urban privileged and the rural poor .
As is often the case in natural disasters , the poor are suffering the most .
Now , the first priority must be a full and immediate ceasefire to end the suffering of unarmed civilians and make way for peace .
There is no doubt that China currently is suffering from the global collapse in demand for a wide range of manufactured products .
If the EU is divided on an issue lying at its geographic heart -- and at the heart of its interests -- its credibility as a foreign policy actor on matters beyond its borders will suffer dramatically .
The poorer EU countries will suffer from this development .
Should Germany spurn the first part of this formula , the European project would suffer serious damage -- and so will German national interests .
From 1990 to 2005 , Germany struggled with high unemployment , slow growth , and low competitiveness , and Europe 's economy suffered as a result .
This could happen because , in the long run , the EU wo n't be able to withstand its conflicts of interest and the resulting process of `` renationalization '' in all member states without suffering grave damage .
Governments really have no choice : they must take responsibility and exercise power , even if it requires swimming against the tide of public opinion -- and especially if it can help alleviate the social suffering brought on by the crisis .
If `` more extensive '' means piecemeal limited commitments that will eventually be exhausted , the scheme runs the risk of creating losses -LRB- just as the Bundesbank would have suffered losses had it engaged in limited defense of weak ERM currencies -RRB- .
The fence is not only a physical reminder of the divide between the area 's peoples , but also a cause of suffering for innocent Palestinians who are cut off from their fields , their jobs , and their families .
Nor should all Palestinians suffer as though they acted as a single entity , posing a collective terrorist threat .
Whenever governments lose moral authority , as when their police seize evidence in violation of the Constitution , their case for conviction suffers .
Guilt represents a debt . The proper response to such a debt is to suffer punishment or to pay reparations to the victims .
American shame would be salutary if it led Americans to realize that they live in an interdependent world where nations can not undertake unilateral military adventures without suffering unexpected disasters .
The large emerging countries , although they will suffer disproportionately from wilder weather and rising sea levels , show little interest in picking up the slack .
As monks , we believe in alleviating suffering wherever we see it , as part of the vows we have taken .
We could not ignore our people 's suffering .
As former French Prime Minister Pierre Mauroy put it in 1981 , when he refused to cancel a gas deal with the USSR over the imposition of martial law in Poland , `` Should the suffering of French people deprived of gas be added to the suffering of Polish people deprived of freedom ? ''
If the neo-liberal Washington Consensus has been forgotten , perhaps it was n't because its tenets were misguided , but because the world offered an opportunity to realize the most important of them without having to suffer the humiliation of a shrinking economy .
In Russia 's recent parliamentary elections , which were - regardless of various reservations - conducted according to democratic standards , parties advocating political and economic freedom suffered painful defeat , while parties proclaiming hostility to the rule of law and modern pluralist democracy were successful .
Of course , reforming and democratizing the Iraqi political system is not impossible . On the contrary , the Iraqis have suffered more than most and have learned the hard way the perils of authoritarianism and oppression .
Iraq 's children have suffered more than just successive wars and economic sanctions .
Not surprisingly , Iraq 's child workers suffer from a wide array of serious health problems .
Iraqi girls suffer no less than boys -- and often more .
As a result , significant amounts of income are transferred from consumers to small groups protected by the law . Worse , the whole economy suffers from chronic sclerosis .
It typically means , as DeBakey experienced and as his physicians anticipated , an extended hospitalization marked by reliance on machines , multiple complications , and considerable suffering .
Is it reasonable for 99 or perhaps 999 people to suffer for days or months , only to die from complications of surgery , because one person might live ?
Their many victims will rightly seek some form of accounting - at a minimum , an official record of the crimes they suffered .
Despite the intifada , the number of settlers has decreased in only a few of the 144 settlements , and there are over 7,000 settlers in the Gaza Strip alone , in 16 communities occupying 20 % of an impoverished land already suffering one of the highest population densities in the world .
By 2100 , one billion to three billion people worldwide are expected to suffer from water scarcity .
Activists from public movements , journalists , ecologists , businessmen , and ordinary people who had suffered the tyranny and corruption of public officials began to join in .
While sectors such as insurance , tourism , and airlines will likely suffer , others stand to benefit .
Turkey has suffered from rising oil prices , falling tourism income -LRB- its second-largest source of foreign exchange -RRB- , and declining foreign investment .
The prize is higher living standards for Russia 's long-suffering people and a recovery in the country 's international standing .
BRUSSELS -- Two years after the world economy suffered a nervous breakdown in the wake of the collapse of Lehman Brothers , global financial markets remain unsettled , and the recovery that started so vigorously in 2009 seems to be stalling .
The German authorities feared that the country 's export-oriented economy would suffer from the wide exchange-rate swings that are the norm for global reserve currencies .
While China and the US battle it out , each trying to retain its own `` exorbitant privilege , '' Europe seems to be stuck in the middle , suffering from the same disadvantages of the US position , but enjoying none of its privileges .
Intense and long suffering , Argentines know how to create universal heroes like Eva Perón and Ché Guevara .
Maybe the most important point -- and a key difference with the Clintons -- is that this experiment begins in an Argentina that suffers from great institutional vulnerability .
Having suffered the oppressive practices of Turkey 's `` secular '' state and recognizing that human rights must be protected across-the-board , the AKP emerged as a credible interlocutor with the West .
Achieving this will not come without suffering .
Either we will write this history ourselves , or we will suffer through a dark era that could have been avoided .
Iraq : More than an American Problem Many people around the world are indulging in what the Germans call `` schadenfreude '' : pleasure at the suffering of others .
The pleasure appears to be derived from the suffering the United States is enduring after four years of efforts to stabilize Iraq .
The Chinese need to see how they benefit from inclusion -- and how they would suffer from not being one of the countries shaping and buttressing today 's international institutions .
Unfortunately , Iraq has become a breeding ground for radical Islam , owing to the brutality that the Iraqi people suffered under Saddam and now at the hands of the occupation forces .
Alhough the Bank of China curtailed its lending growth to only 6 % last year because of concerns about credit quality , many new local banks have expanded their lending aggressively , and could now suffer huge losses as the economy slows and firms ' solvency weakens .
Cyprus suffers from being a second-order problem , one that occasionally flares up , only to be damped down again with short-term palliatives .
If the government of Pakistan and its friends do not accept that this human suffering was preventable , a chain of similar disasters will take place as army action heats up in Waziristan and other parts of the country .
For to end friction and suffering the crisis-ridden Middle East needs more than troops -- a reality that has been recognized in previous conflicts around the World .
Funding from the EU and from member states has helped to alleviate suffering , while compassionate community-building efforts by European individuals and organizations have highlighted the true closeness of all who share a common Mediterranean history .
Non-believers often have as strong and sound a sense of right and wrong as anyone , and have worked to abolish slavery and contributed to other efforts to alleviate human suffering .
They should show that they will neither ignore his practices nor neglect the suffering of Cuban prisoners of conscience .
Referendum Farce in Burma PRAGUE -- The enormous suffering of the Burmese people caused by the recent cyclone , which has caused tens of thousands of deaths , deserves the sympathy of the entire world .
The military-run referendum will not bring democracy to Burma , nor will it help the Burmese people , who now are suffering not only from the authoritarian regime and poverty , but also from a grave natural disaster and its totally inept handling by the cynical generals .
The suffering and wanton destruction of people 's lives , the despair and absence of human dignity in this region have gone on for too long .
The first is based on studies suggesting that schizophrenia patients suffer from reduced brain connectivity .
The brains of schizophrenia sufferers may be vulnerable to becoming `` stuck '' in these hallucinatory states .
Rising from the table , the American-educated Karadzic raged in passable English about the `` humiliations '' his people were suffering .
· Third , after ending the grueling sanctions , from which Iraqi civilians have long suffered , the occupying forces should concentrate on rebuilding Iraq politically and economically , along the lines of the post-WWII occupations of America 's enemies .
Millions of people remain impoverished , face discrimination , and suffer long-lasting trauma even after the guns fall silent .
Those suffering the most are the billion people who survive on a dollar or less a day .
Intestinal parasites such as roundworm , whipworm , and hookworm strip iron from sufferers ' guts , causing disease and intellectual retardation .
Parents whose child is seriously ill , spouses who discover their partners ' extramarital affairs , or workers unexpectedly fired from valued jobs are defined as suffering mental disorders if they develop enough symptoms to meet the DSM criteria .
Al Jazeera journalists are household names ; they also suffer more harassment , imprisonment , and fatalities than their colleagues at other major news organizations .
Making matters worse , the country has suffered this year from both floods and drought .
This combination of insecurity and natural disasters has displaced huge numbers of people and caused suffering on a scale painful to behold .
Yet , even at times when fighting is less intense Congo suffers from the indirect effects of the war .
Europeans , meanwhile , suffer from their aversion to immigration , their children 's increasing avoidance of math , science , and engineering , and the fact that the EU is closing itself off from internal competition in services , one of the most competitive sectors in the world economy .
Obviously , given the degree of suffering and public anxiety that variant CJD has caused , the possibility that it is receding is welcome news .
The transition to democracy promised freedom and prosperity to all who had suffered in communism 's stranglehold .
The Roma , and Europe , have suffered a great defeat .
But some of the children urinated blood , others have suffered long-term health problems , and at least six died .
Second , inflows of new workers bring substantial benefits as well as losses : in France , which suffers a shortage of some 6,000 plumbers , there must be plenty of households that would be pleased to find someone qualified to do repair work .
First , it promises more effective risk management , because large banks are less exposed to a single sort of customer -LRB- in contrast to rural American banks , which suffered when American farmers suffered -RRB- .
And California , too , is suffering massive fiscal difficulties and declining competitiveness in some of the industries in which Californians were once pioneers .
While Mexico had a petroleum-based boom in the wake of the second oil-price shock of the 1970 's , Argentina suffered from economic mismanagement under a military dictatorship that then staged its disastrous invasion of the Falkland Islands\/Malvinas .
Aside from the infrastructure damage and civilian suffering and death implied by the cynical term `` collateral damage , '' all wars have environmental effects .
Reports about the tsunamis that devastated Southeast Asia barely a month ago have understandably been dominated by tales of death , suffering , and the physical destruction of infrastructure .
It may seem cruel or cold-hearted to focus on such environmental outcomes in the wake of vast human loss and suffering .
Because of the dispersion , shrimp , squid , and some fish populations suffered , with fisheries hit even harder .
It is a safe bet that shrimp and squid populations will suffer , as they did in the Ixtoc case , but so is a close-to-complete recovery within a limited number of years .
As the worst recession since the1930 's continues , both the American and Chinese economies are bound to suffer further setbacks .
Many Chinese , on the other hand , tend to think that the US is suffering from severe case of conceited superpower syndrome .
They still remember the suffering of the Mao years , when China headed in the wrong direction -- and tried to do too much too quickly -- and they vividly recall how the Tiananmen protests brought the regime to its knees , and how urban labor unrest erupted when centrally managed state businesses were merged or closed down in the 1990 's .
A European politician heads the IMF , its board of directors is far more weighted towards Europe than is justified by Europe 's economic relevance , and it is rushing to ease lending conditions to Europe just as EU members are suffering deep insolvency problems .
But a sovereign default would require a much larger bank bailout than in Greece , potentially leaving private debt almost worthless if official debt has seniority . Total haircuts do n't happen historically -- except in the wake of communist takeovers -- but it is hard to imagine that private creditors wo n't suffer huge losses in net present value .
In this context , `` resolution '' means that a bank 's managers are fired , shareholders are wiped out , and unsecured creditors can suffer losses .
Likewise , the tradition of female circumcision is still a common practice in African countries such as Guinea , Sudan , Mali , Somalia , and Eritrea , where more than 85 % of young women suffer from it .
His official visits to China and South Korea -- two key countries with which relations suffered under the administration of Junichiro Koizumi -- came within a week of his taking office and at a moment of crisis , with North Korea setting off an underground nuclear blast .
Even as China grows richer and more powerful , memories of its past suffering and humiliation at the hands of the West and Japan remain alive - particularly because the Communist Party finds such memories so useful .
President Vladimir Putin remains a fairly effective international communicator . Yet Russia suffered several obvious defeats in 2004 that tarnished its image and undermined its standing in the world .
Russians should not lose heart ; but unless we understand the reasons for these failures , and make drastic corrections to our foreign policy , we are doomed to continue suffering defeats and losing status and influence , if not worse .
But the West would also suffer , for a new `` instability arch '' along the Russian-Ukrainian border would kill the idea of establishing an alliance of the world 's large powers against new threats and revive rivalry between blocs of a different kind .
Unfortunately , for the past two years , Pakistan has been suffering as much or perhaps more than Afghanistan has suffered . Almost the entire tribal belt along the Pakistan\/Afghanistan border is suffering .
Pakistan 's new president , Asif Ali Zardari , has suffered from terrorism as we have suffered .
Burma is suffering the impact of decades of civil war .
With so many of them graduating from universities , they suffer from a mismatch between their qualifications and the jobs on offer .
It is ironic to see Iran 's radical Islamist president portray himself as open to resuming US-Iran relations and suffer for it at the hands of a supposedly pragmatic Supreme Leader .
They are suffering huge financial losses by boycotting the courts , and yet they are determined that the Chief Justice must be reinstated .
As a result , many institutions had to write off much of their loan portfolios and take heavy losses , sending shock waves through the industry and the investor community -- and causing the poor to suffer .
Although the whole world has suffered severely from the crisis , Ukraine was hit worse than most countries , as international demand for steel , which accounted for 42 % of exports in the first half of 2008 , collapsed .
The pain and suffering arising from last year 's earthquake was already enormous , and has since been compounded by Hurricane Tomas and an outbreak of cholera . Now there is growing tension surrounding the just completed election .
My homeland , South Korea , has suffered the ravages of conventional war and faced threats from nuclear weapons and other WMD .
More than a billion people continue to suffer from neglected tropical diseases -- often easy to prevent and easy to control .
To illustrate this point , I draw on my personal experience as the care-giver for my wife , who suffers from a severe neurodegenerative disorder that has impaired her memory and motor functions , restricting her independence .
Care-giving , as illustrated by our case , includes what happens when hope and consolation are abandoned , when theodicy ends , and when all there is to do is to be present with the sufferer , sharing his or her suffering by simply -- and usually silently -- being there .
For patients and families faced with health catastrophes and serious chronic medical conditions , the experience of suffering is not just a personal one , but is strongly influenced by cultural and historical changes in the processes that contribute to moral life being distinctive in different eras and societies .
Faced with a threat of pain , disfigurement , loss of function , and serious disability , individuals and families reframe the experience of suffering within their local moral world by remaking meanings , emotions , and values via ethical , religious , and aesthetic activities .
Unless that changes quickly , the result will be continued suffering and death for millions of people around the world .
Speaking at the United Nations plenary meeting this September , Kan said that his government seeks to achieve a `` society in which human suffering is reduced a minimum . '' National security is treated as a low-grade issue .
And , because the affected regions were already suffering from depopulation and rapid aging -- problems typical of much of today 's Japan -- recovery will require a new rural-development program that moves the country away from its Tokyo-centric economic model .
Today , however , Japanese driving schools suffer from a fall-off in students , which can not be explained solely by declining population .
Jacques Chirac -- another of Europe 's great euro and ECB bashers -- also suffered a severe personal reversal at the polls when the French rejected the EU Constitution .
We must develop a spirit of compassion with those who suffer , with special care for the children , the aged , the poor , the disabled , the refugees , and the lonely ;
The suffering that so many people are enduring leads to pressure for reform , and Obama has shrewdly transformed these pressures into a political force .
Economic development in the Gaza Strip was limited under Egyptian rule , and the region suffered the burden of absorbing Palestinian refugees fleeing the fighting in the southern part of mandatory Palestine , which would later become Israel .
In the aftermath of Israel 's assault on Gaza , Palestinians hoped that Israel would choose a leader who would focus on the need to end the suffering , lift the siege , and begin rebuilding .
The major stumbling block for the world in trying to relieve the suffering in Gaza is how to finesse the biggest bloc in the Palestinian Legislative Council , Ismael Hanieh 's Islamist list of Reform and Change .
The conference , it appears , succeeded in reuniting and reinvigorating the movement , which has suffered since the death of its founder and long-time leader , Yasser Arafat .
Even with the tradable sector suffering due to the strong yen , capital-market liberalization meant that the capitalized value of future income streams , particularly from land , soared , as the interest rate at which they were discounted fell .
By the 1990 's experts were calling it `` the disorder of the decade , '' insisting that as many as one in five Americans suffers from it .
We would have to set the thresholds for psychiatric diagnosis a lot higher , resurrecting the distinction between chronic illness and mild suffering .
As the two sides collide , the country suffers : the outcome of the water war has meant that the poor still use the same dirty and expensive water , while the result of the gas war could mean that we remain without new export revenues .
Their opponents focus on the disruptive effects of immigration , particularly among the most vulnerable citizens in countries that already suffer from high unemployment .
So today 's entry barriers , particularly in Europe , will produce ever-increasing waves of illegal immigration , with all the crime , corruption , and suffering that this implies . -LRB- Money to be made from the illegal traffic in people , by some estimates , already outstrips the profits of the illegal drug trade . -RRB-
Wen Jiabao wrote recently in Sichuan that `` more hardship will arouse the country , '' evidently believing that the Chinese may still need to suffer further in order to realize political progress .
WASHINGTON , DC -- At a time when the global economy is suffering from a crisis of confidence , structural imbalances , and subdued growth prospects , looking ahead ten years to predict the course of development requires careful modeling and something beyond sagacity .
Every winter , millions of people around the world suffering from flu-like illnesses visit their doctor .
But the memoirs of these rebellious vanguards of yesteryear highlight only their youthful passion and pure idealism , or their sufferings and those of their parents .
So many people suffered that it is difficult to count the number of victims accurately .
During the 2004 hurricane season , the Dominican Republic , which has invested in hurricane shelters and emergency evacuation networks , suffered fewer than ten deaths .
This month , I will ask UN ambassadors how they would spend $ 50 billion to reduce suffering .
Tadese is suffering from his second bout of malaria this year .
Cruelly , this is not the case for parts of Africa that are already suffering from hunger .
It is part of the everyday life of many citizens -- even part of their identities -- that they suffer from an expensive health problem .
Baghdad 's long suffering population , with its majority of alienated Shi'ites and a million disaffected Kurds , is unlikely to remain unmoved by the imminent arrival of US and British troops .
Another reason is that ordinary citizens suffer when debts are not canceled , when financial assistance is not forthcoming , or when trade barriers are raised .
Both involved terrible earthquakes that resulted in tremendous human suffering and large-scale physical damage .
By contrast , Muslims fatally weakened their ability to defend themselves by neglecting , even rejecting , the study of allegedly secular science and mathematics , and this myopia remains a fundamental source of the oppression suffered by Muslims today .
Developing countries , particularly those in Asia , will suffer the worst consequences of global warming : storm damage , rising sea levels , and massive refugee flows .
We will all ultimately pay dearly , in human and financial terms , if we fail to ensure that these peace processes lead to long-term stability for societies that have already suffered far too much , for their immediate neighbors , and for the world at large .
Egypt suffers from another political handicap : it is an Arab country , and there are no Arab democracies .
For now , there is no reason to hope that Mailat will find through his crime a new start towards salvation through suffering and spiritual renewal .
Other examples come to mind : the accusations of collaboration with the secret police raised against Lech Walesa , Romania 's public controversies surrounding Mircea Eliade 's fascist past , and the attacks on the alleged `` Jewish monopoly of suffering '' which equate the Holocaust with the Soviet Gulag .
In Romania , some leading intellectuals publicly condemned the so-called `` Jewish monopoly of suffering '' -- part of an `` international conspiracy '' that had reached , once again , the territory between the Danube and the Carpathians .
Japan 's Treacherous Bureaucrats Much has been made of the massive defeat Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's Liberal Democratic Party suffered in the recent election to Japan 's Upper House .
With the LDP suffering from organizational sclerosis , Ozawa and some four dozen fellow legislators of the Tanaka faction broke away from the LDP in 1993 in a bid to build a two-party system .
The DPJ suffered a bitter defeat in this summer 's upper-house election , after Kan abruptly proposed a significant increase in the highly unpopular consumption tax .
Even now , the Swahili dialect of Mombasa is called Ki-mvita , and its people coined the proverb `` Ndovu wawili wakipigana , ziumiazo na nyasi '' -LRB- When two elephants fight , it is the grass that suffers -RRB- .
Africa 's Diaspora to the Rescue DAKAR -- There is something dismally familiar about the tide of news reports concerning Africa 's increased suffering -- more poverty , malnutrition , civil strife , and death -- in the face of the recent global financial crisis .
Fishery resources are over-exploited ; animal husbandry suffers a similar lack of rigorous management ; and the country spends a fortune buying the meat and milk that it could easily produce for itself if farmers had the proper incentives .
One relates to the defenders of those suffering such obvious exploitation .
But consider Argentina , which suffered a deep four-year depression , beginning in 1998 .
Africa 's economy may grow , but Africans will continue to suffer .
Such policies might well prevent disease , thereby saving money , reducing human suffering , and promoting healthier and more meaningful lives .
It has brought hope to millions of patients suffering from previously fatal organ failure .
This owes much to the humiliations that Russia suffered when the end of communism forced its economy to its knees , and to Western short-sightedness about Russia 's fundamental strengths and resilience .
Much of Europe already suffers from under-performing labor markets in which job seekers and would-be employers either ca n't or wo n't find one another .
German-American relations suffered a devastating blow when Schröder stoked the country 's overwhelmingly pacifist attitudes .
Although the proliferation of bilateral trade agreements around the world is a positive development , the global economy will suffer enormously if these deals end up coming at the expense of comprehensive agreements , which can do exponentially more to foster global growth .
But the argument should not be about whether to provide aid -- no one can question the many successes that aid has brought , or its importance in providing a safety net for those who would otherwise be left to suffer .
And even larger yet is the total cost suffered by the economy -- including output and job losses , and the attendant destruction of material and immaterial capital , which , according to the Bank of England 's Andrew Haldane and others , could rise to a multiple of annual GDP .
As usual , the people who suffer are those who most need the world 's attention .
Countless people will needlessly suffer and die as a result of the arbitrary , unscientific restrictions now imposed on our ability to help them to help themselves .
Hundreds of millions suffer from other neglected tropical diseases , including lymphatic filariasis and cholera .
Thus , to expect the same death rate in such patients as in the general population would be like blaming insulin for decreased longevity in diabetics -LRB- who suffer cardiac and renal disease more frequently than non-diabetics -RRB- .
Indeed , their serene patience stands in stark contrast to the anxious reticence of Russian leaders , who have yet to surmount the humiliation that Russia suffered as a result of the Soviet Union 's disintegration at the end of the Cold War .
Energy wealth gives them a sense of unique opportunity , the conviction that time is playing in their favor , and that they can now redress the humiliations they have suffered from the outside world .
First , in Afghanistan , NATO is in danger of suffering its first military defeat .
Faced with the urgent necessity of alleviating so many Americans ' suffering , Obama knows only too well that the `` audacity of hope '' will not be sufficient to the immensity of the challenges confronting him .
The temptation to `` appease '' suffering populations with populist , selfish measures may grow as the crisis deepens .
Europe suffers from a shortage of leaders who can speak in its name ; from a shortage of ambition -LRB- what , after all , is the collective ambition of Europeans now that the EU is perceived more as part of the problem than part of the solution -RRB- .
But , above all , Europe suffers from an identity deficit , for no one seems to know what it means to be a European nowadays .
Yet , because of that anomaly , Europe suffers from a grave deficit of legitimacy and presence internationally .
This indicates that for every 100,000 individuals suffering a heart attack or death from heart disease each year , 19,000 of these would be prevented if the average trans fat intake were reduced by approximately 40 calories\/day .
A coterie of experts , says the hospital 's director , found that Mr. Cao suffers from `` paranoid psychosis . ''
European industry is also a vital factor in European defense integration , but it suffers from fragmented demand , counterproductive intra-European trade regulations , and a mostly outdated Cold-War military infrastructure .
Politicization is important because the two countries that were hardest hit , Indonesia and Sri Lanka , both suffer armed conflicts in tsunami-hit regions .
Of course , civil liberties were bound to suffer in the wake of the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
These are highly complex cases , frequently involving not only novel issues under international law , but also thousands of witnesses -- often traumatized by their suffering -- dispersed to many lands , the constant need for high-quality simultaneous translations , and disruptive tactics by some defendants .
Most important , of course , is the need to prevent the suffering caused by the crimes that lead to international prosecutions ; and when those crimes can not be prevented , we must provide some comfort and redress to the victims and their families by doing justice .
In the wake of Milosevic 's death , Karadzic and Mladic should be brought before the ICTY , both to reinforce its work and to demonstrate to their victims that the international community is resolved not to allow their suffering to be forgotten .
NEW YORK -- Perhaps no country on earth -- not even Iraq , Afghanistan , or Sudan -- has suffered more gravely from armed conflict in the past decade and a half than the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
First , one should consider the severity of the crimes committed by those who would escape punishment . Second , we should consider how much death and suffering would be avoided by letting such a ruler and his henchmen go free .
Thanks to China 's collusion , the suffering of Burma 's people continues .
In fact , perhaps Ukraine , too , is beginning to suffer its own form of revolutionary hangover .
Since its independence from Belgium in 1962 , Burundi has suffered five episodes of what amounts to the same civil war .
Kenya has suffered the inevitable democratic backsliding , the continued corruption , and the unfulfilled reform agendas that remain persistent themes elsewhere on the continent .
Right now , the international relief efforts in Haiti are rightly focused on the country 's urban areas , which suffered most in the earthquake .
What Do Muslim Women Want ? NEW YORK -- When caricature takes the place of dialogue , everyone suffers -- especially when it comes to understanding issues affecting women , who struggle worldwide against being silenced .
According to the report , the General Assembly has lost vitality , the Security Council must be more proactive , the Commission on Human Rights suffers from a legitimacy deficit , the Secretariat should be more professional and better organized , and major institutional gaps hinder responses to economic and social threats to international security .
In addition , China 's economy suffers from inefficient state-owned enterprises , a shaky financial system , and inadequate infrastructure .
India benefits from democratic politics , but suffers from overly bureaucratized government .
As Thucydides put it in his history of the Peloponnesian War , `` The strong do as they will and the weak suffer what they must . ''
Small neighbors without options will suffer , but Europe may not .
When the dust settled , it turned out that American , Dutch , and other importers all suffered roughly the same degree of shortfall and paid the same damaging high price .
Aware of the ultra-nationalist threat from Jean-Marie Le Pen , who took second place in the 2002 presidential election , Sarkozy has said that he wants `` to talk to those who have moved toward the far right because they are suffering . ''
China would not only lose the value of its dollar reserves , but would suffer major unemployment .
As French President Charles de Gaulle once complained , `` since the dollar is the reference currency everywhere , it can cause others to suffer the effects of its poor management .
In addition , even though studies suggest that the short-term , directly measurable economic benefits at the national level are relatively small , and unskilled workers may suffer from competition , skilled immigrants can be important to particular economic sectors .
Japan 's economy has suffered two decades of slow growth because of the poor policy decisions that followed the collapse of the country 's massive asset-price bubble in the early 1990 's .
In the 1990 's , North Korea suffered extreme famine , which probably killed 1-2 million people , and even today North Korea depends on China for food and fuel .
For decades , India suffered from what some called the `` Hindu rate of economic growth '' of a little over 1 % per year .
In 2010 , for example , as China became more assertive in its foreign policy toward its neighbors , its relations with India , Japan , and South Korea suffered .
Even if China suffers no major domestic political setback , many current projections based on GDP growth alone are too one-dimensional : they ignore US military and soft-power advantages , as well as China 's geopolitical disadvantages in the internal Asian balance of power .
Moreover , even if China suffers no major domestic political setback , many current projections are based simply on GDP growth .
In no other Central European country did Communists experience the possibility of paying with their own lives for the suffering and oppression that they inflicted on others .
Yet a sober assessment of the difficulties ahead would have helped to avoid many of the mistakes that have proved to be so costly in terms of American lives and resources -- not to mention the suffering of Iraqis .
It is critically important that this does not lead to a new lost decade of development , and that poor households -- especially children -- do not suffer as they did in the 1980 's .
How many poor children will suffer -- or die -- from lack of food and health care ?
Unfortunately , this wonder of nature has recently suffered an indignity .
There is a sad zero-sum game between Palestinian suffering and Israeli sovereignty , security , and normal life .
Indeed , there is no symmetry of suffering on the two sides of the border .
Does the enemy 's civilian suffering trump Israel 's sovereignty ?
Whereas oil speculators have gained , both the US and global economies have suffered and been pushed closer to recession .
The reality is that world trade would suffer far greater damage from the global economic fallout of a Big Three bankruptcy .
Despite the discrimination and poverty that immigrants often suffer initially , barriers to economic and political participation are relatively low .
Indeed , on average , China suffers a major water pollution accident every other day .
But China also has suffered a century 's worth of environmental damage in 30 years .
The second application of Groucho 's question was that citizens of most Communist countries soon learned that the loss of freedom that they suffered was not compensated by greater prosperity or a higher quality of life .
Then the madness of the Cultural Revolution , when millions suffered terribly , many died , and many more behaved disgracefully as Mao sought to destroy those who had rescued China from his earlier follies .
Why , she asked herself , had her family suffered so much if it was only to prepare the way for this ?
Brown , who became prime minister in 2007 , let spending and borrowing rip , so that when the global crash hit Britain was already suffering from a structural fiscal deficit and a credit bubble .
Conditions in Gaza are harsh and the population does suffer .
Lack of clean water also limits safe rehydration of diarrhea or fever sufferers .
We want these wrongdoers to suffer .
Unlike EU members admitted during earlier rounds of enlargement , the Central Europeans suffer from widespread corruption , political nepotism , fragile political parties with unclear identities , and weak civil societies .
But this approach suffers from a fatal fallacy : if booms are fueled by underestimation of risks , and regulation is made more sensitive to the estimation of risks , booms will be bigger and busts deeper .
Most countries in post-conflict situations suffer from weak fiscal positions , rendering the provision of internally financed subsidies impractical in most cases .
Are the risks so high that they justify the suffering that could have been avoided ?
It is only because the EU is fragmented , so markets started off by questioning the solvency of the weakest countries within it , and because Europe does not benefit from a safe-haven effect that it was the first to suffer the pressure .
Both have suffered from the crisis , but not in the same way .
So who can blame Russians for suffering from the reform fatigue ?
Great as the death toll , physical and emotional suffering of survivors , and property damage caused by the tsunami were , even greater losses could be inflicted by other disasters of low -LRB- but not negligible -RRB- , or unknown , probability .
If Vick were never to play football again , he would suffer punishment well beyond that imposed by the court .
On a smaller scale , European countries like Germany , Poland , and the Czech Republic have also suffered serious flooding .
Many bankers also suffered direct losses as their banks collapsed , or as investigations exposed them to public ridicule , and even jail .
But if the price of oil falls , citizens suffer a loss of income and wealth -LRB- relative to having invested the money elsewhere -RRB- .
But when an easily extractable , government-controlled resource accounts for a large share of national output , democracy can suffer .
Dimona has produced all the plutonium that Israel reasonably needs , and the reactor -- one of the world 's oldest -- has suffered minor mishaps and evident deterioration , raising the specter of more serious accidents .
America 's former adversaries either became preoccupied with consolidating or sharing power , suffered domestic defeat , or confronted neighboring states .
None of these American exits was without consequence . But , while the US suffered costs to its reputation around the world , the supposed advantages from this for America 's opponents proved illusory .
Over the years `` avoiding ... the ultimate consequences '' through limitations butted against the bitter legacy of the surprise attacks suffered by both the US and Russia in World War II .
At the same time , developing countries have continued to grapple with the persistence of mass poverty , endemic disease , malnutrition , environmental degradation , and gross income inequity , all of which have caused a degree of human suffering that far exceeds what has been caused by terrorist attacks .
Devoid of histrionics , without pretension -- `` simply by telling people what the dictator has done to this country '' -- she touched the hearts of freedom-loving Filipinos everywhere , the pain of the traumatic murder by the regime of her husband evoking in them memories of their own suffering and thwarted hopes .
Ignoring other people 's feelings -LRB- once called being naughty -RRB- means that the child is suffering from `` conduct disorder . ''
CAMBRIDGE -- Who will suffer the longest and the most from the implosion in 2008-2009 of Wall Street and the ensuing world recession ?
Advanced Europe , Canada , and Japan also suffered major job losses that will last for a long time .
In the early 1990 's , Sweden suffered a huge recession precipitated by a housing bubble and a banking crisis .
In 1997 , Korea suffered not only from the Asian financial crisis , but also from insistence by the US and the International Monetary Fund that it raise interest rates and undertake `` Washington Consensus '' - style reforms to receive aid .
Young people seeking their first jobs and experienced workers who lose jobs in a weak job market suffer economic losses that will last their entire lives .
At worst , labor-market failures impose modest inefficiency costs on society , whereas capital-market failures harm society greatly , with workers , rather than the perpetrators of financial disaster , suffering the most .
For Blair , there is a moral unity between the interventions in Kosovo and Iraq , both of which he presents as examples of a post-Westphalian idea that powerful states are called upon to defend suffering communities globally , including by military means .
But the most prominent zombie may well be a broad cross-section of American consumers who are still suffering from the ravages of the Great Recession .
That raises the biggest question of all : lacking in Chinese demand for Treasuries , how will a savings-strapped US economy fund itself without suffering a sharp decline in the dollar and\/or a major increase in real long-term interest rates ?
Women do not suffer some divinely mandated inferior status vis-à-vis men .
The other factor is that France , like the rest of the world , suffers from an ill-managed form of globalization .
As a result , France suffers from growing inequality , high and still-rising unemployment , constant corporate restructurings entailing layoffs , threats to public services and social welfare programs , and a general feeling of insecurity .
When countries suffer from low investment demand , freeing up capital inflows does not do much good .
Poor countries suffer from a multitude of growth constraints , and effective reforms address the most binding among them .
In other words , global markets suffer from weak governance , and therefore from weak popular legitimacy .
Instead , emerging markets are suffering financial convulsions of possibly historic proportions .
The Chinese economy 's dynamism is highly dependent on exports , which would suffer greatly from a collapse of emerging markets .
When domestic needs become paramount , global economic cooperation suffers .
Rich-country households have suffered a momentous loss of wealth -LRB- amounting to tens of trillions of US dollars -RRB- .
The interwar period , which suffered from a similar crisis of leadership , produced not only a collapse of globalization , but a devastating armed conflict on a global scale .
Given that WTO rules tie China 's hands on industrial policy , how much of a growth penalty would the Chinese economy suffer if the renminbi were to appreciate ?
But the rest of us suffer from too much financial globalization , not too little .
Having suffered a deeper economic collapse in 2009 than the United States did , Europe 's economy is poised for a much more sluggish recovery -- if one can call it that .
Political stability and economic growth will both suffer .
And South Africa suffers from a shockingly high level of unemployment .
There is a strong sentiment that academics and institutions that collaborated with such an odious regime -- often with the encouragement of their governments , no doubt -- suffered a grave lapse of judgment .
Second , since the world market for raw cashews is less competitive than that for processed cashews , Mozambique suffered a loss in its external terms of trade .
When a country finally suffers through austerity and repays its IMF loans , no rich private shareholder gets fat as a result .
Outside Africa , the people who will suffer the most are those in countries like Brazil , India , China , and Mexico , whose leaders rightly took on rich-country farm subsidies , but wrongly failed to recognize the profound costs of the developing world 's own import restrictions .
Ordinarily , as the world comes out of a downturn and global interest rates rise , at least one or two emerging market countries suffers a spectacular blowup .
Yet the Colombian government notes that all Colombians suffer from rebel violence -- union members actually experience less of it than the rest of the population .
Why not the auto and steel industries , or any of the other industries that have suffered downturns in recent years ?
Indeed , the currency of any country that is significantly dependent on commodity exports has suffered .
As for the yen , it , too , will suffer from the continuing rise in Japan 's public debt levels , which are already among the highest in the world .
Why else is Europe suffering a deeper recession than America , they complain , when everyone agrees that the US was the epicenter of the global financial meltdown ?
The horrible computerized telephone-answering systems that we all now suffer with might actually improve .
If it can , then perhaps watching other countries suffer will help convince the local political elite to consent to adjustment .
Even with the `` success '' of the bailouts , countries suffered massive output losses due to recessions and sustained subpar growth .
Japan also suffered a number of severe productivity shocks , which had much to do with its longer-term problems .
Still , even if other world leaders conclude that they can not support numerical targets , they must recognize the pain that the US is suffering in the name of free trade .
That record adds even more ignominy to the sense of loss suffered by the loved ones of those who died or remain missing .
The result might be a longer stay within the new ERM , but without the crises that the original eurozone members suffered .
Japan suffered a decade-long near-depression because of its failure to clean up the banks .
Most of these economies were suffering a loss of their export markets to low-wage Asia .
Seventh , in countries where private and public debt levels are unsustainable -- household debt in countries where the housing boom has gone bust and debts of governments , like Greece 's , that suffer from insolvency rather than just illiquidity -- liabilities should be restructured and reduced to prevent a severe debt deflation and contraction of spending .
Japan also suffers from low potential growth , owing to a lack of structural reforms and weak and ineffective governments -LRB- four prime ministers in four years -RRB- , a large stock of public debt , unfavorable demographic trends , and a strong yen that gets stronger during bouts of global risk aversion .
In such a world , recovery in the stronger emerging markets -- the great hope for the global economy -- will suffer , because no country is an island economically .
Thus , China did not suffer a severe recession -- as occurred in Japan , Germany , and elsewhere in emerging Asia in 2009 -- only because fixed investment exploded .
Eventually , most likely after 2013 , China will suffer a hard landing .
The official approach , Plan A , has been to pretend that these economies suffer a liquidity crunch , not a solvency problem , and that the provision of bailout loans -- together with fiscal austerity and structural reforms -- can restore debt sustainability and market access .
And emerging markets will suffer once the US contraction and global slowdown undermines commodity prices .
There was also excess in the securitized products that converted these debts into toxic financial derivatives ; in borrowing by local governments ; in financing for leveraged buyouts that should never have occurred ; in corporate bonds that will now suffer massive losses in a surge of defaults ; in the dangerous and unregulated credit default swap market .
But many Serbs hold on to their sense of historical exceptionalism and unique suffering .
Historical denial is no less evident in Croatia , where the polarities of blame and suffering have simply been reversed .
Any losses or suffering that occurs as a result -- except perhaps to the leaders personally -- are a matter of indifference .
Until now , while Gazans have suffered from the constant fighting and economic failures brought about by their leaders ' policies , they have been left alone in their private lives .
Gaza has suffered from anarchy ; now it will be under the heel of a ruthless dictatorship .
Africa suffers simultaneously from three challenges that trap it in poverty .
Second , Africa suffers from disease unlike any other part of the world .
The use of development aid as a political stick merely deepens the suffering of impoverished and unstable countries , without producing the political objectives sought by donors .
Unlike East Asia and India , most of Latin America did not make a breakthrough to high-technology industries , instead suffering a period of low GDP growth , debt crises , and macroeconomic instability .
Bolivia has entered a new era of mass mobilization of its long-suffering but now victorious indigenous communities .
Yet the Nordic states have thrived , not suffered , from a large social welfare state , with much less public-sector corruption and far higher levels of voter participation than in the US .
Quick-impact economic development is exactly what is needed now to help end the horrific violence and suffering in Darfur .
While a few energy-exporting countries in the Middle East and elsewhere reap huge profits , the rest of the world is suffering as the price of oil has topped $ 110 per barrel and that of coal has doubled .
Although their households have suffered to some extent from the fall in equity prices , they not only can continue to grow , but they can also increase their internal demand to offset the decline in exports to the US .
Consumers are pulling back from home and automobile purchases not only because they have suffered a blow to their wealth with declining stock prices and housing values , but also because they do n't know where to turn .
These regions , including Sub-Saharan Africa and Central Asia , are suffering harshly from the global crisis , owing to falling export earnings , remittances , and capital inflows .
Poor regions are also suffering from climate changes such as more frequent droughts , caused by rich countries ' greenhouse-gas emissions .
For example , Pakistan , an already arid country , will suffer under the pressures of a rapidly rising population , which has grown from 42 million in 1950 to 184 million in 2010 , and may increase further to 335 million in 2050 , according to the UN 's `` medium '' scenario .
After all , the rich are living better than ever , while the rest of American society is suffering .
When people are hungry , deprived of basic needs such as clean water , health care , and education , and without meaningful employment , they suffer .
The mass media have become outlets for corporate `` messaging , '' much of it overtly anti-scientific , and Americans suffer from an increasing range of consumer addictions .
The poor have suffered from job losses and cuts in government services .
Until those steps are taken , the world will remain dangerous and divided , with the poor suffering and dying unnecessarily , and instability and political upheaval will continue to reign .
Economic growth tends to suffer : when poor households have many children , the education given to each child also tends to be reduced .
In some cases their suffering can be alleviated mainly through better governance within their countries .
A strong international peacekeeping force , agreed by the UN , and perhaps led by the US or NATO , must be placed between the warring sides , and must be prepared to suffer losses to terrorists in the service of peace .
In Iraq during the 1990 's , millions of children suffered repeated illnesses and vast numbers died because international sanctions contributed to ruining the country 's economy .
Although sanctions clearly create suffering in many places , how often have they achieved the desired goal ?
Starving Myanmar 's economy is unlikely to help , but it is certain to deepen the suffering of its people .
As a landlocked Andean country , Bolivia suffers its own special distress .
The nature of suffering around the world hardly justifies this narrow strategy .
In addition to isolation , other problems include droughts in Africa , where farmers depend on rainfall rather than irrigation , and high disease burdens in tropical countries suffering from malaria , dengue fever , and other killer diseases .
Let us pledge that the rich and powerful should take real actions to help the poor , the weak , and the suffering .
Africans suffering from hunger and drought , and indeed poor people everywhere , have a right to ask much more of the US and other rich countries .
As US citizens and businesses continue to suffer the results of climate change -- heat waves , droughts , hurricanes , and floods -- more and more Americans , including an increasing number of business leaders , will press America 's political leaders for real action .
There is no question that pathologies like heart disease , pneumonia , or diabetes have a large impact on a sufferer 's sense of self and place in the community .
Like the Lebanese , Iraqis have suffered enough .
With 5 % of the world 's population and the bulk of the world 's oil and gas , the Arab world nonetheless lags behind most of the rest of the world , and suffers from what can best be termed `` educational poverty . ''
Despite a democratic tradition dating to 1830 , Colombia has suffered a bloody 40-year insurgency by the narco-terrorists of the so-called Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia -LRB- FARC -RRB- , and the National Liberation Army -LRB- ELN -RRB- .
Down the ages , the appearance of those with the disease , and the absence of a known cure , contributed to the fear that it caused -- and thus to the stigmatization of its sufferers .
For example , the Principles and Guidelines note that people affected by leprosy , including sufferers ' family members , are entitled to the same rights as everyone else with respect to marriage , family , and parenthood .
As a result , `` there can be no genuinely honest and friendly dialogue with those countries that suffered considerable damage and casualties in the wars with Japan . ''
In Haiti , which still suffers from underdevelopment , political turmoil , and the effects of destructive hurricanes , Ban appointed former US President Bill Clinton as his Special Representative to help deal with the country 's plight .
Conversely , the poor are the first to suffer from deterioration of their natural environment .
First , the international community seems to be suffering from schizophrenia : whereas all countries solemnly affirmed their commitment to the MDGs , few have provided the means to achieve them .
In her devastating new book Mao : The Unknown Story , Jung Chang -LRB- author of the international bestseller Wild Swans -RRB- exposes startling new details that prove beyond doubt that Mao was a tyrannical , cruel hypocrite whose disregard for human lives and suffering surpassed that of even Stalin and Hitler .
When Japanese Prime Minister Kakuei Tanaka went to China in 1974 , he bowed deeply to the Chairman , apologizing for the suffering that invading Japanese had caused .
And , unlike Thailand , all of them had suffered from war or internal strife .
Insurance companies have not penetrated many of the regions that suffered the greatest losses .
But crop insurance suffers from what economists call a `` moral hazard , '' because it reduces farmers ' incentives to ensure the crop 's success .
Throughout the world , people suffer from a serious perception error that has inhibited them from taking concrete steps to protect themselves from inflation or deflation .
Part of Mexico 's problem is due to suffering two major financial crises since 1982 : the Less-Developed-Country Debt crisis of the early 1980 's and the peso crisis of 1994-95 .
Nevertheless , an outside observer might have been struck by the weight given to the possibility that the decade-long boom might well suffer a real reversal , followed by serious declines .
The stock market suffered one of its biggest one-day drops this year on the 20th anniversary of the 1987 crash , with the S&P 500 falling 2.56 % .
Why are some of the world 's most advanced economies -- France , Germany , Italy , and Japan -- suffering stagnant growth and high unemployment ?
That lower price would be a bane to investors but a boon to Japanese , compensating them for the losses that they have suffered .
A paper written last year by Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff , called `` Growth in a Time of Debt , '' has been widely quoted for its analysis of 44 countries over 200 years , which found that when government debt exceeds 90 % of GDP , countries suffer slower growth , losing about one percentage point on the annual rate .
But the pound had already suffered irreparable damage .
Nor does it rule out euthanasia if that is in the interest of individual apes whose suffering can not be relieved .
Welby , who suffered from muscular dystrophy and was paralyzed , had battled unsuccessfully in the Italian courts for the right to die .
Last month , a highly reputable source confirmed that the Guantánamo prisoners are suffering from more than indefinite detention .
The study , led by Saba Moussavi and published last month in The Lancet , also revealed that depression has more impact on the physical health of those who suffer from it than major chronic diseases like angina , diabetes , arthritis , and asthma .
Treating depression is often , if not always , effective , and without it , those who suffer from depression can not live happy , fulfilling lives .
Kaczynski 's government suffered a heavy defeat .
It is more difficult to compare the reduction of suffering brought about by correcting a facial deformity with saving a life .
If Golubchuk 's children can convince the court that their father is not suffering , the court might reasonably order the hospital to grant them custody of their father .
Yet a powerful reason for doubting this confronts us every day : the world contains a vast amount of pain and suffering .
If God is all-knowing , he knows how much suffering there is .
But this reply fails to deal with the suffering of those who drown in floods , are burned alive in forest fires caused by lightning , or die of hunger or thirst during a drought .
Christians sometimes attempt to explain this suffering by saying that all humans are sinners , and so deserve their fate , even if it is a horrible one .
But infants and small children are just as likely to suffer and die in natural disasters as adults , and it seems impossible that they could deserve to suffer and die .
For animals also suffer from floods , fires , and droughts , and , since they are not descended from Adam and Eve , they can not have inherited original sin .
In earlier times , when original sin was taken more seriously than it generally is today , the suffering of animals posed a particularly difficult problem for thoughtful Christians .
The seventeenth-century French philosopher René Descartes solved it by the drastic expedient of denying that animals can suffer .
He first said that , because humans can live forever in heaven , the suffering of this world is less important than it would be if our life in this world were the only life we had .
Relatively insignificant as this suffering may be from the perspective of eternity , the world would be better without it , or at least without most of it .
He would ensure that the American public knew how the error occurred , and that whoever was responsible for it suffered the usual consequences that befall senior officials who make what was -- to put the best possible interpretation on it -- a grave error of judgment .
Refocusing Medical Research PRINCETON -- In an ideal world , the amount of money we spend on medical research to prevent or cure a disease would be proportional to its seriousness and the number of people who suffer from it .
I believe that we should n't really be focusing on inequality anyway . We should give priority to reducing unnecessary suffering .
All of this causes real suffering .
In most of the world , it is accepted that if animals are to be killed for food , they should be killed without suffering .
Whatever the explanation , the evidence is now accumulating that commercial fishing inflicts an unimaginable amount of pain and suffering .
PRINCETON -- In 2000 , the world 's leaders met in New York and issued a ringing Millennium Declaration , promising to halve the proportion of people suffering from extreme poverty and hunger by 2015 .
By contrast , the corresponding MDG was to halve the proportion of the world 's people who are suffering from hunger -LRB- as well as of those living in extreme poverty -RRB- .
Because the world 's population is rising , halving the proportion of people suffering from hunger -LRB- and extreme poverty -RRB- means that the number will not be halved .
Rising food prices -- possibly related to climate change -- have reversed past progress and last year briefly pushed the number suffering from hunger above the one-billion mark .
If talented children stay away , the quality of the production will suffer , to the detriment of the others who take part -LRB- and of the audience that will watch it -RRB- .
Tucker is the founder and president of GeoHazards International , a nonprofit organization whose mission is to reduce death and suffering due to earthquakes in the world 's most vulnerable communities .
Just as we can grasp the truth that 1 + 1 = 2 , so we can see that I have a reason to avoid suffering agony at some future time , regardless of whether I now care about , or have desires about , whether I will suffer agony at that time .
We can also have reasons -LRB- though not always conclusive reasons -RRB- to prevent others from suffering agony .
PRINCETON -- Mahatma Gandhi acutely observed that `` the greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated . '' To seek to reduce the suffering of those who are completely under one 's domination , and unable to fight back , is truly a mark of a civilized society .
Welcome as these initiatives are , the number of animals in circuses and zoos is tiny compared to the tens of billions of animals suffering in factory farms .
Nim suffered various other vicissitudes -- and narrowly escaped being infected with hepatitis as part of a medical experiment -- until he was eventually released to an animal sanctuary , where he died in 2000 .
No embryos are capable of suffering , or have hopes or desires for the future that are abruptly cut off by their death .
If immigration countries suffer from chronic unemployment because wages are overly generous and rigid , as seems the case in most West European countries , migrants who find work will simply displace nationals from their jobs .
In Germany , which suffered from hyper-inflation in 1923 , there is widespread fear that people will again lose their savings and need to start from scratch .
At the moment , no country is truly suffering deflation , but that may change as the crisis deepens .
Japan provides good lessons about where the true risks are , as it has been suffering from deflation or near-deflation for 14 years .
While American casino capitalism has collapsed , and America 's European economic satellites are suffering , China seems to be taking advantage of the situation , increasing its trade surplus in the midst of the global economic crisis .
As a result , European banks have suffered from massive write-offs on toxic American securities .
Conversely , Germany , which has suffered from relative deflation and a long slump under the euro , will experience an inflationary boom that will reduce its competitiveness and current-account surplus .
While the US no longer suffers from rising unemployment , the current 9.5 % jobless rate is very high for the US , roughly double its level before the recession .
The sole exception is Ireland , which is suffering not from a lack of competitiveness , but from capital flight .
On the contrary , employment outside manufacturing and trade declined , so that the economy as a whole suffered a net loss of 1.26 million full-time equivalent jobs .
At bottom , the coincidence of unemployment and booming exports can be explained by the high and rigid wages from which Germany still suffers .
Families are being reunited , and , after years of suffering , there is finally hope for the future .
It is countries like the US and Britain , with politically dominant financial sectors competing to take over financial leadership of the world , that suffered the heaviest losses .
This amounts to saying that even though rich countries -LRB- or regions -RRB- no longer need the benefits of free trade , they must continue to suffer its costs .
Sooner or later , the Brothers will suffer the fate of all bad devils .
Thus , creditors -- mainly German and French banks -- are not expected to suffer losses on their existing loans , while borrowers gain more time to `` put their houses in order . ''
According to the UN 's Department of Peacekeeping Operations , up to now UNIFIL has operated on an annual budget of $ 94 million and suffers chronic budget shortfalls due to unpaid assessments from member states .
But a mere two days after its creation , the embryonic Council suffered its first big setback .
Especially in a time of crisis that has caused so much suffering , its decisions must be explained to the public clearly and without cacophony .
Time to Fix the Euro NEW YORK -- The euro suffers from structural deficiencies .
Unless it introduces practical measures to support the countries at the periphery of the global financial system , global markets will suffer another round of decline , just as they did after United States Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner 's failure in February to produce practical measures to recapitalize America 's banking system .
Banks would suffer severe losses on exchange rates and require large injections of public funds .
At the same time , Germany , suffering from the after-effects of reunification , had to tighten its belt .
Besides the lack of a common treasury , the euro suffers from other shortcomings , which the authorities do not seem to have fully understood .
As a result , the European Union will suffer something worse than a lost decade ; it will endure a chronic divergence in which the surplus countries forge ahead and the deficit countries are dragged down by their accumulated debt burden .
In repeated visits to Argentina , I marveled at how long suffering the Argentineans were ; to me , it is more a surprise that unrest took so long to manifest itself , not that street turmoil unseated Argentina 's president .
One can not simply ignore the pleas of those who are suffering .
Some -- those with large trade deficits before the crisis hit , those with large national debts that must be rolled over , and those with close trade links to the US -- are likely to suffer more than others .
Still , the worry at Davos was that there would be a retreat from even our flawed globalization , and that poor countries would suffer the most .
Consider the trauma a country like India might have suffered if its population of a half-billion had remained barely fed as it doubled .
Bank officers may have walked away with hundreds of millions of dollars , but everyone else in our society -- shareholders , bondholders , taxpayers , homeowners , workers -- suffered .
But our regulators and politicians also suffered from intellectual capture .
But if Europe can not do so , then perhaps it is better to admit failure and move on than to extract a high price in unemployment and human suffering in the name of a flawed economic model .
This , of course , will be painful for banks , but their pain will be nothing in comparison to the suffering they have inflicted on people throughout the rest of the global economy .
It has become fashionable among politicians to preach the virtues of pain and suffering , no doubt because those bearing the brunt of it are those with little voice -- the poor and future generations .
But the country also suffered in the years before the crisis -- years of IMF bailouts and austerity -- from high unemployment and poverty rates and low and negative growth .
The response -- massive spending cuts -- ensures that unacceptably high levels of unemployment -LRB- a vast waste of resources and an oversupply of suffering -RRB- will continue , possibly for years .
In August 1998 , with the ruble 's devaluation , we tested the alternative , Keynsian hypotheses : production soared , and relatively quickly , showing that policies emphasizing excessive austerity had caused unnecessary idleness of human and physical resources , and unnecessary suffering .
More importantly , capital restrictions meant that when Latin America was sent into recession and depression later in the decade , as speculative capital fled most Latin American countries , Chile was largely spared . -LRB- Of course , it still suffered the consequences of the downturn in copper prices -- capital controls ca n't solve all problems -RRB- .
Accordingly , risk is unavoidable : monetary policy that is too loose risks inflation ; if it is too tight , it can cause unnecessary unemployment , with all the suffering that follows .
Iraq will suffer the most , but the consequences will almost certainly be felt widely .
Latin America , where the Fund 's doctrines have been taken most seriously , has suffered far slower growth as a result .
For we all suffer from the political instability to which such despair gives rise .
America 's influence in the world has suffered greatly in the last few years ; the Bush administration 's hypocritical use of free-market rhetoric while pursuing protectionist policies has made matters worse .
With so many people in Iraq suffering so much in so many ways , it may seem callous to discuss the economic costs .
And when the world 's largest economy is sick -- and it is now very sick -- the entire world suffers .
Activists can not possibly take aim at all foreign businesses in China , so most firms are unlikely to be specifically targeted or suffer reputational damage .
Many low-income countries will suffer from the decline in commodity prices .
When Ma 's popularity fell dramatically as Taiwan 's economy suffered from the global financial crisis , China 's leaders worked with Ma to pre-empt just such an outcome .
Perhaps no one knew or could know how much suffering would lie ahead , how vast the sacrifice would be , and how great the difference would be between the dream and the reality .
Even before the recent food price spikes , an estimated billion people were suffering from chronic hunger , while another two billion were experiencing malnutrition , bringing the total number of food-insecure people to around three billion , or almost half the world 's population .
Moreover , Japan 's relations with the US , which had suffered since the Democratic Party of Japan came to power two years ago , appear to have emerged from the disaster stronger than ever .
According to World Bank figures , the Middle East North Africa -LRB- MENA -RRB- region suffered a 25 % fall in per capita incomes during the last 25 years of the twentieth century , when oil prices were low .
It feels quite iniquitous that bankers , having helped cause today 's financial and economic troubles , are the only class that is not suffering from them -- and in many cases are actually benefiting .
In the case of Hamas , this displacement was due largely to the massive corruption of the Palestinian Authority under Yassir Arafat , whose cronies pocketed billions of dollars intended to alleviate poverty and suffering in the Gaza Strip .
Indeed , it is hard for most of us to imagine the scale of suffering and devastation inflicted on the Armenian people and their ancestral homelands .
Moreover , the local Turkish population allegedly suffered similar casualties .
Armenia , an independent country since 1991 , remains dependent on continued Russian protection , as was the case in 1920 when it joined the Soviet Union rather than suffer further Turkish invasion .
The closest Indian analogy to the position of black Americans is that of the Dalits -- formerly called `` Untouchables , '' the outcastes who for millennia suffered humiliating discrimination and oppression .
Just as Israel has frequently been attacked by rockets fired from across its border with Gaza , India has suffered repeated assaults by killers trained , equipped , financed , and directed by elements based next door in Pakistan .
For more than four decades after Independence in 1947 , India suffered from the economics of nationalism , which equated political independence with economic self-sufficiency and so relegated the country to bureaucratic protectionism and stagnation .
India 's financial system suffers from few of the creative and risky derivative instruments that caused such problems in the West .
Whereas most countries suffered negative growth in at least one quarter over the last two years , India 's GDP grew by more than 6 % throughout this period -- and by 7.9 % in the last quarter of 2009 .
Neither should there be excitement in civil disobedience , which is a preparation for mute suffering . ''
For many around the world who suffer under oppressive regimes , such a credo would sound like a prescription for sainthood -- or for impotence .
Mute suffering is fine as a moral principle , but only Gandhi could use it to bring about meaningful change .
Gandhi believed in `` weaning an opponent from error by patience , sympathy , and self-suffering . ''
But , while such an approach may have won Burma 's Aung San Suu Kyi the Nobel that eluded the Mahatma himself , the violence of the Burmese state proved far stronger in preventing change than her suffering has in fomenting it .
The UN 's reputation suffered in the US because it did not support the Bush administration on the war -- and in the 19 other countries because it was unable to prevent the war .
India suffered caste conflicts , clashes over the rights of different linguistic groups , religious riots -LRB- mainly between Hindus and Muslims -RRB- , and separatist threats .
To be sure , if many millions of people are prescribed a group of drugs , not only for depression , but also for many other mental health problems , it is quite reasonable that some of them will suffer an adverse effect or reaction .
Many local currencies in the EBRD region -LRB- such as the Hungarian forint , the Ukrainian hryvnia , and the Russian ruble -RRB- have suffered severe depreciation since in the last quarter of 2008 .
From the Japanese perspective , there was an `` account of victimization , '' in which `` atomic bombs have become the symbol of a specific type of suffering -- rather similar to the Holocaust for the Jews . ''
Neither the Japanese government 's responsibility for initiating and continuing the war nor the inhumane treatment that prisoners of war or the subject civilian populations suffered under Japanese rule are adequately acknowledged .
Tragedy : the word signifies not only suffering and distress , but the impossibility of redemption .
However , even `` just '' wars provoke tragedies that can not be dismissed lightly under the pretense that it was the enemy that suffered them .
Indeed , between 1995 and 1998 , the Colombian army suffered its worst setbacks -- including casualties , captures , and ambushes -- in the four decades of the insurgency .
Healing Bolivia BUENOS AIRES -- Since the mid-19th century , Latin America has suffered fewer inter-state wars and undergone less state creation than any other region of the world .
When enacted , human-rights advocates lauded it as a law that was going to end the suffering of Kenya 's disabled people .
NAIROBI - In Kenya , my home country , there is a popular saying that when two elephants fight , it 's the grass that suffers .
Experts predict that parts of Southern Africa will suffer hotter , drier weather patterns , as will the northern Maghreb region .
We have sidestepped our duties both to our descendants and to the large number of people alive here and now in other parts of the world who are suffering the consequences of our myopia .
But Viktor Yanukovich , the current Ukrainian president , denies the special suffering of the Ukrainian people -- a nod to Russia 's official historical narrative , which seeks to blur the particular evils of collectivization into a tragedy so vague that it has no clear perpetrators or victims .
The unspeakable human suffering that they inflict is the same whatever flag they may bear .
Once again , the African Union , with the support of the UN , should provide the leadership that would demonstrate that Africa has the capacity and the will to resolve a great crisis in a manner that mitigates the suffering of African people .
Every aspect of our shared culture , if not the last century of shared suffering , confirms that for us .
But , unlike Japan 's Fukushima nuclear crisis , Chernobyl 's real lesson is not about nuclear-plant safety . It is about official arrogance and indifference to suffering , and a cult of secrecy that allows information to be shared only among a narrow elite obsessed with stability .
Having grown up in the USSR , I know that Soviet leaders practically made contempt for suffering and moral concerns a foundation of their philosophy of rule .
For the state official who turns his back on suffering , his country 's citizens lack consequence .
Indifference , by contrast , is never creative , for it means that no response to injustice , and no help for the suffering , will ever come .
From his prison cell awaiting his execution by Hitler 's Gestapo , Dietrich Bonhoeffer declared that we must all `` share in God 's suffering . '' Indifference for Bonhoeffer was not only a sin , but also a type of punishment .
We are united as a people and in our shared history of suffering .
In any case , rich European countries will suffer a permanent structural decline in manufacturing : much of the decline that we now see in European manufacturing is not the result of temporary economic movements but is part of a long-term adjustment of the industrial sector 's size .
For those who do survive , the future looks grim : all studies show that children who are undernourished in the first two years of life suffer health problems and lag in development for the rest of their lives .
Besides the human suffering , the economic costs of malnutrition are huge : according to the World Bank , countries where malnutrition is most prevalent lose , on average , between 2 % and 3 % of their GDP .
Citizens , facing unpaid salaries , frozen bank accounts and unemployment of 20 % , are suffering the consequences of two grand economic illusions .
If you suffer a shock , just turn the other cheek .
Most nations would suffer , but nations caught in the middle would suffer the most .
For a decade now , the world economy has suffered from tremendous global imbalances : massive external surpluses in countries like China , Japan , Germany , Switzerland , and the oil producers , matched by equally large external deficits in the US , the United Kingdom , Spain , and others .
In particular , competition policy has suffered a setback mostly because of the distortional aid measures to financial intermediaries , as well as a suspension of merger rules to save institutions .
As long as those structures manage to keep new entrants out , market discipline will be suppressed and the consumer will suffer .
But if banks ' market power increases due to barriers to entry , consumers and investors will suffer .
According to Gallup , only 7 % of Muslims are politically radical and condone the use of violence , and their motives are not so much religious as inspired by the demeaning political and social treatment that Muslims are perceived to suffer .
This is liable to be reinforced by any negative experiences that Muslims may suffer themselves .
Draw the line between normality and disorder too broadly , and individuals may suffer incorrect diagnoses and undergo needless and potentially harmful treatment .
Although psychiatrists tend to worry more about identifying potential patients in need of help and less about eliminating normal eccentricity and distress from diagnosis , it is crucial in any society that respects human variation and encourages individual moral responsibility to distinguish normal suffering and eccentricity from mental disorder .
Anyone with depressive symptoms for just two weeks after suffering a significant loss would be diagnosed with major depressive disorder , massively pathologizing normal intense grief .
NEW YORK -- The shootings of United States Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and others in Arizona last month are but the latest in a series of mass shootings in the US in which the -LRB- alleged -RRB- perpetrator suffered from an apparent mental disorder .
Cabbage stalk soup and grass salad , sad to say , are likely to dominate the diet of North Korea 's long-suffering people for a long time yet .
Third , the new stimulus package is mainly aimed at infrastructure , equipment renovation , and industrial upgrading , which have suffered serious under-investment in the past , especially in China 's central and western regions .
Thousands of square kilometers could vaporize in the blast , but the whole Earth would suffer from the loss of sunlight and other effects of the dust released into the atmosphere .
The book caught the attention of both the elites and the mass public with its heart-breaking stories of the suffering endured by 900 million farmers and its bold criticism of the government 's rural policies .
Guatemala has been the most obvious victim so far , but Honduras also suffers all the similar conditions to be the next in line .
What about possible losses suffered by the Substitution Account ?
Two controlled clinical trials have demonstrated that MBCT can reduce the likelihood of relapse by about 40-50 % in people who have suffered three or more previous episodes of depression .
Students of Weimar Germany know that sudden dislocations and shocks -- rapid urbanization , disruption of traditional family and social ties , loosening of sexual restrictions , and economic collapse -- primed many Germans to become receptive to simplistic theories that seemed to address their confusion and offer a larger meaning to their suffering .
But the poorer countries pay much of the `` costs '' - losing up to 8 % of their GDP per year due to environmental degradation , as well as suffering devastating effects on health and human welfare .
What Collier calls the `` Bottom Billion , '' the poorest one-sixth of the world , suffers the most from high oil prices .
Oil urgently needs to suffer a similar fate .
Not surprisingly , the financial services sector suffered the most from corruption , losing RMB547 billion -LRB- 6.25 % of GDP -RRB- .
Last June , the Slovaks evicted the government that brought the country out of the international isolation and economic malaise that it had suffered under the autocratic regime of Vladimir Meciar .
The risk is that those countries that suffer from the switch retaliate and depreciate their own currencies . That could easily trigger a return to the much-feared competitive depreciations that contributed to the Great Depression .
With Gaza suffering under a lengthy siege , Hamas leader Khalid Mashal said that there was no point in a new truce , since the old one had `` failed to lift the siege on Gaza . ''
More importantly , Hamas can demonstrate that its leaders have been on the front lines during this war , sharing Palestinian suffering ; many have been killed , along with their families .
This has led to a schism between the hopes young Muslims have for successful lives in the West and their aspirations for their Muslim brothers and sisters , who have suffered so many terrible disappointments .
Many Muslims also understand that the problem of Palestine , unsolved for three generations , goes beyond the suffering of the Palestinian people . They know that the region 's dictators have used Palestine to justify their misrule and to avoid political and economic liberalization .
In places like south Lebanon , which suffer from deep social cleavages and inequalities , free elections and free trade hold little resonance for people who are impoverished and marginalized .
The Kingdom has suffered from the rise of the Shi'a in neighboring Iraq and is keen to maintain Sunni supremacy in the Islamic lands further to the east .
The Kingdom 's prestige among fellow Islamic regimes suffered , because Al Qaeda was widely perceived as a product of Saudi Arabia 's official Wahhabi ideology , and was known to receive much of its financial support from within the country .
But , befitting this increasingly exsanguinous imperium , Naif , 82 , is known to suffer from leukemia .
King Fahad , the longest-serving king in Saudi Arabia 's history -LRB- 24 years -RRB- , is dead . For six weeks , the King lay in a hospital fighting death , something he has done , in reality , ever since he suffered a massive stroke 10 years ago .
Moscow , which used to rain gold on the economy , is also suffering , because it , too , depends on natural resources , and its biggest taxpayers -- Gazprom , Lukoil , Transneft -- are now in bad shape .
What does not bring in money -- roads , schools , hospitals , and kindergartens -- will suffer .
In the end , however , logic prevailed over escapism and hesitation , a ceasefire was signed , and we can only regret all the time that was lost and the unnecessary suffering on both sides .
But when tensions relax , the idea of taking up arms again becomes painful and unsupportable inasmuch as it means a return to the familiar and terrible experience of suffering .
For your own reasons that have nothing to do with our struggle , you encourage the extremism of Hamas , thus provoking Israel 's violent reaction , aggravating our suffering , and pushing back the solution that we all want .
The Palestinian leadership knows that if Iran ever launches a nuclear attack against Israel , their people would suffer terribly as well .
By contrast , Israeli or American military action against Iran would risk worsening the situation , prolonging and intensifying the suffering in this very sensitive region of the world .
Demonstrations and meetings were organized . Posters were hung everywhere to remember the number of days of his ordeal . But the Shalit family is given the most credit : they left their home in a small village in Galilee to camp out for more than a year near the prime minister 's residence in Jerusalem , reminding the Israeli public of the victim 's suffering and pushing the government to accept Hamas 's conditions .
For example , the IMF 's authority has suffered in the recent decade -- especially in Asia -- from the fund 's deep commitment to neo-liberal orthodoxy and the so-called `` Washington Consensus . ''
Unlike the US , China did not suffer from a liquidity shortage and a credit crunch during the global financial crisis .
As a result , China 's dollar-denominated foreign-exchange reserves , which account for the largest share of all the foreign holdings of US government securities , will suffer interest-rate losses .
The more the PBC intervenes , the larger the national welfare losses that China may suffer in the future .
Somehow Zuma must find a way to honor his own generation 's commitment to racial justice and national liberation , while empowering the masses who daily suffer the sting of class differences and yearn for material gain .
Although much of The Lucifer Effect examines how easy it is for ordinary people to be seduced into engaging in evil deeds , or to be passively indifferent to the suffering of others , the deeper message is a positive one .
