The Armenians , who suffered the worst tragedy in 1915 , never forgot nor forgave .
Fortunately , Brazil 's stock exchange has suffered less than other emerging-market bourses from the financial turbulence in the US and elsewhere .
Solidarity suffered that frustration in Poland in 1980-81 , which prolonged communist rule for a decade .
East Europeans suffered from high private-sector debt , which they largely avoided transforming into public debt .
For this reason Iraq -- even before Saddam Hussein -- always suffered the most repressive regime of any Arab state .
Since then , the Kurds have suffered under the despotic rule of rival ethnic groups .
If not , at the very least , the injustice suffered by the Kurdish people for generations would , at long last , be rectified .
In fact , the US stress tests did n't attempt to estimate the losses that banks have suffered on many of the `` toxic assets '' that have been at the heart of the financial crisis .
That was clearly the case with Richard Nixon , who never suffered from an excess of love for Jews , but was nonetheless one of the staunchest allies that Israel ever had in the White House .
As wages grew faster than productivity in the run-up to the crisis , competitiveness also suffered , and domestic demand became the main engine of growth .
According to the World Health Organization , some 130 million women have , over the last few years , suffered from genital mutilation in some form .
More strikingly , both Bolivia and Ecuador are governed by presidents who suffered directly from the collateral insensitivities of the war on drugs .
In some ways , Chinese minorities in Southeast Asia have shared some of the hostility suffered by Jews in the West .
So they suffered a double loss .
But , he says , that outcome would mean further violence : `` The compensation for suffered harm invariably brings new harm , often more cruel than what came before . ''
Finally , because it is mostly civilians that have suffered and are still suffering in Georgia , it is imperative for the world community to promote a lasting solution , as is stipulated in the agreement promoted by French President Nicolas Sarkozy .
The extremely tight race -- Calderón won by 0.5 % of the vote -- and the profound disappointment suffered by López Obrador and his supporters led them to contest the ruling of Mexico 's electoral authorities , and to refuse to acknowledge Calderón 's victory .
Moreover , Chávez has suffered several regional setbacks recently , and all have domestic repercussions .
But boosters of caste politics claim that it is not economic deprivation but the social backwardness from which these castes have historically suffered that makes caste reservations necessary .
By contrast , India 's location next to the Af-Pak has left it far more vulnerable , and the country has since suffered a series of major attacks -- from the assault on its parliament in December 2001 to the terrorist siege of Mumbai in 2008 .
Asia has suffered more casualties from the rise of international terrorism than any other region .
Of course , Taiwan 's parlous relations with China have suffered further as a result , with China 's government denouncing calls for a new constitution as a calculated move towards independence .
Having suffered from disruptions in oil and gas supplies following disputes between Russia and Ukraine and then Belarus , the EU 's members have finally understood that their survival depends on their capacity to diversify their energy sources .
Four years ago this month , Zenawi 's Ethiopian People 's Revolutionary Democratic Party -LRB- EPRDF -RRB- suffered its worst loss at the polls since the former guerrilla overthrew a ruthless , Soviet-backed regime in 1991 .
The real question is whether democracy could really have done the trick , and then , whether missiles and tanks are the right method to bring democracy to a country that has suffered dictatorial rule for a long period of time .
Occasionally , newspapers report that an old person has been found dead after days , having suffered a lonely demise from illness or even starvation .
The drubbing that many governments suffered in the recent elections to the European Union Parliament places them in a difficult position as they maneuver ahead of this week 's EU Summit .
Constructive economic engagement will benefit ordinary North Koreans , who have suffered as much as any people on Earth since the Cold War 's end .
Over the past few months , the Tigers have suffered a series of devastating blows .
The results have become increasingly obvious and painful : an economy that has suffered more severely in the global crisis than its neighbors to the south ; a rent-seeking business elite that is unaccustomed to competition ; public and private monopolies that no one seems to have the political will to dismantle ; and corporatist pacts that siphon off public resources to unproductive unions , thwarting productivity and growth .
The Internet 's Immune System NEW YORK -- Viruses , phishing , spyware , spam , denial-of-service attacks , botnets ... You have probably heard these words , and perhaps even suffered from what they signify , with or without knowing it .
You can not build lasting future relations between countries that have each in their own way suffered so much , without coming to terms with the past .
Expectations and confidence in democracy , the market economy , and the larger European project have suffered as well .
While most major economies in their early stages of growth suffered crises , China 's story seems abnormal -LRB- or accidental -RRB- , and has elicited periodic predictions of an `` upcoming crash . ''
From 1990 to 2005 , Germany struggled with high unemployment , slow growth , and low competitiveness , and Europe 's economy suffered as a result .
If `` more extensive '' means piecemeal limited commitments that will eventually be exhausted , the scheme runs the risk of creating losses -LRB- just as the Bundesbank would have suffered losses had it engaged in limited defense of weak ERM currencies -RRB- .
In Russia 's recent parliamentary elections , which were - regardless of various reservations - conducted according to democratic standards , parties advocating political and economic freedom suffered painful defeat , while parties proclaiming hostility to the rule of law and modern pluralist democracy were successful .
Of course , reforming and democratizing the Iraqi political system is not impossible . On the contrary , the Iraqis have suffered more than most and have learned the hard way the perils of authoritarianism and oppression .
Iraq 's children have suffered more than just successive wars and economic sanctions .
Their many victims will rightly seek some form of accounting - at a minimum , an official record of the crimes they suffered .
Activists from public movements , journalists , ecologists , businessmen , and ordinary people who had suffered the tyranny and corruption of public officials began to join in .
Turkey has suffered from rising oil prices , falling tourism income -LRB- its second-largest source of foreign exchange -RRB- , and declining foreign investment .
BRUSSELS -- Two years after the world economy suffered a nervous breakdown in the wake of the collapse of Lehman Brothers , global financial markets remain unsettled , and the recovery that started so vigorously in 2009 seems to be stalling .
Having suffered the oppressive practices of Turkey 's `` secular '' state and recognizing that human rights must be protected across-the-board , the AKP emerged as a credible interlocutor with the West .
Unfortunately , Iraq has become a breeding ground for radical Islam , owing to the brutality that the Iraqi people suffered under Saddam and now at the hands of the occupation forces .
· Third , after ending the grueling sanctions , from which Iraqi civilians have long suffered , the occupying forces should concentrate on rebuilding Iraq politically and economically , along the lines of the post-WWII occupations of America 's enemies .
Making matters worse , the country has suffered this year from both floods and drought .
The transition to democracy promised freedom and prosperity to all who had suffered in communism 's stranglehold .
The Roma , and Europe , have suffered a great defeat .
But some of the children urinated blood , others have suffered long-term health problems , and at least six died .
First , it promises more effective risk management , because large banks are less exposed to a single sort of customer -LRB- in contrast to rural American banks , which suffered when American farmers suffered -RRB- .
While Mexico had a petroleum-based boom in the wake of the second oil-price shock of the 1970 's , Argentina suffered from economic mismanagement under a military dictatorship that then staged its disastrous invasion of the Falkland Islands\/Malvinas .
Because of the dispersion , shrimp , squid , and some fish populations suffered , with fisheries hit even harder .
His official visits to China and South Korea -- two key countries with which relations suffered under the administration of Junichiro Koizumi -- came within a week of his taking office and at a moment of crisis , with North Korea setting off an underground nuclear blast .
President Vladimir Putin remains a fairly effective international communicator . Yet Russia suffered several obvious defeats in 2004 that tarnished its image and undermined its standing in the world .
Unfortunately , for the past two years , Pakistan has been suffering as much or perhaps more than Afghanistan has suffered . Almost the entire tribal belt along the Pakistan\/Afghanistan border is suffering .
Pakistan 's new president , Asif Ali Zardari , has suffered from terrorism as we have suffered .
Although the whole world has suffered severely from the crisis , Ukraine was hit worse than most countries , as international demand for steel , which accounted for 42 % of exports in the first half of 2008 , collapsed .
My homeland , South Korea , has suffered the ravages of conventional war and faced threats from nuclear weapons and other WMD .
Jacques Chirac -- another of Europe 's great euro and ECB bashers -- also suffered a severe personal reversal at the polls when the French rejected the EU Constitution .
Economic development in the Gaza Strip was limited under Egyptian rule , and the region suffered the burden of absorbing Palestinian refugees fleeing the fighting in the southern part of mandatory Palestine , which would later become Israel .
The conference , it appears , succeeded in reuniting and reinvigorating the movement , which has suffered since the death of its founder and long-time leader , Yasser Arafat .
So many people suffered that it is difficult to count the number of victims accurately .
During the 2004 hurricane season , the Dominican Republic , which has invested in hurricane shelters and emergency evacuation networks , suffered fewer than ten deaths .
By contrast , Muslims fatally weakened their ability to defend themselves by neglecting , even rejecting , the study of allegedly secular science and mathematics , and this myopia remains a fundamental source of the oppression suffered by Muslims today .
We will all ultimately pay dearly , in human and financial terms , if we fail to ensure that these peace processes lead to long-term stability for societies that have already suffered far too much , for their immediate neighbors , and for the world at large .
Japan 's Treacherous Bureaucrats Much has been made of the massive defeat Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's Liberal Democratic Party suffered in the recent election to Japan 's Upper House .
The DPJ suffered a bitter defeat in this summer 's upper-house election , after Kan abruptly proposed a significant increase in the highly unpopular consumption tax .
But consider Argentina , which suffered a deep four-year depression , beginning in 1998 .
This owes much to the humiliations that Russia suffered when the end of communism forced its economy to its knees , and to Western short-sightedness about Russia 's fundamental strengths and resilience .
German-American relations suffered a devastating blow when Schröder stoked the country 's overwhelmingly pacifist attitudes .
And even larger yet is the total cost suffered by the economy -- including output and job losses , and the attendant destruction of material and immaterial capital , which , according to the Bank of England 's Andrew Haldane and others , could rise to a multiple of annual GDP .
Indeed , their serene patience stands in stark contrast to the anxious reticence of Russian leaders , who have yet to surmount the humiliation that Russia suffered as a result of the Soviet Union 's disintegration at the end of the Cold War .
Energy wealth gives them a sense of unique opportunity , the conviction that time is playing in their favor , and that they can now redress the humiliations they have suffered from the outside world .
NEW YORK -- Perhaps no country on earth -- not even Iraq , Afghanistan , or Sudan -- has suffered more gravely from armed conflict in the past decade and a half than the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Since its independence from Belgium in 1962 , Burundi has suffered five episodes of what amounts to the same civil war .
Kenya has suffered the inevitable democratic backsliding , the continued corruption , and the unfulfilled reform agendas that remain persistent themes elsewhere on the continent .
Right now , the international relief efforts in Haiti are rightly focused on the country 's urban areas , which suffered most in the earthquake .
When the dust settled , it turned out that American , Dutch , and other importers all suffered roughly the same degree of shortfall and paid the same damaging high price .
Japan 's economy has suffered two decades of slow growth because of the poor policy decisions that followed the collapse of the country 's massive asset-price bubble in the early 1990 's .
In the 1990 's , North Korea suffered extreme famine , which probably killed 1-2 million people , and even today North Korea depends on China for food and fuel .
For decades , India suffered from what some called the `` Hindu rate of economic growth '' of a little over 1 % per year .
In 2010 , for example , as China became more assertive in its foreign policy toward its neighbors , its relations with India , Japan , and South Korea suffered .
Unfortunately , this wonder of nature has recently suffered an indignity .
Whereas oil speculators have gained , both the US and global economies have suffered and been pushed closer to recession .
But China also has suffered a century 's worth of environmental damage in 30 years .
The second application of Groucho 's question was that citizens of most Communist countries soon learned that the loss of freedom that they suffered was not compensated by greater prosperity or a higher quality of life .
Then the madness of the Cultural Revolution , when millions suffered terribly , many died , and many more behaved disgracefully as Mao sought to destroy those who had rescued China from his earlier follies .
Why , she asked herself , had her family suffered so much if it was only to prepare the way for this ?
Both have suffered from the crisis , but not in the same way .
On a smaller scale , European countries like Germany , Poland , and the Czech Republic have also suffered serious flooding .
Many bankers also suffered direct losses as their banks collapsed , or as investigations exposed them to public ridicule , and even jail .
Dimona has produced all the plutonium that Israel reasonably needs , and the reactor -- one of the world 's oldest -- has suffered minor mishaps and evident deterioration , raising the specter of more serious accidents .
America 's former adversaries either became preoccupied with consolidating or sharing power , suffered domestic defeat , or confronted neighboring states .
None of these American exits was without consequence . But , while the US suffered costs to its reputation around the world , the supposed advantages from this for America 's opponents proved illusory .
Over the years `` avoiding ... the ultimate consequences '' through limitations butted against the bitter legacy of the surprise attacks suffered by both the US and Russia in World War II .
Advanced Europe , Canada , and Japan also suffered major job losses that will last for a long time .
In the early 1990 's , Sweden suffered a huge recession precipitated by a housing bubble and a banking crisis .
In 1997 , Korea suffered not only from the Asian financial crisis , but also from insistence by the US and the International Monetary Fund that it raise interest rates and undertake `` Washington Consensus '' - style reforms to receive aid .
Rich-country households have suffered a momentous loss of wealth -LRB- amounting to tens of trillions of US dollars -RRB- .
The interwar period , which suffered from a similar crisis of leadership , produced not only a collapse of globalization , but a devastating armed conflict on a global scale .
Having suffered a deeper economic collapse in 2009 than the United States did , Europe 's economy is poised for a much more sluggish recovery -- if one can call it that .
There is a strong sentiment that academics and institutions that collaborated with such an odious regime -- often with the encouragement of their governments , no doubt -- suffered a grave lapse of judgment .
Second , since the world market for raw cashews is less competitive than that for processed cashews , Mozambique suffered a loss in its external terms of trade .
Why not the auto and steel industries , or any of the other industries that have suffered downturns in recent years ?
Indeed , the currency of any country that is significantly dependent on commodity exports has suffered .
Even with the `` success '' of the bailouts , countries suffered massive output losses due to recessions and sustained subpar growth .
Japan also suffered a number of severe productivity shocks , which had much to do with its longer-term problems .
That record adds even more ignominy to the sense of loss suffered by the loved ones of those who died or remain missing .
The result might be a longer stay within the new ERM , but without the crises that the original eurozone members suffered .
Japan suffered a decade-long near-depression because of its failure to clean up the banks .
Until now , while Gazans have suffered from the constant fighting and economic failures brought about by their leaders ' policies , they have been left alone in their private lives .
Gaza has suffered from anarchy ; now it will be under the heel of a ruthless dictatorship .
Yet the Nordic states have thrived , not suffered , from a large social welfare state , with much less public-sector corruption and far higher levels of voter participation than in the US .
Although their households have suffered to some extent from the fall in equity prices , they not only can continue to grow , but they can also increase their internal demand to offset the decline in exports to the US .
Consumers are pulling back from home and automobile purchases not only because they have suffered a blow to their wealth with declining stock prices and housing values , but also because they do n't know where to turn .
The poor have suffered from job losses and cuts in government services .
In Iraq during the 1990 's , millions of children suffered repeated illnesses and vast numbers died because international sanctions contributed to ruining the country 's economy .
Like the Lebanese , Iraqis have suffered enough .
Despite a democratic tradition dating to 1830 , Colombia has suffered a bloody 40-year insurgency by the narco-terrorists of the so-called Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia -LRB- FARC -RRB- , and the National Liberation Army -LRB- ELN -RRB- .
As a result , `` there can be no genuinely honest and friendly dialogue with those countries that suffered considerable damage and casualties in the wars with Japan . ''
And , unlike Thailand , all of them had suffered from war or internal strife .
Insurance companies have not penetrated many of the regions that suffered the greatest losses .
The stock market suffered one of its biggest one-day drops this year on the 20th anniversary of the 1987 crash , with the S&P 500 falling 2.56 % .
That lower price would be a bane to investors but a boon to Japanese , compensating them for the losses that they have suffered .
But the pound had already suffered irreparable damage .
Welby , who suffered from muscular dystrophy and was paralyzed , had battled unsuccessfully in the Italian courts for the right to die .
Kaczynski 's government suffered a heavy defeat .
He would ensure that the American public knew how the error occurred , and that whoever was responsible for it suffered the usual consequences that befall senior officials who make what was -- to put the best possible interpretation on it -- a grave error of judgment .
Nim suffered various other vicissitudes -- and narrowly escaped being infected with hepatitis as part of a medical experiment -- until he was eventually released to an animal sanctuary , where he died in 2000 .
In Germany , which suffered from hyper-inflation in 1923 , there is widespread fear that people will again lose their savings and need to start from scratch .
As a result , European banks have suffered from massive write-offs on toxic American securities .
Conversely , Germany , which has suffered from relative deflation and a long slump under the euro , will experience an inflationary boom that will reduce its competitiveness and current-account surplus .
On the contrary , employment outside manufacturing and trade declined , so that the economy as a whole suffered a net loss of 1.26 million full-time equivalent jobs .
It is countries like the US and Britain , with politically dominant financial sectors competing to take over financial leadership of the world , that suffered the heaviest losses .
But a mere two days after its creation , the embryonic Council suffered its first big setback .
Consider the trauma a country like India might have suffered if its population of a half-billion had remained barely fed as it doubled .
Bank officers may have walked away with hundreds of millions of dollars , but everyone else in our society -- shareholders , bondholders , taxpayers , homeowners , workers -- suffered .
But our regulators and politicians also suffered from intellectual capture .
But the country also suffered in the years before the crisis -- years of IMF bailouts and austerity -- from high unemployment and poverty rates and low and negative growth .
More importantly , capital restrictions meant that when Latin America was sent into recession and depression later in the decade , as speculative capital fled most Latin American countries , Chile was largely spared . -LRB- Of course , it still suffered the consequences of the downturn in copper prices -- capital controls ca n't solve all problems -RRB- .
Latin America , where the Fund 's doctrines have been taken most seriously , has suffered far slower growth as a result .
America 's influence in the world has suffered greatly in the last few years ; the Bush administration 's hypocritical use of free-market rhetoric while pursuing protectionist policies has made matters worse .
When Ma 's popularity fell dramatically as Taiwan 's economy suffered from the global financial crisis , China 's leaders worked with Ma to pre-empt just such an outcome .
Moreover , Japan 's relations with the US , which had suffered since the Democratic Party of Japan came to power two years ago , appear to have emerged from the disaster stronger than ever .
According to World Bank figures , the Middle East North Africa -LRB- MENA -RRB- region suffered a 25 % fall in per capita incomes during the last 25 years of the twentieth century , when oil prices were low .
Moreover , the local Turkish population allegedly suffered similar casualties .
The closest Indian analogy to the position of black Americans is that of the Dalits -- formerly called `` Untouchables , '' the outcastes who for millennia suffered humiliating discrimination and oppression .
Just as Israel has frequently been attacked by rockets fired from across its border with Gaza , India has suffered repeated assaults by killers trained , equipped , financed , and directed by elements based next door in Pakistan .
For more than four decades after Independence in 1947 , India suffered from the economics of nationalism , which equated political independence with economic self-sufficiency and so relegated the country to bureaucratic protectionism and stagnation .
Whereas most countries suffered negative growth in at least one quarter over the last two years , India 's GDP grew by more than 6 % throughout this period -- and by 7.9 % in the last quarter of 2009 .
The UN 's reputation suffered in the US because it did not support the Bush administration on the war -- and in the 19 other countries because it was unable to prevent the war .
India suffered caste conflicts , clashes over the rights of different linguistic groups , religious riots -LRB- mainly between Hindus and Muslims -RRB- , and separatist threats .
Many local currencies in the EBRD region -LRB- such as the Hungarian forint , the Ukrainian hryvnia , and the Russian ruble -RRB- have suffered severe depreciation since in the last quarter of 2008 .
Neither the Japanese government 's responsibility for initiating and continuing the war nor the inhumane treatment that prisoners of war or the subject civilian populations suffered under Japanese rule are adequately acknowledged .
However , even `` just '' wars provoke tragedies that can not be dismissed lightly under the pretense that it was the enemy that suffered them .
Indeed , between 1995 and 1998 , the Colombian army suffered its worst setbacks -- including casualties , captures , and ambushes -- in the four decades of the insurgency .
Healing Bolivia BUENOS AIRES -- Since the mid-19th century , Latin America has suffered fewer inter-state wars and undergone less state creation than any other region of the world .
For a decade now , the world economy has suffered from tremendous global imbalances : massive external surpluses in countries like China , Japan , Germany , Switzerland , and the oil producers , matched by equally large external deficits in the US , the United Kingdom , Spain , and others .
In particular , competition policy has suffered a setback mostly because of the distortional aid measures to financial intermediaries , as well as a suspension of merger rules to save institutions .
NEW YORK -- The shootings of United States Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and others in Arizona last month are but the latest in a series of mass shootings in the US in which the -LRB- alleged -RRB- perpetrator suffered from an apparent mental disorder .
Third , the new stimulus package is mainly aimed at infrastructure , equipment renovation , and industrial upgrading , which have suffered serious under-investment in the past , especially in China 's central and western regions .
What about possible losses suffered by the Substitution Account ?
Two controlled clinical trials have demonstrated that MBCT can reduce the likelihood of relapse by about 40-50 % in people who have suffered three or more previous episodes of depression .
Not surprisingly , the financial services sector suffered the most from corruption , losing RMB547 billion -LRB- 6.25 % of GDP -RRB- .
Last June , the Slovaks evicted the government that brought the country out of the international isolation and economic malaise that it had suffered under the autocratic regime of Vladimir Meciar .
This has led to a schism between the hopes young Muslims have for successful lives in the West and their aspirations for their Muslim brothers and sisters , who have suffered so many terrible disappointments .
The Kingdom has suffered from the rise of the Shi'a in neighboring Iraq and is keen to maintain Sunni supremacy in the Islamic lands further to the east .
The Kingdom 's prestige among fellow Islamic regimes suffered , because Al Qaeda was widely perceived as a product of Saudi Arabia 's official Wahhabi ideology , and was known to receive much of its financial support from within the country .
King Fahad , the longest-serving king in Saudi Arabia 's history -LRB- 24 years -RRB- , is dead . For six weeks , the King lay in a hospital fighting death , something he has done , in reality , ever since he suffered a massive stroke 10 years ago .
For example , the IMF 's authority has suffered in the recent decade -- especially in Asia -- from the fund 's deep commitment to neo-liberal orthodoxy and the so-called `` Washington Consensus . ''
