As citizens start relying on redistribution , productive work is discouraged , and real wealth creation suffers .
But it suffers from the major global players ' profound skepticism , with the US , Russia , and , for that matter , the EU shown no real enthusiasm for it .
The old continent suffers from two guilt complexes that have much to do with Israel : the colonial and the Jewish complex .
The Government of Southern Sudan suffers from serious financial constraints , owing to unrealistic assumptions about its oil revenues .
Though the Dominican Republic suffers from its own social and economic maladies -- it is itself an exporter of emigrants to the US , Puerto Rico , and Spain -- it certainly has a role to play in Haiti 's reconstruction .
But Bush 's strategy suffers from serious inconsistencies .
The EU also suffers from a well-known lack of capacity in strategic air transport , in-theater air transport , and combat support .
In May , he admitted during a live television broadcast that he suffers from a kidney ailment , but sought to quell rumors that he was terminally ill by insisting that fears for his health are greatly exaggerated and politically motivated .
Ukraine suffers from the sharp drop in global demand and trade , severely undermining its steel industry .
Pakistan suffers from internal strife and is prone to seeing conspiracies against it that include virtually all of its neighbors and often the US .
Rivero , who has lost much weight , has circulatory problems , and Espinosa suffers from a worsening liver disease .
Today , we have next to no hard-money lobby , almost all investors have substantially diversified portfolios , and nearly everybody suffers mightily when unemployment is high and capacity utilization and spending are low .
Lula becomes a failure and Brazil loses another decade as its economy sinks into a depression of uncertain length and suffers inflation of uncertain magnitude .
Today , it suffers one of the world 's biggest gaps between haves and have-nots .
Whenever governments lose moral authority , as when their police seize evidence in violation of the Constitution , their case for conviction suffers .
As a result , significant amounts of income are transferred from consumers to small groups protected by the law . Worse , the whole economy suffers from chronic sclerosis .
Maybe the most important point -- and a key difference with the Clintons -- is that this experiment begins in an Argentina that suffers from great institutional vulnerability .
Cyprus suffers from being a second-order problem , one that occasionally flares up , only to be damped down again with short-term palliatives .
Yet , even at times when fighting is less intense Congo suffers from the indirect effects of the war .
Second , inflows of new workers bring substantial benefits as well as losses : in France , which suffers a shortage of some 6,000 plumbers , there must be plenty of households that would be pleased to find someone qualified to do repair work .
To illustrate this point , I draw on my personal experience as the care-giver for my wife , who suffers from a severe neurodegenerative disorder that has impaired her memory and motor functions , restricting her independence .
By the 1990 's experts were calling it `` the disorder of the decade , '' insisting that as many as one in five Americans suffers from it .
As the two sides collide , the country suffers : the outcome of the water war has meant that the poor still use the same dirty and expensive water , while the result of the gas war could mean that we remain without new export revenues .
Egypt suffers from another political handicap : it is an Arab country , and there are no Arab democracies .
Even now , the Swahili dialect of Mombasa is called Ki-mvita , and its people coined the proverb `` Ndovu wawili wakipigana , ziumiazo na nyasi '' -LRB- When two elephants fight , it is the grass that suffers -RRB- .
Fishery resources are over-exploited ; animal husbandry suffers a similar lack of rigorous management ; and the country spends a fortune buying the meat and milk that it could easily produce for itself if farmers had the proper incentives .
Much of Europe already suffers from under-performing labor markets in which job seekers and would-be employers either ca n't or wo n't find one another .
Europe suffers from a shortage of leaders who can speak in its name ; from a shortage of ambition -LRB- what , after all , is the collective ambition of Europeans now that the EU is perceived more as part of the problem than part of the solution -RRB- .
But , above all , Europe suffers from an identity deficit , for no one seems to know what it means to be a European nowadays .
Yet , because of that anomaly , Europe suffers from a grave deficit of legitimacy and presence internationally .
A coterie of experts , says the hospital 's director , found that Mr. Cao suffers from `` paranoid psychosis . ''
European industry is also a vital factor in European defense integration , but it suffers from fragmented demand , counterproductive intra-European trade regulations , and a mostly outdated Cold-War military infrastructure .
What Do Muslim Women Want ? NEW YORK -- When caricature takes the place of dialogue , everyone suffers -- especially when it comes to understanding issues affecting women , who struggle worldwide against being silenced .
According to the report , the General Assembly has lost vitality , the Security Council must be more proactive , the Commission on Human Rights suffers from a legitimacy deficit , the Secretariat should be more professional and better organized , and major institutional gaps hinder responses to economic and social threats to international security .
In addition , China 's economy suffers from inefficient state-owned enterprises , a shaky financial system , and inadequate infrastructure .
India benefits from democratic politics , but suffers from overly bureaucratized government .
Even if China suffers no major domestic political setback , many current projections based on GDP growth alone are too one-dimensional : they ignore US military and soft-power advantages , as well as China 's geopolitical disadvantages in the internal Asian balance of power .
Moreover , even if China suffers no major domestic political setback , many current projections are based simply on GDP growth .
Indeed , on average , China suffers a major water pollution accident every other day .
But this approach suffers from a fatal fallacy : if booms are fueled by underestimation of risks , and regulation is made more sensitive to the estimation of risks , booms will be bigger and busts deeper .
The other factor is that France , like the rest of the world , suffers from an ill-managed form of globalization .
As a result , France suffers from growing inequality , high and still-rising unemployment , constant corporate restructurings entailing layoffs , threats to public services and social welfare programs , and a general feeling of insecurity .
When domestic needs become paramount , global economic cooperation suffers .
And South Africa suffers from a shockingly high level of unemployment .
When a country finally suffers through austerity and repays its IMF loans , no rich private shareholder gets fat as a result .
Ordinarily , as the world comes out of a downturn and global interest rates rise , at least one or two emerging market countries suffers a spectacular blowup .
Japan also suffers from low potential growth , owing to a lack of structural reforms and weak and ineffective governments -LRB- four prime ministers in four years -RRB- , a large stock of public debt , unfavorable demographic trends , and a strong yen that gets stronger during bouts of global risk aversion .
Africa suffers simultaneously from three challenges that trap it in poverty .
Second , Africa suffers from disease unlike any other part of the world .
As a landlocked Andean country , Bolivia suffers its own special distress .
With 5 % of the world 's population and the bulk of the world 's oil and gas , the Arab world nonetheless lags behind most of the rest of the world , and suffers from what can best be termed `` educational poverty . ''
In Haiti , which still suffers from underdevelopment , political turmoil , and the effects of destructive hurricanes , Ban appointed former US President Bill Clinton as his Special Representative to help deal with the country 's plight .
But crop insurance suffers from what economists call a `` moral hazard , '' because it reduces farmers ' incentives to ensure the crop 's success .
While the US no longer suffers from rising unemployment , the current 9.5 % jobless rate is very high for the US , roughly double its level before the recession .
At bottom , the coincidence of unemployment and booming exports can be explained by the high and rigid wages from which Germany still suffers .
According to the UN 's Department of Peacekeeping Operations , up to now UNIFIL has operated on an annual budget of $ 94 million and suffers chronic budget shortfalls due to unpaid assessments from member states .
Time to Fix the Euro NEW YORK -- The euro suffers from structural deficiencies .
Besides the lack of a common treasury , the euro suffers from other shortcomings , which the authorities do not seem to have fully understood .
And when the world 's largest economy is sick -- and it is now very sick -- the entire world suffers .
India 's financial system suffers from few of the creative and risky derivative instruments that caused such problems in the West .
NAIROBI - In Kenya , my home country , there is a popular saying that when two elephants fight , it 's the grass that suffers .
Guatemala has been the most obvious victim so far , but Honduras also suffers all the similar conditions to be the next in line .
What Collier calls the `` Bottom Billion , '' the poorest one-sixth of the world , suffers the most from high oil prices .
