Rumsfeld 's charge -- vehemently denied by Syria -- now tops a long list of unresolved issues in Syria 's relations with the US : Syria 's open-ended military intervention in Lebanon and continued support of Hezbollah there ; its supposed involvement in the 1982 suicide attack in Beirut that killed 241 US Marines ; its continued support of various `` outlawed '' Palestinian groups ; and its allegedly growing stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons .
The American-led invasion of Iraq was supposed to begin a process of transformation across the Middle East .
This system is supposedly more egalitarian than America 's system of higher education , which many Europeans look down on as elitist .
This process is supposedly designed to `` guarantee '' that the best are appointed .
But it is facile to jump from individual corporate scandals to broad conclusions about the supposed rottenness of the American economy .
The European poor do not have such mobility and thus lack the supposed chance that poor Americans possess .
In other words , the ideological differences across the Atlantic are much larger than actual differences in social mobility and the supposed laziness of the poor .
Because they know how supposedly `` innocent '' insinuations grow into accusations and that accusations can become discrimination and soon after legislation . It is then that hysteria is set loose .
Regardless of how this crisis develops from this point , the UN has neglected its duties by asking a wimp to lead the inspectors who are supposed to stand up to the brute of Baghdad .
For example , in the case of gender , those who identify as men also want to behave as men are supposed to behave ; those who identify as women want to behave as women are supposed to behave .
Women early in the twentieth century were not supposed to smoke ; it was inappropriate behavior .
Back then , it was called `` Uzbekistan '' and was nothing more than an obligatory culinary demonstration of the supposedly unbreakable union of the USSR 's fifteen fraternal republics .
He was appointed by the president , and thus bears no accountability whatsoever to those he is supposed to serve .
The prize is supposed to recognize the work of individuals and institutions , including non-governmental organizations , for scientific research in the life sciences that improves the quality of human life .
They return home by mid-day to help supplement the household income by selling doughnuts in the streets -- at a time when they are supposed to be completing homework .
Turkey also shows that the supposed clash between democracy and security -- and , indeed , between democracy and Islam -- can be reconciled .
In his first speech during the crisis , Saif al-Islam al-Qaddafi , the Colonel 's supposedly `` moderate '' son , alleged an international conspiracy against the regime , involving Egyptians , Tunisians , and other foreign agents .
Saif cultivated a reputation for being a `` reformer '' : he called for a national-reconciliation process with opposition groups , supposedly liberalized the media , supported charity and development initiatives , and most importantly , became a face that the West could talk to .
The main liberal parties -- the Union of Rightist Forces and Yabloko -- are attacking him ferociously , while the faceless parties that supposedly support him are silent and confused .
Ukraine 's ` Orange Revolution ' will reach its climax on December 26 , when Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovich and former Prime Minister Viktor Yushchenko will replay their run-off for the presidency . The massive fraud that was supposed to bring victory to Mr Yanukovich , and which incited hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians to take to the streets of Kyiv to defent their rights , no longer looks possible .
During the latter part of this maneuver , July 6-8 , US President Barack Obama is supposed to meet President Medvedev in Moscow .
The PiS jumped on the anticorruption bandwagon and strengthened its appeal by linking the fight against corruption to the vision of hidden forces supposedly perverting Polish society and democracy .
The Fusion Myth France is now rushing to construct the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor , -LRB- ITER -RRB- , which is supposed to show that nuclear fusion can be used to power nuclear power stations .
Common sense suggests that the `` majority of the people , '' whom the CCP is supposed to `` represent , '' should include workers .
Third , the International Atomic Energy Agency , which is supposed to police the non-proliferation system , is shamefully underfunded .
A false dichotomy is created in which Muslims must choose between a Western and European identity or a supposedly separate Islamic identity .
The story it presents is of a world beset by real injustices , for which the only solution is violent action that will supposedly lead to the victory of a monolithic Muslim world .
In such countries , rules are supposed to limit the controlling shareholders ' power to advance their interests at the expense of minority shareholders .
Although insider-trading laws supposedly prevent executives from using `` hard '' material information , executives usually also have `` soft '' information at their fingertips which gives them an advantage over the market .
This is a retreat from the usual fixations of the earlier sustainable development pressure groups , such the supposed exhaustion of raw materials for growth , or the sheer technical inability of the world to feed its expanding population , or biodiversity .
What was supposed to be a major international effort at mediation is deteriorating into an apocalyptic Israeli-Iranian showdown .
But the price that was supposedly paid by the Palestinians touched another neuralgic lobe in the European mind .
But the security that this scheme was supposed to produce could never really be achieved ; the centrality of the Arab-Israeli conflict could not be attenuated .
For example , although the United Nations Mission in Sudan is supposed to monitor implementation of the CPA , Darfur has practically monopolized its attention .
Indeed , Israel insists that it is , after all , Iran , not Israel 's supposed nuclear capabilities , that triggered the current Middle East nuclear arms race .
After all , the current strategy has not really worked either as a deterrent against conventional attacks -LRB- which persisted throughout the years that Israel supposedly developed its nuclear arsenal -RRB- or as a warning to rivals -LRB- such as Iran -RRB- against developing a nuclear weapon .
After all , she explained to a European colleague , one is not supposed to abuse one 's banker .
Now a constitutional reform supposedly aimed at `` promoting Turkey 's EU membership '' would further curb the army 's role as the guardian of the secular state and strengthen government control of the judiciary .
In an era of ballistic missiles and other weapons of mass destruction , and in which the planned Palestinian state is supposed to be demilitarized , why is it so vital for Israel to see its army `` sit along the Jordan River '' ?
Indeed , the last war that Israel won `` elegantly '' -- in the way that Netanyahu imagines that wars should be won -- began from the supposedly `` indefensible '' 1967 lines .
Last February 's Mecca agreement , which created the Fatah-Hamas unity government , was supposed to establish a civilized system of power-sharing .
It was also the West European financial regulators and supervisors who , under `` home rule , '' were supposed to discourage these excesses .
Bankers were once supposed to know every borrower , and to make case-by-case lending decisions .
Limits on borrowing that make it difficult to earn an adequate return on equity encourage banks to load up on riskier , high-profit-margin loans -- and requiring banks to hold more capital for supposedly riskier categories of assets exacerbates the problem .
For example , during the referendum campaign in France for the European constitution , the `` Polish plumber '' became a symbol of the threat that European integration was supposed to pose to French workers ' standards of living .
So far , many studies have been conducted to verify the supposed beneficial effects of antioxidant supplements .
In six months , a deal is supposed to be struck in Copenhagen , so the MEF meeting comes at a vital moment .
Talk about the so-called `` peace dividend '' that was supposed to come with the fall of the Berlin Wall has been silenced .
But contrary to common perception , Iraqi Shiites do not form a homogenous block that opposes the supposedly unified Sunnis .
But exaggerating the supposed Shia threat has a price .
The changes are supposed to make the executive branch accountable to the elected parliament , expand the prime minister 's authority , devolve more power to the provinces , and ensure independence to the judiciary .
Infernal or not , one might argue that justice is supposed to be blind , in the sense that no one -- not even the greatest filmmaker -- is above the law or entitled to escape from it .
Japan , whose armed forces were entirely blamed for driving the country into the catastrophic Pacific War , was not even supposed to have an army or navy after the war .
Populism everywhere is driven by fear and resentment : fear of being powerless , without status or privilege , and resentment of those -- educated liberal elites , foreigners who supposedly take our jobs , and Muslims , Jews , blacks , or illegal immigrants -- who seem to enjoy undeserved benefits .
New populist parties garner large numbers of votes simply by frightening people about the supposed horrors of Islam , or of clashing civilizations .
The cozy relationships between government officials and the corporate world -- and not just in the case of TEPCO -- was reflected in the large number of retired bureaucrats who took jobs on the boards of companies that they had supposedly regulated .
Are we really supposed to admire and love modern monarchies , such as the British House of Windsor , even more so today , just because some new princess has been plucked from the middle class ?
In this sense , monarchy is a little like Islam , or the Catholic Church : all believers are supposed to be equal in the eyes of God , or the Pope , or the Emperor -- hence the appeal to the poor and the marginalized .
More than that , the arrest of DSK was supposedly revenge for France 's protection of another man accused of sexual crimes , Roman Polanski , and for the French ban on the burqa .
The common man , rooted in the real world , supposedly knows better : uncompromising toughness , the hard line , is the only way to get results .
He was sent into retirement supposedly because of his advanced age , but there are even older figures in North Korea 's gerontocracy .
Pension funds might be subjected to arbitrary treatment . But this is precisely the situation that Social Security reform was supposed to eliminate .
Given this background , it is no surprise that Poland has forged a type of Catholic `` Europhobe '' who objects to the EU not because of the Euro or some supposed threat to national sovereignty , but because of what Europe represents morally and spiritually .
The Court was not supposed to hold specific individuals criminally responsible ; that is the job of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia -LRB- ICTY -RRB- .
The result is that Berlusconi 's supposed allies such as former Minister Gianfranco Micciche and current Governor of Sicily Raffaele Lombardo , are seriously thinking of setting up a `` Party of the South '' to ensure that Italy 's southern regions have enough clout to withstand the Lega Nord 's onslaught .
To begin , the presumed causes of homosexuality are shrouded in pseudo-scientific theories and psycho-babble : homosexuals supposedly suffer from hormonal imbalances , or were sexually abused as children , or constitute an indeterminate `` third sex '' that is neither male nor female , or had absent fathers and over-protective mothers .
Caste-based `` reservations '' -LRB- reserved places -RRB- in education and government employment are supposed to benefit India 's most deprived , but in reality they have hardened , rather than eroded , India 's ancient system of discrimination .
Significantly , in contrast to its increasingly vituperative attacks on the Dalai Lama , China has not denounced -LRB- or derecognized -RRB- its Karmapa , although his flight to India signaled its failure to retain the loyalty of a supposed puppet .
In 2010 , the United Nations International Year of Biodiversity , governments are supposed to reduce substantially the rate of loss of the world 's rich array of animals , plants , and other organisms .
Moreover , how is our government supposed to get millions of farmers to give up their barbaric ancestral habit ?
Because national , religious , and folk traditions are supposed to be protected across the Union , our unsavory habit of slaughtering squealing pigs can be preserved even as Romania enters the EU .
As long as Iraqis face daily threats of larceny , kidnapping , and murder -- particularly from those who are supposed to protect them -- they will seek security from neighborhood gangs and militias .
One , of course , concerns the supposed `` clash of civilisations '' : how do we keep a focused and limited conflict between the UN and Iraq distinct from the need to maintain a relationship of dialogue between world religions ?
The EU supposedly expresses it .
Almost everywhere , globalization has produced both a new class of multi-millionaires and an underclass comprising people who are not just poor in the statistical sense of earning less than half the national average , but who are excluded from opportunities that are supposed to be open to all .
A Crisis of Trust LONDON -- Public trust in financial institutions , and in the authorities that are supposed to regulate them , was an early casualty of the financial crisis .
These tools were supposed to be as reliable as those used in engineering . Having ushered scientific socialism into its grave at the Cold War 's end , we quickly found ourselves embracing another Science of Man .
If we cleave to the false security of a supposed science that is n't working , and forget about the philosophy behind it , ideas like personal responsibility and the right to fail , our leaders will very scientifically give us no recovery at all .
For most of the past decade the world has been lectured to by Americans who proclaimed the perfection of the US economy : its focus on competition , loose labor regulation , and a modest social safety net , all of which supposedly delivered dynamism and high growth rates .
America 's model of corporate governance was supposed to rely on the following set of factors :
· managerial failures were supposed to trigger hostile takeovers ;
· even before a takeover occurs , managers were supposed to be disciplined by fears of a revolt by their boards of directors , especially when the directors think that the company might be become a target of a hostile takeover ;
Within those constraints , American managers were supposed to exercise considerably more discretion than their foreign counterparts , so that they could use their business judgment without being shackled and second-guessed .
No surprise , then , that bosses who could n't legitimately show the market strong profits cooked the books , often with the help of their supposedly independent accountants .
These measures , too , are supposedly doomed because they all involve increasing governments ' liabilities , and financial markets are at a tipping point with respect to sovereign debt .
Solving any of these three problems would go a long way toward resolving the long-run financing imbalance between current tax rates and America 's long-run social-insurance promises that the debt-ceiling debate 's instigators supposedly want to address .
Investors funding the capital inflow and the country receiving the money always think up reasons why this time the inflow is sustainable , because it reflects some supposed permanent transformation of fundamentals .
No one in this supposedly conservative administration had ever heard of Machiavelli 's 500-year-old warning not to trust exiles ?
The years 1985 to 2000 were the era in which development was to be financed by private lending to countries that adopted the market-friendly and market-conforming policies that were supposed to lead to high returns and rapid growth .
European integration was supposed to take care of this by driving decades of rapid economic growth as companies realize continent-wide economies of scale .
On the Republican side , hacks , spin masters , and many people who ought to have known better suddenly developed an extraordinary appreciation for something called the `` CPS Household Survey of Employment '' as a supposed guide to month-to-month changes in the labor market .
At this point , I as a pundit am supposed to come up with my magic plan , my clever scheme for fixing things and putting the world to rights .
In the generation before World War I , the safe assets were thought to be the debt of governments tied to the gold standard , which supposedly offered protection against the inflationary populist viruses that afflicted countries like Mexico , France , or the United States .
So my guess is that we would be well-advised to put our money on the theory that our central bankers today are more skilled , more far-sighted , and less prone to either short-sightedly jerking themselves around or being jerked around by political masters who unpredictably change the objectives they are supposed to pursue year after year .
But this was -- or was supposed to be -- transient .
The idea took hold that tax cuts should be undertaken all the time , at every opportunity , because reducing taxes supposedly raised revenue .
But the book does not tell us what `` depression economics '' is supposed to replace .
At the time of the December 1971 Smithsonian Agreement , 308 yen to the dollar was supposed to do the trick .
In retrospect , it is easy to see why none of these supposed equilibrium exchange rates delivered external balance .
Long life is our desire , eternal youth our supposed right , and the myth of the body without origin or limits our new religion .
For the criminal\/terrorist heart of the supposedly disbanded Kosovo Liberation Army continues to fortify its power and to expand into Macedonia , Southern Serbia and Montenegro .
On the contrary , we Europeans present ourselves , in contrast to the supposedly `` arrogant Americans , '' as world champions of `` tolerance , '' which even Germany 's interior minister , Otto Schily , justifiably criticizes .
Even more troubling is the fact that the euro remains in the doldrums . It was supposed to dethrone the dollar or , at least , challenge American financial hegemony .
The euro 's problems , however , are not spawned in such supposed soft money countries as France or Italy , Greece or Spain -- to round up the usual suspects . Nor are higher-inflation successes like Finland or Ireland to blame .
I was supposed to put forward Russian proposals on the new security concept to the NATO-Russia Council -LRB- NRC -RRB- last September . But the Alliance refused to hold the scheduled meeting following the Georgia crisis .
The NRC also was supposed to act as a forum for `` holding prompt consultations '' in crisis situations and to prevent such crises by `` early identification of emerging problems . ''
The Uribe Model A left-wing tide has supposedly been sweeping Latin America .
The Ottomans introduced the practice of `` judicial royal fratricide , '' supposedly to prevent civil war .
Not so in modern Western democracies , where personal passions are , at least in theory , supposed to be completely separate from the impersonal representation of group interests .
`` Colleges '' of regulators , the supposed solution , are inadequate .
In each case where fiscal consolidation supposedly was expansionary , the economy grew because of some third factor .
Now we supposedly see a similar problem in the US .
In fact , this supposed explanation for British decline has not stood the test of time .
Resolving that crisis is both easier and more difficult than is commonly supposed .
In September of that year , Bundesbank President Helmut Schlesinger made some reckless comments about how devaluations within Europe 's system of supposed stable exchange rates `` can not be ruled out . '' Schlesinger 's unguarded remarks signaled that the Bundesbank was not willing to do whatever it took to preserve the system -- a signal that encouraged investors to place massive bets against the British pound and Italian lira .
TILBURG , NETHERLANDS -- The 1980 's was the decade in which high inflation was supposedly consigned to the dustbin of history , while the 1990 's were all about the so-called new economy .
A United Nations peacekeeping force deployed in eastern Congo was supposed to have protected the region 's civilians ; the peacekeeping force 's failure to safeguard the women has gone unremarked , in part , because a veil of silence surrounds what is occurring .
Is n't the ECB supposed to be a politically independent and operationally autonomous institution committed to fighting inflation and safeguarding the currency ?
Too many question marks about their national unity are said to exist , too many internal conflicts linger , and their records on political and judicial reforms are supposedly dubious .
NATO is supposed to be a beacon for countries struggling to establish democracy and freedom .
The Dutch government has resigned over the Srebrenica massacre of 1995 , which occurred when the supposedly `` safe '' enclave of Srebrenica , supposedly defended by a battalion of Dutch UN troops , surrendered to heavily armed Serb militias .
`` I feel like myself again on Paxil , '' says the woman in advertisements for that antidepressant ; so , supposedly , do users of Prozac , Ritalin , Botox , Propecia , Xenical , anabolic steroids , cosmetic surgery , hormone replacement therapy , and sex-reassignment surgery .
Earlier this month , Chinese twitterati helped get the GFW onto the list of Twitter 's top ten `` trending topics '' -LRB- or most tweeted terms -RRB- -- an impressive feat given that Twitter is supposed to be inaccessible in China .
A Communist Party without Communism PRINCETON -- Russian President Vladimir Putin 's anointment of Alexander Medvedev to succeed him in what is supposed to be a democratic presidential election next March shows that Russia 's leaders have not changed a whit .
Lower asset prices may slow total investment growth and GDP , but if the slowdown is -LRB- supposedly -RRB- from 11 % to 9 % , China will avoid economic over-heating yet still enjoy sustainable high growth .
It created so-called `` Central Bank Bills , '' which commercial banks are supposed to buy voluntarily .
Never mind that America 's bilateral trade deficit with China , even including Hong Kong , accounts for less than one-fifth of the total US deficit : growing imports from China and more direct investment by US companies supposedly fueled US unemployment .
Although the majority of China 's exports now come from private companies that receive virtually no loans from state banks , American candidates in previous elections routinely sought to curry favor with working class voters by vowing to protect US jobs against China 's supposedly unfair business practices .
The new treaty is supposed to become effective in 2009 .
That , in turn , would have triggered the collapse of supposedly `` too big to fail '' banks and insurance companies , not just in Europe , but worldwide .
Are we , as many commentators have argued , witnessing the consequences of the so-called `` neo-Ottoman '' foreign policy of Turkey 's Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- government , which is supposedly aimed at switching camps and returning to the country 's oriental Islamic roots ?
The supposed `` civilian '' nuclear ambitions of Iran have thus , for instance , led to a large number of such `` civilian '' programs in neighboring states .
Europe 's failure to play a role in resolving this conflict does not result from its supposed anti-Israeli views , but from the fact that the EU is not a state .
France is mostly concerned with its own problems , particularly the supposed malfunctioning of its political class and the apparent laziness of the French public , which is blamed for weak economic growth , especially when compared to the United States .
Yet , at each stage in the crisis , Iran 's supposed `` friends '' have let it down .
Ahmedinejad was supposed to give a major speech to a huge rally in Teheran , which he canceled at the last moment , and when he did speak , it was to announce that the captives would soon be released .
A fast food chain , on the other hand , is supposedly a `` smart organization '' because it makes the most of its relatively low-skilled staff through the alchemy of good management .
Whereas `` Web 1.0 '' facilitated the storage and transmission of vast amounts of different kinds of information in cyberspace , `` Web 2.0 '' supposedly renders the whole process interactive , removing the final frontier separating the transmitter and receiver of information .
But Myanmar and the other Mekong River countries are supposed to be the country 's `` good neighbors , '' and are completely within reach of Chinese power , so public anger over threats to the country 's interests in these places is intense .
Indeed , though supposedly grouping the world 's largest economies , the G8 now includes a country with an economy the size of Holland 's , even if it is still excluded from deliberations of the other members ' finance ministers .
To be sure , French and Dutch citizens did not respond to the question that they were supposed to answer .
To be sure , French and Dutch citizens did not respond to the question that they were supposed to answer .
Fat Chance ATLANTA -- We are , supposedly , in the midst of an obesity epidemic .
Airliners and fighter planes operate in `` controlled '' air close to the ground , while nationality is supposed to matter less the higher you go .
We are supposed to help stabilize the region around Afghanistan , for example , but only in order to create a `` greater Central Asia '' that will not include Russia .
Dominique de Villepin 's government turned away from this challenge in favor of `` economic patriotism '' -- that is , protecting supposed national champions from foreign takeover .
Simply put , pan-eurozone financial governance had supposedly won the day .
The solution to this conundrum was supposed to have been the Stability and Growth Pact , working in tandem with the so-called `` no bailout '' clause in the Maastricht Treaty .
The US , preoccupied with the supposed specter of a `` clash of civilizations '' between Islam and the West , saw the AKP 's modern , westernized face as an opportunity and urged the EU to admit Turkey .
Twenty years after the world supposedly reached `` the end of history , '' we are instead at another historical turning point .
For example , because atheists supposedly lack a moral compass , they should be guided by pure self-interest and walk by the drowning child .
Unlike many Western politicians who insincerely seek to placate Russia , supposedly in the interests of peace and friendship , I believe that friendship with Russia is served best if we act towards it as equals and tell the truth to its face , unpleasant as this may be .
The very same people often believe in other manifestations of inevitability , such as various supposed laws of the market and other `` invisible hands '' that direct our lives .
Moreover , according to the new constitution that was supposedly `` approved '' by the `` referendum , '' Daw Aung San Suu Kyi , who has never been prosecuted and still remains under house arrest , is barred from standing in the 2010 general elections under the pretext that her deceased husband was British .
Given that there are little more than two months until the Copenhagen summit on climate change , which is supposed to frame the successor agreement to the Kyoto Protocol , this is depressing .
Avoiding this perception is sometimes difficult : in much of the region , US media are perceived as an arm of a supposedly omnipotent America .
When the supposedly most enlightened and liberal of those constituencies resorts to illiberal discourse and intolerant measures , tendencies toward bigotry and ideological irrationality are reinforced .
Wars in Afghanistan and Iraq were predicated , at least in part , on spreading freedom ; similarly , the Middle East Partnership Initiative is supposed to make democracy the centerpiece of American assistance in the region .
But , even if the measures worked as supposed , the majority of trade defense measures are probably not directed against anti-competitive business practices .
Such firms undoubtedly start to clamor for protection against supposedly `` unfair '' conditions .
After all , one must remember , the Bolivarian Revolution 's supposed `` enemy '' is the US , and no one else .
Harvesting machines were supposed to lower the quality of grain , as it was no longer subject to immediate inspection by the human eye .
Proprietary trading was justified not because it created large profits for banks -LRB- it did -RRB- , but because it was supposed to create markets and provide liquidity for rarely traded instruments .
The huge profits were supposed to be the reward for the provision of a public service .
After the collapse of the Bretton Woods exchange-rate regime in the early 1970 's , it was widely supposed that a flexible currency system would bring more stability .
There were two American strategies to prize open Japan 's supposedly closed economy .
That , in turn , has created a new set of worries for banks that are over-exposed to supposedly secure government debt .
Both terms originated as criticisms that were supposed to undermine and subvert the political tendencies they described .
Money from the international financial institutions was complemented by new money that creditor banks were supposed to put up as part of the price of being `` rescued '' by the IMF .
Children supposedly liked the pink bread .
Then , as Chinese were wondering why 2008 , a year of supposed good fortune marked by the lucky number eight , had started with so much misfortune , a deadly earthquake struck Sichuan province , killing 80,000 people and leaving millions homeless .
In principle , the IMF is supposed to press countries with undervalued exchange rates to let their currencies appreciate .
As we approach the global climate talks in Copenhagen this December , much debate has focused on the supposed conflicting interests of big business and the climate .
There is unmistakable continuity between Joseph McCarthy 's attacks on President Harry Truman 's administration for `` losing '' China , and for supposed `` appeasement '' and even `` treason '' and Dick Cheney 's and Karl Rove 's refrains assailing Obama for opposing the Iraq war , not to mention Sarah Palin 's charge during the election campaign that Obama had been `` palling around with terrorists . ''
Going on to accuse Soros of creating a shadow government in the US , the show claims that this `` greatly resembles '' similar organizations that `` he has created in other countries '' supposedly `` before instigating a coup . ''
Despite a supposed offensive by Pakistan 's government against the TTP in some of the tribal regions , a recent documentary reported that the group is now recruiting young children to carry out suicide attacks .
In May , the Iranian , Turkish , and Brazilian leaders met in Tehran to conclude an agreement that would supposedly have Iran deposit 1,200 kilograms of lightly enriched uranium -LRB- LEU -RRB- in Turkey , which , in exchange , would send 120 kilograms of enriched fuel to be used in Iran 's research reactor .
The emerging stew of Weltpolitik thickened even more with Israel 's pre-emptive move in international waters to stop a flotilla supposedly bringing relief aid to blockaded Gaza .
Nowadays , however , the SCO is often used as a forum to campaign against supposed American unilateralism and to provide a united front -- especially between China and Russia -- against the US with respect to security and arms-reduction issues in the region .
But he has since been subjected to violent and arbitrary reprisals in this supposed `` safe haven . ''
One reason is that the supposed resolution of the `` Kaliningrad problem '' -- the Russian enclave cut off from Russia when Lithuania and Poland joined the EU -- turned out to be no solution at all .
For example , there is talk of installing anti-missile defense systems in Poland in proximity to the Russian border , supposedly to prevent terrorist missile strikes , which by definition can not reach Poland .
It is ironic to see Iran 's radical Islamist president portray himself as open to resuming US-Iran relations and suffer for it at the hands of a supposedly pragmatic Supreme Leader .
Indeed , leaders in all the supposed `` rogue states '' know that their societies would cease to exist if they attacked America with nuclear or biological weapons .
After four years of a presidency supposedly devoted to forging a `` dictatorship of law , '' the rule of law in Russia remains weak and property rights ill defined .
But the fact that Russia 's social and economic diseases are going unaddressed has consigned the country to the long-term decline that his presidency was supposed to reverse .
The last one seated , it is supposed , will become Russia 's next president .
In Russia , however , the KGB is famous for turning the tables in any struggle with the Kremlin apparat . So no one but Yeltsin and Berezovsky was surprised when Putin , their supposed marionette , began pulling the strings .
Russia is supposed to be a mystery , but it rarely surprises the world in living down to expectations : most analysts were certain that Putin would find a way to stay in power even without amending the constitution .
What if the supposed puppet starts to pull the strings ?
A gold medal signified the sporting abilities and dedication of individual athletes , not the supposed merits of the political system that produced them .
The Prophet and the Commissars MOSCOW -- Prophets , it is said , are supposed to be without honor in their homeland .
In today 's supposedly free and democratic Russia , however , Solzhenitsyn is idealized for his nationalism and Orthodox messianism , his contempt for the West 's supposed decadence , all messages that Putin 's regime proclaims loudly and daily .
Once he brings about truly modernizing reforms , people will supposedly follow willingly , forgetting centuries of serfdom , the dictatorship of the proletariat , the political chaos and economic free-fall of the 1990 's , and the decade of Putin 's managed democracy .
US Vice President Joe Biden , usually a sharp critic of Russia , arrived in Moscow in March , supposedly to convince Putin to surrender his presidential ambitions for 2012 .
ANKARA -- Nowadays , the international media are obsessed with the question of who `` lost '' Turkey and what that supposed loss means for Europe and the West .
Deng 's invasion of Vietnam in 1979 was supposed to be another `` teach a lesson '' war .
One hopes that North Korea 's recent behavior -- the sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan in March , and now the shelling of Yeonpyeong island -LRB- which followed a supposedly `` accidental '' shooting incident in the DMZ in October -RRB- -- will focus minds in Beijing .
Back then , that debacle seemed to presage a broader US withdrawal from Asia , with a war-weary American public seeking the supposed comforts of isolationism .
But , just as Kan is planning only to `` discuss '' raising taxes , the supposedly clean DPJ is planning only to discuss the problem of money in politics by establishing a new non-partisan commission to investigate the problem .
But in 1993 , having failed to gain control of the party , he bolted , along with 45 other Diet members to create the Shinsei Party , supposedly to press for electoral reform .
The homogeneity of Europe 's nation states is decreasing , with immigrants posing a growing challenge for social solidarity , while the European Union as a whole faces a similar dilemma : is a Dutchman in Amsterdam supposed to feel as much solidarity with a Greek in Athens as with a fellow Dutchman in Rotterdam ?
The big downside of the currency peg for Europe is supposed to be exports .
It 's time for a pause in European integration efforts if only to avoid a complete , irreparable rupture of relations between nations that are supposed to be uniting .
Mr. Olechowski , despite his success was , after the elections , totally neglected by the Union of Freedom -LRB- with which he was supposed to be very close -RRB- and by the Solidarity right .
The stated goal of the new alliance was to establish what Kaczynski calls the `` Fourth Republic '' -LRB- implying a constitutional break with the supposedly compromised post-1989 Third Republic -RRB- .
The Fourth Republic is supposed to be republican , rather than liberal , with greater state involvement in the economy .
The 1993 Oslo accords set in motion a peace process that was supposed to last five years , with the end goal being an independent Palestinian state and a safe , secure , and recognized Israel .
The environmental movement 's supposedly key concept is `` sustainable development . ''
Much of the supposed evidence that this so-called `` Subaltern '' school of historians provides takes the form of contemporary anthropological studies of regions like southern India or parts of medieval central India .
They stoked supposed resentments among different national or ethnic communities based on Lenin 's idea that even small groups of villages could demand territorial autonomy .
The demands were never about normal cultural autonomy as a means of continued identity and supposed self-protection .
Little wonder , then , that international investors do not regard emerging-markets with floating currencies as inherently riskier , notwithstanding their supposed lower credibility .
The Movement Towards Socialism -LRB- MAS -RRB- , led by the peasant leader Evo Morales , is proposing a state-led industrialization model based on gas revenues , part of which are also supposed to support small farming , petty traders , and artisans of all sorts .
The political community of the 1950 's that France had persuaded its five European partners to accept was supposed to absorb both the European Coal and Steel Community and the EDC .
It was simply taken for granted that what is supposed to be public space - the streets of Moscow - was appropriated for a vaguely menacing private message .
Indeed , these governments promote constitutional reforms that seek to authorize perpetual re-election and supposedly new forms of participation that , in fact , hollow out representative democracy from within .
More recently we worried that the planet might freeze , and then that technology would grind to a halt because of a computer bug that was supposed to be unleashed at the turn of the millennium .
Consider the recent `` lights out '' campaign that supposedly should energize the world about the problems of climate change by urging citizens in 27 big cities to turn out their lights for an hour .
For example , the recent breakup of a massive glacier in the Antarctic supposedly proves the mounting effects of global warming .
Adopted because of the climate panic , bio-fuels were supposed to reduce CO2 emissions .
The IPCC is by statute `` politically neutral '' -- it is supposed to tell us just the facts and leave the rest to politicians and the people who elect them .
The men of the Special Republican Guard are supposed to be loyal because they are recruited largely from Saddam 's own al-Bu Nasir tribe around Tikrit .
China , in particular , should weigh carefully the long-term political price of celebrating its supposed victory over Japan .
I assumed that I was supposed to be provoked into unguarded comments , a method that fashionable TV journalists everywhere use nowadays .
Here , no one will intervene except to reinforce the application of the patriarch 's rights -- say , in stoning a supposedly wayward girl , or turning a blind eye to so-called `` honor killings '' of women .
Abe and his ministers were simply not provided with critical facts by the bureaucrats who are supposed to serve them .
This cozy relationship was supposedly dissolved when the traditional Sumo circle was modernized , becoming today 's JSA .
As scandalous as it might be , these sums are mere peanuts compared to the $ 4.5 billions in oil revenues supposedly siphoned away from African government coffers over the last decade .
In contrast , the phenomenon of dissociative amnesia supposedly entails victims ' inability to remember their traumatic experiences , not an inability to remember their entire lives or who they are .
Even the UN -- the institution that Schröder was supposedly defending -- has been diminished by his fecklessness .
For the UN is supposed to be the watchdog of human rights , the most basic of which is the right to eat .
Consider high technology , where America is supposed to excel .
They staked their claim on the tribal , sectarian , and multiethnic nature of Iraq , which , in the absence of dictatorship , would supposedly incite Iraq 's collapse into a `` failed state , '' with rampant warlordism , ethnic and religious feuds , and harboring of terrorist organizations .
Bad as it sounds , this prospect appears to be a `` realistic '' compromise between the supposedly utopian vision of a flourishing , unified democracy and the wretchedness of a failed state .
The success of the `` balance of terror '' presupposed a mixture of confrontation and dialogue between two `` rational actors . ''
Yet opposition to Sarkozy remains high , and not only among minorities and young people , who have registered to vote in high numbers , supposedly to oppose him and his heavy use of the police in the banlieues .
`` Bonaparte '' may be about to triumph easily over `` Joan of Arc , '' as some foreign commentators like to describe the two leading candidates , but Sarkozy 's supposedly `` Bonapartist '' qualities have fueled a potent sense of apprehension .
The Chinese today sound almost as stunned by the supposed mistreatment of the Olympic torch in London , Paris , and San Francisco as Americans were back in 2001 : `` Why do they hate us so much ? '' `` What have we done to them ? ''
And what about the foreign workers who have reached for the `` European dream '' and are now faced with potential explosions of xenophobia in Europe 's supposedly open countries ?
That supposedly buried past was always there , poised to erupt with a vengeance once the economic miracle slowed or stopped .
Trade links between the two countries are old and deep-rooted , and they were supposed to benefit after Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's visit to Turkey in 2008 , when it was decided that bilateral trade should double , to $ 20 billion , by 2011 , and reach $ 30 billion in 2012 .
Still others blame the `` invisible hand of America , '' which is supposed to fear that Iran and Turkey could become too powerful .
He also drew on the philosophy of `` personalism , '' which was highly fashionable in the 1930 's , as it sought a middle way between individualist liberalism and communitarian socialism , and insisted that `` persons '' always had a spiritual dimension that materialistic liberalism supposedly failed to acknowledge .
On the other hand , they have painted themselves as sworn enemies of the left 's supposed moral relativism -- an image for which the recourse to religion is obviously helpful .
Making `` integration courses '' and language instruction compulsory , prohibiting headscarves in schools , as in France , or restricting the rights of immigrants to marry foreigners , as in Denmark , are just some instances of coercive measures adopted in the name of supposedly universal liberal values .
Tests should communicate lessons about rights and democracy , that is , politics -- not about lifestyles or the supposed core content of a `` national culture '' -LRB- on which established members of a host country themselves would probably be hard pressed to reach consensus -RRB- .
Put more simply : they were supposed to make it up as they went along .
If so , the people on the squares of Madrid , Athens , and New York are not so much demonstrating against those in power -- give or take a few anarchists -- as demonstrating to those in power that they should feel ashamed for having reneged on supposedly shared commitments .
And , unfortunately , such assessments tend to focus on the supposed immobilism that derives from Islamic norms , which obscures knowledge of the real changes that are taking place .
Political dissidents and others in similar categories brought before State forensic psychiatrists are often treated as the most `` serious and dangerous '' of all supposed mentally ill offenders , and face compulsory committal in these secretive institutions .
Kamerhe 's supposed offense was diverging from the official party line , thereby weakening Kabila 's standing with the Congolese public .
The government 's willingness to address squarely questions about shoddy infrastructure will be a key test of the genuineness of its supposed new found tolerance of freeish speech .
But this does not explain why these groups supposedly hate each other so much .
Rebuilding the Brain For many years , it was thought that all of our brain cells -LRB- neurons -RRB- are produced before birth , or exceptionally , up to one or two years after birth , but then the process supposedly stopped .
Even in supposedly friendly countries like Jordan and Pakistan , more people say they trust Osama Bin Laden than George Bush .
He has removed generals John Abizaid and George Casey , who were skeptical of a troop `` surge , '' and moved Ambassador Zalmay Khalizad , who was supposed to negotiate a political agreement in Iraq .
Things were not supposed to turn out this way .
As the journalist Marcus Walker recently put it , Europe `` was supposed to come of age as an actor on the world stage , bolstered by the Lisbon Treaty .
Voters have been subjected to a barrage of outlandish claims : the Treaty would supposedly introduce abortion into Ireland -LRB- it is outlawed under Ireland 's constitution -RRB- , abolish Ireland 's low corporate-tax rate , and introduce a European army that would soon be sending Irish boys home from distant battlefields in body bags .
On the No side : a disparate coalition drawn from both the far right and the far left , including ultra-Catholics and unreconstructed Marxists , has sought to whip up hysteria about supposed threats ranging from military conscription to euthanasia and abortion .
A Gazan Education GAZA -- This was supposed to be my first year of medical school .
There is no clothing left in my father 's shop , which was supposed to support my brother and me during our studies .
From Middle Israel to Middle Palestine Haifa -- Americans speak of `` Middle America '' and Britons of `` Middle England . '' Both are near mythic places that supposedly embody the authentic character of the nation .
Back then , historians and sociologists dug into Zionism supposed `` sins '' -- for example , that Israel 's Arab citizens have never , to this day , enjoyed equal civil rights .
Instead , he sought information from Villanueva , supposedly to use against the government 's enemies .
The fact that inventories have not risen supposedly exonerates oil speculators .
Above all , to be `` strong , '' you 're supposed to be giving orders .
Despite the fact that the victories of Felipe Calderon in Mexico , Alvaro Uribe in Colombia and Alan Garcia in Peru put a stop to a supposed tsunami of Socialist victories , the trend toward the left is unmistakable .
2009 is supposed to see the conclusion of an agreement on global warming and climate change to succeed and build on the Kyoto Protocol .
The introduction of the euro was supposed to spur the less dynamic and competitive European economies , mostly in the south of the continent , to drive down their costs and increase their competitiveness .
This will , supposedly , eradicate a field of poppies , provide local people with protein from fish and fowl , help reforestation and also bring employment to local children .
In the end , it was the EU 's eastern flank -- the supposedly money-hungry and immature democracies -- that called most loudly for a compromise in the name of salvaging political integration , while most of the old European democracies ruthlessly fought for their own `` national interests . ''
Now it is becoming increasingly difficult for them to explain why their wives and children are buying palaces in the capitals of countries that are supposedly Russia 's sworn enemies .
Now comes the supposed news that the Himalayan glaciers are not , in fact , retreating , and will therefore not disappear by 2035 .
None of these American exits was without consequence . But , while the US suffered costs to its reputation around the world , the supposed advantages from this for America 's opponents proved illusory .
Nowadays , more and more problems are being redefined as `` disorders '' or `` illnesses , '' supposedly caused by genetic predispositions and biochemical imbalances .
When Kellenberger cheers on the rise of a civil society supposedly determined to `` bring about greater respect for human rights and humanitarian law , '' he is mistaking his dreams for reality .
In practice , while the official campaign is supposed to last only two months -LRB- long enough in a democracy , in which candidates have to endure an unrelenting media barrage -RRB- , the jockeying of potential candidates , together with the media 's appetite for a horse race , helped kick off the real campaign nearly a year and a half ago .
The policies of deregulation , privatization , and trade liberalization -LRB- the so-called Washington Consensus -RRB- that countries adopted in the 1980 's , supposedly marked the victory of professional economists over populist politicians .
Real and sustainable change is supposedly possible only by transforming the `` rules of the game '' -- the manner in which governments operate and relate to the private sector .
What makes news nowadays is the growing list of mainstream economists who are questioning globalization 's supposedly unmitigated virtues .
Financial globalization was supposed to have enabled poor , undercapitalized countries to gain access to the savings of rich countries .
It was supposed to have promoted risk-sharing globally .
We would have heard about a long-list of mortgage-related instruments , which supposedly made financing available to home buyers who would not have been able to purchase homes otherwise .
For a wealthy economy that is supposed to contribute to global economic stability , Germany is not only failing to do its fair share , but is free-riding on other countries ' economies .
For example , the alleged 2003 coup plot was supposedly discovered when CDs containing detailed preparations -LRB- including assassination teams and plans to bomb two mosques -RRB- were delivered to a virulently anti-military newspaper .
These scholars have been pilloried in the media in recent weeks for supposedly having cozied up to Qaddafi .
Several defendants have shown that they were outside the country and had no access to the computers on which they supposedly authored the plans .
Perhaps most dramatically of all , the coup documents contain much information that could not possibly have been known at the time , including references to companies , NGOs , hospitals , and many other entities that were established years after the plan is supposed to have been hatched .
The charges again rest on electronic files , supposedly found in the defendants ' homes .
But the police made an elementary error that revealed the set-up : after supposedly receiving an anonymous tip about Ahmet A. -LRB- a pseudonym -RRB- , they mistakenly searched Ahmet B. 's home -- and yet somehow found the incriminating files among B. 's possessions . Ahmet B. is obviously not Ahmet A. , and the only explanation is that the evidence was planted -- in the wrong house .
The formalistic civil-law systems that prevail in continental Europe supposedly provide inadequate protection , so ownership remains concentrated .
At $ 6,000 , the average cost of a hip replacement is only a thousandth the cost of what it supposedly took to implant a bionic arm , eye , and two legs on the fictional `` The Six Million Dollar Man '' in the popular mid-1970 's TV show .
For a while , it consistently made outsized profits , supposedly due to its Nobel-prize backed financial expertise .
One such victim , a former student , called me the other day and asked , `` What am I supposed to do now , get a real job ? ''
Efficient financial systems are supposed to promote growth in the real economy , not impose a huge tax burden .
Thus , concerns about QE 's supposed ill effects are wildly overblown , and there is nothing especially challenging about eventually reversing course , either .
Evidently , investors were supposed to infer that for all practical purposes they should think of Spanish and German debt as identical -- the old hubris of the eurozone .
The reform treaty that is to be adopted in 2009 is aimed at overcoming the EU 's supposed `` democratic deficit . ''
The rules of the game are supposed to be like this : the side that loses recognizes that it is weaker and makes a deal involving concessions to avoid another costly conflict .
The sons ' interests allegedly also include forays into drug smuggling and illegal exports of archaeological treasures -- Egypt 's cultural heritage -- in partnership with Culture Minister Faruq Husni , who is supposed to safeguard them .
Ever since Winston Churchill led the conversion of Britain 's navy from coal to oil at the start of the last century , the Western powers have meddled incessantly in the affairs of Middle Eastern countries to keep the oil flowing , toppling governments and taking sides in wars in the supposed `` great game '' of energy resources .
A more peaceful world will be possible only when Americans and others begin to see things through the eyes of their supposed enemies , and realize that today 's conflicts , having resulted from desperation and despair , can be solved through economic development rather than war .
Political and economic reforms over the past decade were supposed to lead the country out of chronic economic crisis .
It is also possible that the exchange rate will not return to the long-run average if one economy is hit by a huge structural change . But such changes occur less frequently than is often supposed or alleged .
Many in the Bush Administration argue that aggressive policies toward Iraq can ultimately bring down autocratic governments in the Middle East the same way that the Reagan Administration supposedly brought down the `` evil '' Soviet empire .
That regime , in turn , is supposed to invite a longer stay by US troops , and to grant concessions to the US oil industry .
American reactions to the Abu Ghraib torture scenes , followed by the beheading of the American hostage Nicholas Berg , show clearly the route to barbarism in a supposedly civilized country .
To start , we can rule out Chile from the supposed leftist surge , for it is a country ruled by a centrist coalition of Ricardo Lagos 's European-style socialists and the country 's historic Christian democrats .
No doubt , his regime revels in all the historic forms of populism : messianic leadership , anti-American rhetoric , disregard for constitutional forms , drunken spending , and state-orchestrated popular mobilization to fill squares and jeer at supposed enemies .
In essence , the form of government we seek within Germany and across Europe is built on a sense of moral discourse and moral decision-making rather than on the supposedly eternal truth of some abstract political concept .
The post-war system of financial regulation was founded on three supposed lessons from the 1930 's .
The tests were supposed to reveal the true conditions of banks saddled with unaudited toxic assets in housing loans and financial derivatives .
What is different now is that this war -- a defining feature of the Yeltsin era -- was supposedly settled by President Putin early on in his administration , when he offered the oligarchs a deal : keep your wealth , we wo n't investigate how you got it , but stay out of politics .
In reality , however , losing a high-paying job may be a lifetime event , and the supposed retraining that wage insurance would encourage for a laid-off 50-year-old worker often may be ineffective .
The supposed threat posed by government debt levels has n't hurt these markets , at least in the relatively few countries that have inflation-indexed bonds .
From the Pentagon 's standpoint , however , the contractors did exactly what they were supposed to do : deliver the fuel at a reasonable price .
Yet ever since the Soviet Union 's collapse in 1991 , Russia and China have sought to rekindle the close relations that once supposedly existed between the USSR and Mao 's China before Khrushchev 's denunciation of Stalin in 1956 .
The Kremlin supposedly would not have opposed the deal .
The plot then takes another turn when Caesar becomes too big and aggressive to live in a human home , and is taken to what is supposed to be a primate sanctuary , but is in fact a dumping ground for unwanted apes , run by humans who display cruelty to the captive animals .
Instead , the roots of Taseer 's assassination lay in the dark delusions of fanatical belief , his killing supposedly undertaken to protect the faith .
The great economist Hyman Minsky 's `` merchants of debt '' sold their toxic products not only to the credulous and ignorant , but also to greedy corporations and supposedly savvy individuals .
The rich were supposed to save much of their income , as saving was both a fund for investment and a moral virtue .
Collateralized debt obligations -LRB- CDOs , mainly tied to mortgages -RRB- made a new population of aspiring homeowners supposedly creditworthy by enabling the originating banks to sell `` sub-prime '' debt to other investors .
Floating exchange rates were supposed to prevent countries from manipulating their currencies , but , by accumulating large quantities of US treasury bills , East Asian countries , especially China , kept their exchange rates artificially low .
Justice in distribution is supposedly secured by justice in exchange .
Keynes thought that the chief implicit assumption underlying the classical theory of the economy was that of perfect knowledge . `` Risks , '' he wrote , `` were supposed to be capable of an exact actuarial computation .
The calculus of probability ... was supposed to be capable of reducing uncertainty to the same calculable status as certainty itself ... ''
This also fuels opposition to government intervention , and to `` stimulus '' policies , which are supposedly redundant , if not harmful , since the events that require them can not happen -LRB- but do -RRB- .
In response to deflationary pressure , Fisher 's plan would have enabled banks to draw down their reserves and thus , supposedly , increase their lending -LRB- or create deposits -RRB- .
Is it really supposed that constant pressure to consume has no effect on preferences ?
The near certainty that the House of Representatives will be in Republican hands , and perhaps the Senate , too , means that America 's Congress will pounce on any supposed attempt by Kerry to `` sell out '' Bush 's war .
European powers have been just as mercurial in their alliance-building as any supposedly less principled powers .
But these same leaders , including that supposedly stern mistress of the budget Angela Merkel , were arguing less than two years ago that public spending would provide a `` Keynesian '' way out of the crisis .
This supposedly being a `` new Russia , '' cyber-dissidents are accused of violating intellectual property rights .
By confiscating the computers , the Russian police could supposedly verify whether or not the Microsoft software that the activists were using had been installed legally .
Yet popular resistance to these supposedly unfair entitlement reductions is stronger than expected .
France 's elected monarchs have few reasons to be proud of their supposedly efficient state .
The Treason of the Magistrates PARIS -- In democracies , justice is supposed to be independent .
Democracy is supposedly based on a separation and balance of institutional power .
It is high time for the supposed Fourth Estate -- the media -- to scrutinize the behavior and motives of judges and prosecutors , both individually and collectively , in the same way they do elected officials .
Biased views and misconceptions among market participants introduce uncertainty and unpredictability not only into market prices , but also into the fundamentals that those prices are supposed to reflect .
They are supposed to provide insurance against default to bondholders .
The banks were happy to earn a few extra pennies on supposedly risk-free assets and loaded up their balance sheets with the weaker countries ' government debt .
The euro was supposed to bring about economic convergence , but it produced divergences instead , because its architects did not realize that imbalances may emerge not only in the public sector , but in the private sector as well .
This was and is the result of an asset bubble fueled by excessive leverage and by the massive transparency issues associated with complex securities and derivatives that were supposed to spread risk , but instead mainly increased the systemic risk already present with excess debt .
A survey in 2001 of the two supposedly most polarized cities , Donetsk and Lviv , showed convergence in their approval of independent Ukraine , with only 1 % of respondents in Lviv and 5 % in Donetsk preferring that Ukraine be divided into two or more countries .
To slash inflation , expectations needed to be changed ; `` anchoring '' the currency to the dollar was supposed to do this .
Fiscal austerity was supposed to restore confidence .
Tax cuts were supposed to stimulate savings , but household savings in the US have plummeted to zero .
They were supposed to stimulate employment , but labor force participation is lower than in the 1990 's . What growth did occur benefited only the few at the top .
Learning the Lessons of Iraq NEW YORK -- The Iraq war has been replaced by the declining economy as the most important issue in America 's presidential election campaign , in part because Americans have come to believe that the tide has turned in Iraq : the troop `` surge '' has supposedly cowed the insurgents , bringing a decline in violence .
That is the key point : the surge was supposed to provide space for a political settlement , which would provide the foundations of long-term stability .
Meanwhile , too little is being done to help banks that actually do what banks are supposed to do -- lend money and assess creditworthiness .
This crisis raises fundamental questions about globalization , which was supposed to help diffuse risk .
In office , he had intervened when the supposedly independent board for setting accounting standards tried to clean up the accounting of senior executives ' share options .
Such corporations are rife with `` agency '' problems : while decision-makers -LRB- CEO 's -RRB- are supposed to act on behalf of their shareholders , they have enormous discretion to advance their own interests -- and they often do .
· Regulators , who are supposed to understand all of this and prevent actions that spur systemic risk , failed .
They , too , used flawed models and had flawed incentives ; too many did n't understand the role of regulation ; and too many became `` captured '' by those they were supposed to be regulating .
Dividends are supposed to be a share of profits ; here it was simply a share of government largesse .
As a result , financial markets , which are supposed to manage risk and allocate capital efficiently , created risk and misallocated wildly .
Worse still , they have received support from the Fed , which one might have expected to adopt a more cautious stance , given the scale of its past mistakes and the extent to which it is evident that it reflects the interests of the banks that it was supposed to regulate .
Mastering the specific information related to assessing creditworthiness and monitoring the performance of loans is precisely the kind of thing at which the private sector is supposed to excel .
In 2001 , lowering interest rates seemed to work , but not the way it was supposed to .
The rule of law is supposed to protect the weak against the strong , and ensure that everyone is treated fairly .
But Americans are not supposed to believe in justice on average .
In 2009 , we were pulled back from the brink of depression , and 2010 was supposed to be the year of transition : as the economy got back on its feet , stimulus spending could smoothly be brought down .
This episode serves as a reminder that central banks are political institutions , with a political agenda , and that independent central banks tend to be captured -LRB- at least `` cognitively '' -RRB- by the banks that they are supposed to regulate .
The anti-globalization protests in Seattle in 1999 , at what was supposed to be the inauguration of a new round of trade talks , called attention to the failures of globalization and the international institutions and agreements that govern it .
The trade negotiations that followed were different -- at least in principle , they were supposed to be a development round , to make up for some of the deficiencies highlighted by protesters -- and the International Monetary Fund subsequently undertook significant reforms .
But , on another level , they are asking for a great deal : a democracy where people , not dollars , matter , and a market economy that delivers on what it is supposed to do .
Abandoning `` convertibility , '' i.e. a fixed exchange rate system , was supposed to be a disaster - and it was .
Foreign ownership of banks was supposed to ensure their stability ; it was expected that foreign banks would come to the rescue of their Argentine subsidiaries if they needed money .
The Arthur Anderson , Enron , and WorldCom scandals did n't emerge out of thin air , but had their origins in the mid-1990s , when the US Treasury actually intervened to stop attempts by the supposedly independent accounting standards board to improve matters .
As research over the past three decades demonstrates , when information is imperfect -- as it always is ! -- Adam Smith 's invisible hand , by which the price system is supposed to guide the economy to efficient outcomes , is invisible in part because it is absent .
Here , political pressure , including from the US Treasury , was put on the supposedly independent Board not to make the change .
France , Portugal and Germany are all flagrantly flaunting the Stability Pact , the agreement among Eurozone members to keep their deficits below a critical threshold -LRB- 3 % of GDP today , but lower , supposedly , in the future -RRB- .
There is a long list of central bankers ' homilies that are not supposed to be questioned ; do so and you are exiled from the small circle of those who supposedly know how the world `` really '' works .
The move from communism to capitalism in Russia after 1991 was supposed to bring unprecedented prosperity .
These failures suggest that we should have less confidence in the supposed professional skills of technocrats -- or at least less confidence than they have in themselves .
From September 10-14 , trade ministers from around the world will meet for the next stage of what is supposed to be the Development Round of trade talks .
This round was supposed to redress those imbalances .
Yet the Euro was supposed to enhance growth by lowering interest rates and stimulating investment .
Economics is not supposed to be an exact science , but is n't this tardiness taking things a bit too far ?
Today , unemployment is the highest it has been since 1994 , at 6.2 % -LRB- far higher than the 5.3 % of Japan 's supposedly moribund economy -RRB- .
Yet they freely interfere with democratic processes within countries they are supposedly trying to help .
America and its `` coalition '' of the willing went to war in Iraq without the support of the UN , and the World Trade Organization meeting at Cancun -- which was supposed to provide the impetus for a successful conclusion of the Development Round of trade negotiations -- ended in failure .
While the President of Germany is not supposed to intervene in the day-to-day management of the country , his voice will no doubt be influential .
But this is supposedly a good thing , not a bad thing , because America should be specializing in its areas of comparative advantage , involving skilled labor and advanced technology .
But under the international rules that America is supposed to follow , wars should not be undertaken based on the judgment of one individual and his cabal .
But genuinely beneficial agricultural reform would need to go further than merely transforming export subsidies into other types of subsidies , because many supposedly non-distorting subsidies lead to more output , which hurts producers in developing countries by lowering prices .
Some have suggested waiting to address this issue until 2012 , when a revised protocol is supposed to come into effect .
Considerations of realpolitik dominated : America insisted on its supposed entitlement , and the IMF acquiesced .
IMF and World Bank structural adjustment policies combining trade liberalization with tight monetary policy were supposed to redirect resources from less productive to more productive uses .
More to the point , it did not bode well for a supposedly democratizing project to reject democratic processes at the UN .
The foreign companies ' contribution was supposed to be further investment .
Indeed , it is America 's own agricultural subsidies that helped kill , at least for now , the so-called Doha Development Round of trade negotiations that were supposed to give poor countries new opportunities to enhance their growth .
The Bush administration -- supposedly committed to free markets around the world -- has actually almost doubled the level of agricultural subsidies in the US .
And there is now a chorus of caution about new regulations , which supposedly might hamper financial markets -LRB- including their exploitation of uninformed borrowers , which lay at the root of the problem . -RRB-
After all , the Bush administration lied about everything else , from Saddam Hussein 's weapons of mass destruction to his supposed link with al-Qaeda .
Another battle , over the Dadu River , is the core of the Long March legend : 22 brave men supposedly overpowered a regiment of Nationalist troops guarding the chains of the Luding Bridge with machine guns , and opened the way for the Marchers .
Large groups of `` outsiders '' -LRB- young unemployed and first time job seekers , temporary workers , shopkeepers and other self-employed -RRB- do not see these supposed benefits because they lack a stable and protected job , or do not qualify for unemployment insurance , or are too young to benefit from public pension systems .
There is another factor at work , too . Japan 's `` Peace Constitution '' supposedly bans possession of military forces .
Russia 's supposed `` peacekeeping troops '' in Abkhazia and South Ossetia , Georgia 's other secession-minded region , have in fact protected their rebel governments .
COPENHAGEN -- Is the European Union 's supposed `` democratic deficit '' now spreading to individual European countries in the wake of the sovereign-debt crisis ?
Greece , too , is turning over the reigns of government to an unelected , and supposedly apolitical , technocrat , Lucas Papademos , a former vice president of the European Central Bank .
In 1988 , Ali Akbar Hashemi-Rafsanjani -- the supposed `` moderate '' candidate in Iran 's recent presidential election -- spelled out what that meant in an address to the Revolutionary Guards Corps .
The US continues to pressure Peru 's government to shoot down planes supposedly linked to drug trafficking , and is trying to convince Evo Morales 's new government in Bolivia to continue a failed `` war on drugs . ''
So Latin America is now constantly presented with `` extraordinary '' situations that supposedly require a certain individual , such as a great , benevolent cacique , to occupy the center of the political scene and govern with an enormous discretionary capacity .
The third falsehood is the fear of instability and social unrest that will supposedly break out if President Kuchma and his cronies lose the upcoming election .
Europe 's sigh of relief at the supposed end of the dispute between Russia and Ukraine over gas pricing was audible here in Kyiv .
I have even found myself in supposed `` automobile accidents , '' an epidemic of which appears to effect President Kuchma 's opponents .
Yet today , not only are many of Ukraine 's neighbors silent about Yanukovich 's strangulation of Ukraine 's democracy , but some openly celebrate the supposed `` stability '' that his regime has imposed .
Moreover , free-trade agreements are typically seen as politically valuable : countries tied by commerce are supposedly less likely to shoot at each other .
Bulgaria , Romania , and possibly Croatia are supposed to join in 2007 .
But this supposed free-trade zone seems more like a recipe to enrich oligarchs and stifle competition , not promote trade .
Indeed , the current military operation follows Israel 's two-year blockade of Gaza , which was supposed to have damaged Hamas , but failed to do so .
The first concerned the supposed restorative powers of a currency board .
The shock absorbers that were dismissed as unnecessary for a golden child -LRB- world capital markets , remember , were supposed to finance your way out of a slump -RRB- turned out to be crucial .
One day last week saw the son of its `` Dear Leader '' Kim Jong Il arrested while entering Japan on a false passport -LRB- supposedly to take his son to Tokyo 's Disneyland -RRB- , the next day brought a promise to maintain its moratorium on missile testing until 2003 as well as continue sales of missile technologies to countries like Iran .
The benefits of these models are supposedly so obvious that it seems incomprehensible that ASEAN 's leaders can not see them .
Uzbekistan , which ought to welcome all the help it can get and probably does n't object to greater OSCE involvement in principle , is nonetheless dragging its feet , supposedly because of jealousy over all the attention Kazakhstan is gaining from its chairmanship .
State-run television , radio and newspapers campaign for this supposed `` favorite son of the land , '' who is in reality a former collective farm boss and KGB-border police officer .
Russia 's hasty decision to recognize the `` independence '' of South Ossetia and Abkhazia was a shot across the bow for every former Soviet country , and has intensified speculation about who might be `` next '' -- and how to prevent Russia from multiplying the supposed Kosovo `` precedent '' in other ex-Soviet countries .
But the most shocking aspect of the move is that arts and humanities departments will be targeted more aggressively than science and engineering , which are supposedly better for business .
Rape was seen as `` the fate worse than death , '' rendering women -- who were supposed to be virgins until marriage -- `` damaged goods . ''
That same month , Hungary reelected Gyurcsany , who had pursued a supposedly reformist program , but also oversaw a massive accumulation of public debt .
But what is the phenomenon that such explanations are supposed to clarify ?
Saudi Arabia , unlike Yemen , has supposedly created a `` model '' system for reintegrating and re-educating Guantánamo returnees .
The Al Munasaha rehabilitation center is supposed to `` cure '' jihadi passions , and Saudi returnees from Guantánamo who spend time at Al Munasaha are later offered jobs and wives .
In the Palestinian territories , Gaza 's democratically elected Hamas government and the democratically elected president of the Palestinian Authority are locked in a seeming death grip , which has seen Gaza fall into an economic black hole and paralyzed as it also allowed space for Israeli intransigence . All the while the supposed political savior , Marwan Barghouti , sits in an Israeli prison with a life sentence .
But the supposed cure -- more knowledge of Wahhabism -- proved only to promote the disease : the men who created Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula were graduates of the Saudis ' rehabilitation program .
Indeed , times have changed dramatically since the cutthroat Russian capitalism of the 1990 's -- supposedly a world in which entrepreneurs were indifferent , at best , to each other 's problems .
Despite China 's limited room for maneuver with regard to its stocks of foreign-exchange reserves , it should never give up its efforts to safeguard the value of its hard-earned wealth , which has been entrusted to the good will and supposedly responsible hands of the US government .
But , sterling depreciation is supposed to re-balance the economy by increasing exports .
The Norwegian posted the photos on the Web and supposedly mailed printouts to his Ghanaian friends .
No African man is supposed to be gay , and physical contact between men is presumed to be innocent .
The leaks supposedly unveil a Chinese readiness to accept the reunification of Korea in favor of South Korea .
