The Syrian intelligence apparatus has provided much valuable information on the activities of Muhammad Atta and others suspected of involvement in those attacks , as well as information about other al-Qaeda activities .
When officials are accused or suspected of corruption , they do not quickly resign , as in Korea or Japan .
According to the Court , the law 's legitimate purpose is to adapt teaching to the difficulties of a specific category of pupils , and psychological tests seem to be objective enough not to be suspected of racial bias .
Fifth , the international community , spearheaded by the United Nations Security Council , has more often than not been paralyzed in the face of challenges to international security and ineffectual in responding to suspected cases of nuclear proliferation .
One of his superiors at the nearby prefectural headquarters in Chamdo is suspected of having decided to punish them , as well as two of their cousins , Sonam Choephel and Rinchen Dorje , who are also in custody in Tibet for vague or unspecified offenses .
In the vital fight to slow down the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , imagine it were possible to subject a suspected violator to the most intrusive and continuous system of international inspections far beyond what any international treaty postulates .
Extreme ideas offer an alternative compass to disoriented souls like Mohammed Bouyeri , van Gogh 's suspected murderer .
Ministers suspected of less than full loyalty have been sidelined .
Habré , once backed by the United States and France as a bulwark against Libya 's Moammar Quadafi , allegedly killed tens of thousands of real and suspected opponents before he was deposed by his former army chief .
It was deliberately constructed with no hierarchy , no core , and no central authority , though few at the time could have suspected where , given the numerous breakthroughs of the digital revolution , the Internet 's built-in trend toward decentralized power would lead .
The Wikileaks publication of raw US intelligence reports from Afghanistan confirmed what had long been suspected .
Japan was able to defeat Russia in 1905 only after a Jewish banker in New York , Jacob Schiff , helped Japan by floating bonds . So The Protocols of the Elders of Zion confirmed what the Japanese already suspected ; Jews really did pull the strings of global finance .
Refugees languish helplessly in welfare nets , or are suspected of being cheats .
While he has pledged not to run in the elections set for November 26 , 2011 , an alleged mutiny within the military , as well as arrests in April of suspected coup plotters , suggests a widening divide within the military itself .
For years human rights activists and scholars suspected the obvious : the emergence of an enormous , vicious , well-armed , and well-trained parallel army to fight the guerillas was not some spontaneous act .
For years human rights activists and scholars suspected the obvious : the emergence of an enormous , vicious , well-armed , and well-trained parallel army to fight the guerillas was not some spontaneous act .
Signing the papers would be groundbreaking , as it would signal for the first time that suspected rights abusers might face trial anywhere in the world if justice was not likely at home .
The rise of these types of prosecutions has in turn motivated countries , including Argentina and Chile , to repeal their amnesty laws so that suspected war criminals can be prosecuted at home .
Now calls are growing for the government to surrender the special powers that it acquired during the war and end the control of information as an instrument of state policy . Fonseka has promised to curtail the almost unchecked powers that the president now enjoys and free thousands of young Tamil men suspected of rebel links .
Some of us always suspected that the Schroeder-Blair idea of `` New Labor '' or , in German , the `` New Center , '' had no real basis .
However , it is of critical importance that the treatment of terrorists and those suspected of terrorist acts remains strictly within the rule of law .
Those disagreements are not only about Israel , or US tariffs on steel imports from the EU , or the possibility of American courts imposing the death penalty on suspected terrorists who carry European passports ; they increasingly embody a fundamentally different vision about how the world should work .
Any agreement involving an end to sanctions and diplomatic isolation would need to be accompanied by intrusive monitoring , inspection , and verification arrangements , covering not only all sensitive stages of the nuclear fuel cycle , but also any suspected weapons design or engineering facilities .
This can be done if Europe supports investigations of suspected war crimes and other violations of international humanitarian law committed by the IDF , as well as the establishment of international tribunals when such crimes occur .
These days suspected war criminals - from Rwanda to Serbia to Sierra Leone - are in the dock .
Larry Summers , now the highly influential director of President Barack Obama 's National Economic Council , concluded as a young economist that `` financial and monetary shocks are less important sources of depression than we had suspected . ''
Some suspected an epidemic of `` brain fever '' of some sort .
Bush has said that he learned of the NIE 's conclusion only a week before it came out -- a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
I felt a prodigious , restless energy that I suspected he could not turn off if he wanted to . Soon after I began to recount my observations , he took me to a map of Vietnam and asked me to locate the areas of destruction .
The New Delhi meeting marked a temporary thaw , yet even as Pakistan 's foreign secretary returned home to Islamabad , suspected Taliban bombers had attacked an Indian medical mission in the heart of Kabul , Afghanistan , killing 11 people .
At the same time , in the face of an alarming increase in the number of terrorist attacks , Manmohan Singh 's government has also indulged in a heavy-handed response to suspected Islamist terrorists , who are hauled off on flimsy evidence and killed before they can be convicted of any crime .
The decision , coming at the cabinet 's regular meeting on February 15th , was not intended to coincide with Kim Jong-il 's 63rd birthday the following day . But it did show that Japan 's government , having long suspected that North Korea already possessed nuclear weapons , would not be intimidated into a fundamental policy change by confirmation of the threat .
-LRB- Zhukov was suspected of plotting to seize power , and , before forcing a decorated World War II general to resign , my father and his colleagues enlisted the support of other high-ranking generals , who all agreed with Khrushchev 's plan . -RRB-
For over fifty years , ultraviolet radiation from the sun has been the number one suspected cause of skin cancer .
In Mali , several suspected terrorists -- members of a local branch of Al Qaeda -- were set free in exchange for a lone French hostage .
But it is well advised to avoid being suspected of hegemonic goals .
Prior to the crisis , many suspected that the mix of aggregate demand that was supporting high growth was unsustainable , though the problem perhaps seemed too hypothetical to compel collective action .
Throughout American history , threats to national security , whether real or imagined , have led to clampdowns on the rights of citizens and , to a far greater extent , on the rights of immigrants and others suspected of acting in the interests of alien forces .
Nixon used these methods against political opponents , journalists , and government employees suspected of disloyalty to the president .
and persecution of any and all Iraqis suspected of dissent or disloyalty .
But the loosely worded accord soon collapsed , and North Korea refused to return to the talks until the US stopped shutting down bank accounts suspected of counterfeiting and laundering money for Kim 's regime .
The US can not alone hunt down every suspected Al Qaeda leader . Nor can it launch a war whenever it wishes without alienating other countries .
But the agreement soon collapsed , and North Korea refused to return to the talks until the United States stopped shutting down bank accounts suspected of counterfeiting and laundering money for Kim 's regime .
Over the past two years , police and government-supported paramilitaries have routinely jailed , beaten , and even killed MDC officials and suspected MDC members .
The Council is more likely to accept an option of mounting a punitive program of air strikes - going well beyond what was done in 1998 - on suspected WMD sites , presidential compounds , the Republican Guard and other armed-force targets .
And , in mid-November , London 's Sunday Times reported that Israel put defenses around its Dimona nuclear reactor on `` red alert '' 30 times , as worries grew that Syria would avenge Israel 's September attack on a suspected nuclear site in Syria .
According to opinion polls , Nicolas Sarkozy 's popularity is at the lowest point seen in decades for a French president . Last week , two ministers resigned , but a parliamentary and media-sustained storm continues , fueled by conflict-of-interest charges against a minister suspected of corruption when raising money for Sarkozy 's presidential campaign .
Brazil 's diplomatic efforts with Iran -- a country suspected of developing nuclear energy for military purposes -- began at a meeting last year between President Barack Obama and Brazilian President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva during the G8 +5 summit in L'Aquila , Italy .
At another level , Iran 's rise , reinforced by its suspected bid for nuclear weapons threatens to awaken historical hostilities , between Sunnis and Shiites and between Persians and Arabs .
Only under the most biting international criticism and censure did China grudgingly admit that there were 340 cases in Beijing , with over 400 more suspected cases .
How to deal with evidence of terrorist planning gleaned from states suspected of practicing torture ?
Vaccination , however , does n't solve the export problem , because it produces false positives on blood tests of animals suspected of having the disease , so the importing countries do n't know if they have found an animal with the disease , or an animal that has been vaccinated against it .
It is also suspected of drilling horizontally into the South 's oil fields , in defiance of the CPA .
When the IAEA announced it wanted to inspect a suspected enrichment cascade within the Revolutionary Guards complex at Lavizan-Shian , Iran 's government stalled for months until it could raze the site .
Perhaps the most shattering lost illusion is the fact that the bombings occurred in the heart of the al-Saud 's home-base in the Najdi region , which indicates that the enemy within resides nearer to the throne than anyone suspected .
I remember how in the 1970 's , when suspicion of corruption arose with respect to a Labor Party minister , the minister took his own life . So did a director of a great bank , a brilliant economist , when he was suspected of financial crimes .
Unfortunately , few of those pages address any problem suspected to have caused the financial crisis .
