The Syrian intelligence apparatus has provided much valuable information on the activities of Muhammad Atta and others suspected of involvement in those attacks , as well as information about other al-Qaeda activities .
Latin America is in deep trouble and the usual suspects -LRB- the IMF , the US Treasury -RRB- have come to the rescue .
The usual suspects include protectionist barriers and militant anti-globalization protests of the type that derailed the `` Millennium Round '' of World Trade Organization -LRB- WTO -RRB- talks in Seattle last year .
The turning point came when Kay initiated inspections of suspect buildings without notifying the Iraqis about his intentions in advance .
When officials are accused or suspected of corruption , they do not quickly resign , as in Korea or Japan .
Indeed , Saif al-Islam , an elegant , soft-spoken graduate of the London School of Economics , has now become a prime suspect in massive crimes against humanity .
The head of Internal Security Forces , Colonel al-Tuhami Khaled , another principal suspect in the crimes currently being committed against Libyans , refused to call the process a `` reconciliation . ''
My Petersen Institute colleague Carmen Reinhardt suspects that financial repression will be the main debt-reduction method : governments will rely on regulation and manipulation to force savers to pay down public debt through negative real returns on their bond investments .
According to the Court , the law 's legitimate purpose is to adapt teaching to the difficulties of a specific category of pupils , and psychological tests seem to be objective enough not to be suspected of racial bias .
Fifth , the international community , spearheaded by the United Nations Security Council , has more often than not been paralyzed in the face of challenges to international security and ineffectual in responding to suspected cases of nuclear proliferation .
Others feel suffocated by the prevailing toxic discourse that casts European Muslims as foreign , alien , and suspect .
One of his superiors at the nearby prefectural headquarters in Chamdo is suspected of having decided to punish them , as well as two of their cousins , Sonam Choephel and Rinchen Dorje , who are also in custody in Tibet for vague or unspecified offenses .
But although Prime Minister Ehud Olmert might seek to regain his popular credibility by a major new peace demarche , the two-headed Palestinian Authority , always a dubious partner in the eyes of the Israelis , is now more suspect than ever .
In the vital fight to slow down the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , imagine it were possible to subject a suspected violator to the most intrusive and continuous system of international inspections far beyond what any international treaty postulates .
But there are good reasons to suspect that China 's authoritarian advantage will not endure .
Optimists predict a recession of the second type ; pessimists suspect that a third variety recession is lurking in the economic shadows .
I suspect that the indicators in Colombia , Mexico , Peru , or Chile will not be any more hopeful , and that their governments ` promises , too , have not been kept .
Extreme ideas offer an alternative compass to disoriented souls like Mohammed Bouyeri , van Gogh 's suspected murderer .
Ministers suspected of less than full loyalty have been sidelined .
Habré , once backed by the United States and France as a bulwark against Libya 's Moammar Quadafi , allegedly killed tens of thousands of real and suspected opponents before he was deposed by his former army chief .
It was deliberately constructed with no hierarchy , no core , and no central authority , though few at the time could have suspected where , given the numerous breakthroughs of the digital revolution , the Internet 's built-in trend toward decentralized power would lead .
The Wikileaks publication of raw US intelligence reports from Afghanistan confirmed what had long been suspected .
Japan was able to defeat Russia in 1905 only after a Jewish banker in New York , Jacob Schiff , helped Japan by floating bonds . So The Protocols of the Elders of Zion confirmed what the Japanese already suspected ; Jews really did pull the strings of global finance .
The real power , people suspect , is lodged elsewhere -- on Wall Street , in the unelected EU bureaucracy , in the Royal Thai Army and the Royal Palace .
Refugees languish helplessly in welfare nets , or are suspected of being cheats .
Whatever happened between the former managing director of the International Monetary Fund and his accuser , the fact that he was arrested and paraded in front of the press as a criminal suspect has been much criticized in France .
This brings us to the second , less obvious lesson from Argentina 's experience , namely that privatizing Social Security at a time when the government 's fiscal credibility is suspect may give rise to favoritism toward pension funds and , as a result , impose burdensome -LRB- and unjustified -RRB- fiscal costs .
While he has pledged not to run in the elections set for November 26 , 2011 , an alleged mutiny within the military , as well as arrests in April of suspected coup plotters , suggests a widening divide within the military itself .
For years human rights activists and scholars suspected the obvious : the emergence of an enormous , vicious , well-armed , and well-trained parallel army to fight the guerillas was not some spontaneous act .
For years human rights activists and scholars suspected the obvious : the emergence of an enormous , vicious , well-armed , and well-trained parallel army to fight the guerillas was not some spontaneous act .
Signing the papers would be groundbreaking , as it would signal for the first time that suspected rights abusers might face trial anywhere in the world if justice was not likely at home .
The rise of these types of prosecutions has in turn motivated countries , including Argentina and Chile , to repeal their amnesty laws so that suspected war criminals can be prosecuted at home .
Now calls are growing for the government to surrender the special powers that it acquired during the war and end the control of information as an instrument of state policy . Fonseka has promised to curtail the almost unchecked powers that the president now enjoys and free thousands of young Tamil men suspected of rebel links .
Our reality , I suspect , would challenge even Ionesco 's sense of the absurd .
It may be that these shared values make it more difficult to find the much-desired European identity . But feeding anti-American sentiment , however unintentionally , into the European construction would be intellectually dishonest , morally suspect , and politically dangerous for all freedom-loving Europeans .
Some of us always suspected that the Schroeder-Blair idea of `` New Labor '' or , in German , the `` New Center , '' had no real basis .
However , it is of critical importance that the treatment of terrorists and those suspected of terrorist acts remains strictly within the rule of law .
To many , `` presidentialism '' sounds like the American constitution ; but those who suspect in today 's trend another facet of the Americanization of Europe are wrong .
So long as left-wing parties seemed suspect , implausible or even semi-revolutionary , center-right parties could conceal their internal contradictions .
Those disagreements are not only about Israel , or US tariffs on steel imports from the EU , or the possibility of American courts imposing the death penalty on suspected terrorists who carry European passports ; they increasingly embody a fundamentally different vision about how the world should work .
The London markets have waited 18 long years already for the Bank of England to appear on their screens , and I suspect their wait will continue for some time yet .
There is an obvious difference between persons engaged in an armed conflict , as in Afghanistan and Iraq , and terrorist suspects arrested outside of armed conflict .
Private R&D is difficult to encourage when investors suspect that success would lead the fruits of their work to be taken by some form of eminent domain and used throughout the world with little compensation .
Had the Fed and the Treasury given those two objectives their proper -- subsidiary -- weight , I suspect that we would not now be in this mess , and that the danger of a global depression would still be very far away .
Many suspect that Islamist radicals will be the big winners in any democratic opening .
The euro 's problems , however , are not spawned in such supposed soft money countries as France or Italy , Greece or Spain -- to round up the usual suspects . Nor are higher-inflation successes like Finland or Ireland to blame .
In the 1970 's and 1980 's , West German authorities allowed psychologists and psychiatrists to interview terrorism suspects then being held in prison or awaiting trial , including members of the Red Army Faction .
But I also suspect that their heads are cautioning against spending a lot of money in an attempt to accomplish a difficult , if not impossible , task .
Any agreement involving an end to sanctions and diplomatic isolation would need to be accompanied by intrusive monitoring , inspection , and verification arrangements , covering not only all sensitive stages of the nuclear fuel cycle , but also any suspected weapons design or engineering facilities .
Europe might thus be called on to take up the slack in the Eastern Mediterranean and the Middle East , both sooner and on a much larger scale than Europeans suspect .
This can be done if Europe supports investigations of suspected war crimes and other violations of international humanitarian law committed by the IDF , as well as the establishment of international tribunals when such crimes occur .
In July 2002 , when an Egyptian opened fire and killed two people waiting in line at the El Al counter at Los Angeles International Airport , the FBI decided that the suspect was not a terrorist because he was acting alone .
How , then , can the collectively guilty bring charges and single out some suspects as individually guilty ?
These days suspected war criminals - from Rwanda to Serbia to Sierra Leone - are in the dock .
Also to be expected early on is a decision to close the facility at Guantánamo Bay , where terrorism suspects have been held for years without trial .
One might suspect the influence of French political traditions which , on the right as much as on the left , always prefer purity of principle to messy compromise .
If you 're looking for reasons behind today 's obesity epidemic , do n't stop with the usual suspects , all of which are being trotted out by the press : fast food , trans fat , high sugar , low exercise , computer games , strange bacteria in your gut , weird molecules in your blood .
Should suspects be placed under surveillance because they belong to a particular religious or ethnic community ?
Should due process -- including habeas corpus , the right to counsel , and the right to trial by jury -- be suspended for `` enemy combatants '' or others who are simply suspects ?
The neo-cons are also gleeful as they suspect that the road towards `` regime change '' in Iran may opened , because , with a hardliner as president , American and Western opinion may now find subversion or military strikes much more palatable .
Consider the decision radically to loosen evidentiary standards when deciding to incarcerate terrorist suspects in Guantánamo Bay or elsewhere .
Many suspect that an engineered bloodbath that leads to army intervention , and the declaration of a national emergency , could serve as a pretext to postpone the October 2007 elections .
For most issues , I suspect that Kosovo and Bosnia are experiencing similar side effects due to their occupations .
The 1933 Conference looked like a classic detective novel in which every party had a reason to be a suspect .
Larry Summers , now the highly influential director of President Barack Obama 's National Economic Council , concluded as a young economist that `` financial and monetary shocks are less important sources of depression than we had suspected . ''
It is easy to suspect that this is not just a concession to changing social mores , but that it also reflects a desire to include as many declining prices as possible .
Some suspected an epidemic of `` brain fever '' of some sort .
Bush has said that he learned of the NIE 's conclusion only a week before it came out -- a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
I felt a prodigious , restless energy that I suspected he could not turn off if he wanted to . Soon after I began to recount my observations , he took me to a map of Vietnam and asked me to locate the areas of destruction .
The New Delhi meeting marked a temporary thaw , yet even as Pakistan 's foreign secretary returned home to Islamabad , suspected Taliban bombers had attacked an Indian medical mission in the heart of Kabul , Afghanistan , killing 11 people .
I suspect that many will agree with this view . They will agree that our ability to distinguish right from wrong is something precious that we should safeguard , not a broken clock that scientists should fix .
At the same time , in the face of an alarming increase in the number of terrorist attacks , Manmohan Singh 's government has also indulged in a heavy-handed response to suspected Islamist terrorists , who are hauled off on flimsy evidence and killed before they can be convicted of any crime .
The decision , coming at the cabinet 's regular meeting on February 15th , was not intended to coincide with Kim Jong-il 's 63rd birthday the following day . But it did show that Japan 's government , having long suspected that North Korea already possessed nuclear weapons , would not be intimidated into a fundamental policy change by confirmation of the threat .
-LRB- Zhukov was suspected of plotting to seize power , and , before forcing a decorated World War II general to resign , my father and his colleagues enlisted the support of other high-ranking generals , who all agreed with Khrushchev 's plan . -RRB-
But until China acts with greater sincerity and transparency in eliminating the international community 's concerns , it runs the risk that its neighbors will not only suspect its efforts in the international arena , but take active countermeasures to defend their security .
And Chinese intransigence over the South China Sea is a direct result of the economic bonanza it suspects lies on the seabed .
By opposing the development of such systems , however , the pro-ABM Treaty position creates a situation in which unsuspecting and peaceful citizens in Russia , the United States , and other countries are held permanently hostage to nuclear blackmail .
But there is interest in the Netherlands , and some Poles bizarrely suspect the Dutch of wanting to take over the country .
Abbas 's withdrawal comes at a time when Palestinian frustration with the political process has rendered suspect the entire rationale behind the PA , established in the mid-1990 's , following the Oslo Accords .
The policy is also suspect because the success of spawning is notoriously variable from year to year .
For over fifty years , ultraviolet radiation from the sun has been the number one suspected cause of skin cancer .
For a writer , the exile par excellence - always a `` suspect , '' as Thomas Mann said - language is his placenta .
Some analysts suspect that the Sumo circle has provided some of the best match tickets to Yakuza leaders , who , as matches were shown on television , sent signals to the godfather that they remain loyal to him .
In Mali , several suspected terrorists -- members of a local branch of Al Qaeda -- were set free in exchange for a lone French hostage .
But it is well advised to avoid being suspected of hegemonic goals .
In any case , to describe genetically modified athletes as mutants or inhuman is morally suspect , for it invokes the same kind of prejudice that we deplore in relation to other biological characteristics , particularly race , gender , and disability .
I suspect that European leaders will not respond eagerly . Most are convinced that there is no military solution in Afghanistan and they know that public opinion , especially in time of great economic hardship , has no appetite for such operations .
Prior to the crisis , many suspected that the mix of aggregate demand that was supporting high growth was unsustainable , though the problem perhaps seemed too hypothetical to compel collective action .
Throughout American history , threats to national security , whether real or imagined , have led to clampdowns on the rights of citizens and , to a far greater extent , on the rights of immigrants and others suspected of acting in the interests of alien forces .
Nixon used these methods against political opponents , journalists , and government employees suspected of disloyalty to the president .
Until Tony Blair and Robin Cook became , respectively , Prime Minister and Foreign Secretary of the United Kingdom in 1997 , four years after the ICTY was established , NATO troops in Bosnia failed to arrest indicted suspects even when they ran into them .
and persecution of any and all Iraqis suspected of dissent or disloyalty .
-LRB- Other democracies , such as the United Kingdom and Spain , always try terrorism suspects , including alleged Al Qaida members , in ordinary criminal trials -RRB- .
But that diagnosis is suspect , because polls show that many who voted `` non '' were objecting to Chirac and\/or to high rates of unemployment .
But the loosely worded accord soon collapsed , and North Korea refused to return to the talks until the US stopped shutting down bank accounts suspected of counterfeiting and laundering money for Kim 's regime .
Already , some Chinese suspect the US of seeking an independent Taiwan as an `` unsinkable aircraft carrier '' for use against a future Chinese enemy .
The US can not alone hunt down every suspected Al Qaeda leader . Nor can it launch a war whenever it wishes without alienating other countries .
But the agreement soon collapsed , and North Korea refused to return to the talks until the United States stopped shutting down bank accounts suspected of counterfeiting and laundering money for Kim 's regime .
With Serbia at the helm , the Council , which aims to promote human rights and the rule of law , is now overseen by a state that thumbs its nose at the Genocide Convention and harbors an indicted war crimes suspect , former Bosnian Serb army chief Ratko Mladic .
More and more scientists are beginning to suspect that global warming has caused the radically changed patterns of precipitation now seen across China .
News reporting , as well as political and economic debate , now focuses on identifying the culprits , with bankers and politicians emerging as the prime suspects .
Over the past two years , police and government-supported paramilitaries have routinely jailed , beaten , and even killed MDC officials and suspected MDC members .
I suspect that other countries will have to learn that lesson as well .
The Council is more likely to accept an option of mounting a punitive program of air strikes - going well beyond what was done in 1998 - on suspected WMD sites , presidential compounds , the Republican Guard and other armed-force targets .
The court , for example , required Musharraf to present alleged terror suspects -- some of whome were likely `` rendered '' to Pakistan by the CIA -- detained for years without government acknowledgment .
So , when unprecedented extreme weather events occur , the prime suspect is naturally the biggest atmospheric change that has happened over the past hundred years -- one that has been caused by human emissions .
I suspect that here the problem reflects fundamental differences between the way women and men approach science as a microcosm of life .
It would be natural to suspect us of bias .
And , in mid-November , London 's Sunday Times reported that Israel put defenses around its Dimona nuclear reactor on `` red alert '' 30 times , as worries grew that Syria would avenge Israel 's September attack on a suspected nuclear site in Syria .
Lack of confidence in Treaty enforcement inspired three instances of military vigilantism : Israel 's strike on Osirak in 1981 , its attack on Syria 's suspect site in 2007 , and Washington 's 2003 invasion of Iraq .
Unlike the attack on Syria 's nuclear plant , Israel 's conventional forces do not have the capacity to destroy Iran 's suspect installations .
On his 57th birthday , he wore yellow instead of red , and substituted `` Socialist homeland or death '' with `` We will live and we will win . '' He told his movement : `` Those people who dress in red down to their underwear are suspect , and the same goes for the word ` socialism . '
But , although Madoff was only the tip of the iceberg of rampant financial malfeasance , most suspect financiers need not fear arrest , either because their behavior merely skirted the law , or because financial impropriety more subtle than outright fraud is often difficult to prove .
If China delivers on each of these three fronts -- as I suspect it will -- private consumption 's share of Chinese GDP could rise by as much as five percentage points between now and 2015 .
A heightened security agenda since the attacks on the United States in September 2001 has included attempts to legitimize the use of `` extraordinary rendition '' -LRB- the movement between countries of prisoners and suspects without due process of law -RRB- and torture .
According to opinion polls , Nicolas Sarkozy 's popularity is at the lowest point seen in decades for a French president . Last week , two ministers resigned , but a parliamentary and media-sustained storm continues , fueled by conflict-of-interest charges against a minister suspected of corruption when raising money for Sarkozy 's presidential campaign .
The trouble is that there is no shortage of suspects .
Was the problem unscrupulous mortgage lenders who devised credit terms -- such as `` teaser '' interest rates and prepayment penalties -- that led unsuspecting borrowers into a debt trap ?
A prosecutor questions a suspect about a plan to intimidate Christians before the police have actually `` discovered '' it .
Nevertheless , I suspect that the age of American exceptionalism is near an end , and soon per capita income in Europe and Japan will approach that of the US , rather than falling farther behind .
China 's claim that its GDP grew at a 6 % rate , during the end of last year , is suspect .
While the Fed is still reluctant to compromise its long-term independence , I suspect that before this is over it will use most , if not all , of the tools outlined by Bernanke .
Personally , I suspect Madoff 's unenviable place in the record books will be secure for quite a while .
Brazil 's diplomatic efforts with Iran -- a country suspected of developing nuclear energy for military purposes -- began at a meeting last year between President Barack Obama and Brazilian President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva during the G8 +5 summit in L'Aquila , Italy .
The arrests of numerous terrorist suspects last month by French and German authorities made clear that no one nation can do the critical work necessary to win the struggle against extremists .
Or is it , as some suspect , so that America can get its hands on Iraqi oil ?
A person with schizophrenia may experience his self as another , may experience his identity as controlled by others , and may regard the entire community as suspect and threatening .
At another level , Iran 's rise , reinforced by its suspected bid for nuclear weapons threatens to awaken historical hostilities , between Sunnis and Shiites and between Persians and Arabs .
But the `` war on terror '' has also provided this government with an excuse to arrest and detain suspects without charge .
Only under the most biting international criticism and censure did China grudgingly admit that there were 340 cases in Beijing , with over 400 more suspected cases .
The immediate ethical issue facing us is the real harm inflicted on unsuspecting subjects through a vast array of indignities , adverse events , injuries , and death .
With nuclear power - regarded as the main technological bulwark against depletion of the world 's oil supplies - suddenly suspect , oil prices doubled again by the year 's end .
On closer inspection , the idea that the market will yield a real 6.9 % a year in the future appears suspect .
How to deal with evidence of terrorist planning gleaned from states suspected of practicing torture ?
After all , a loss of computer records would make the euro equally suspect .
Vaccination , however , does n't solve the export problem , because it produces false positives on blood tests of animals suspected of having the disease , so the importing countries do n't know if they have found an animal with the disease , or an animal that has been vaccinated against it .
It is reasonable to suspect that gold medals now go not to those who are drug-free , but to those who most successfully refine their drug use for maximum enhancement without detection .
This conundrum is symbolized by the debate over detaining terrorism suspects without charge or trial .
Many people suspect that Megawati 's inactivity results from her recognition of the almost intransigent nature of the challenges facing Indonesia .
The European Arrest Warrant is already producing concrete results , and we are moving towards the `` free movement of judicial decisions '' in the EU , through which judicial decisions - such as arrest and surrender of suspects , confiscation , and freezing of assets - will be mutually recognized .
We suspect but do not know that consumption will increase .
But the origins of the current Constitution , and its definition of secularism , are highly suspect .
You might suspect that such a country is either phenomenally rich or on the fast track to fiscal crisis .
As foreigners start pulling their money out of a country they suspect , the dollar will weaken .
For example , because we rightly suspect government officials who move too quickly into private sector jobs related to their public roles , many democracies have rules against such `` revolving doors . ''
Replacing repressive dictatorships would , in fact , represent a vast expansion of the UN 's mandate , one that I suspect the US would not support .
I think this view is too optimistic , because I suspect that the government wants to finance its new expenditure with a tax hike .
It is also suspected of drilling horizontally into the South 's oil fields , in defiance of the CPA .
Block Thinking `` Multiculturalism '' has become a suspect term almost everywhere in the world nowadays , and particularly in Europe .
When the IAEA announced it wanted to inspect a suspected enrichment cascade within the Revolutionary Guards complex at Lavizan-Shian , Iran 's government stalled for months until it could raze the site .
When it asked to visit a suspect lab within the Parchin defense production plant , the Iranians stalled .
But I suspect that a greater danger lies elsewhere , with the practical men and women employed in the policymaking functions of central banks , regulatory agencies , governments , and financial institutions ' risk-management departments tending to gravitate to simplified versions of the dominant beliefs of economists who are , in fact , very much alive .
Here , I suspect , is where the greatest challenge for the future lies .
Although his college demanded professional evaluation before he would be allowed to return , the suspect in the Arizona shootings , it seems , failed to seek help from Tucson 's available services .
In the months before the shootings , the suspect 's behavior displayed marked signs of serious mental problems , including confusing speech , disruptiveness in class , bizarre imagery , deterioration in social , academic , and occupational functioning , and a dramatic personality change .
Though his community college suspended the suspect for his threatening demeanor , it took no further action .
College counselors apparently did not think that the suspect met this demanding threshold .
Although disruptive , the suspect was able to function -- as shown by the disciplined nature of the attack .
A stronger community response , supported by limited exceptions to legal restrictions on information-sharing , could have allowed involuntary evaluation of the suspect .
While only four ICTY indictees remain at large , two fugitives -- Ratko Mladic and Radovan Karadzic -- are among the most notorious suspects who must face justice before the ICTY 's work can be considered complete .
Human rights groups suspect that even if the Afghan government and Taliban representatives profess to respect the constitution in any future peace agreement , they will not enforce some of its provisions in practice .
The simplest idea is that it is made out of one new kind of particle , the so-called `` Higgs particle , '' but I suspect that there is more to it .
But the same organizations would never report charges of , say , fraud -- or , indeed , non-sexual assault -- against a suspect who has been named on the basis on anonymous accusations .
Worse yet , the Muslims who supported the project to democratize Iraq widely suspect that the Sunni resistance that incited the Iraqi civil war has been financed by Saudi oil money . -LRB- Terrorism also kept Iraqi oil from becoming a serious challenger to Saudi Arabia . -RRB-
The Saudis suspect that rising oil prices will revive Iraq 's economy , and that of Iran , thus boosting their regional clout .
Perhaps the most shattering lost illusion is the fact that the bombings occurred in the heart of the al-Saud 's home-base in the Najdi region , which indicates that the enemy within resides nearer to the throne than anyone suspected .
I remember how in the 1970 's , when suspicion of corruption arose with respect to a Labor Party minister , the minister took his own life . So did a director of a great bank , a brilliant economist , when he was suspected of financial crimes .
Assad is particularly worried about the creation of a mixed Lebanese-international court to try suspects in the Hariri assassination .
Unfortunately , few of those pages address any problem suspected to have caused the financial crisis .
