Latin America is in deep trouble and the usual suspects -LRB- the IMF , the US Treasury -RRB- have come to the rescue .
The usual suspects include protectionist barriers and militant anti-globalization protests of the type that derailed the `` Millennium Round '' of World Trade Organization -LRB- WTO -RRB- talks in Seattle last year .
My Petersen Institute colleague Carmen Reinhardt suspects that financial repression will be the main debt-reduction method : governments will rely on regulation and manipulation to force savers to pay down public debt through negative real returns on their bond investments .
There is an obvious difference between persons engaged in an armed conflict , as in Afghanistan and Iraq , and terrorist suspects arrested outside of armed conflict .
The euro 's problems , however , are not spawned in such supposed soft money countries as France or Italy , Greece or Spain -- to round up the usual suspects . Nor are higher-inflation successes like Finland or Ireland to blame .
In the 1970 's and 1980 's , West German authorities allowed psychologists and psychiatrists to interview terrorism suspects then being held in prison or awaiting trial , including members of the Red Army Faction .
How , then , can the collectively guilty bring charges and single out some suspects as individually guilty ?
Also to be expected early on is a decision to close the facility at Guantánamo Bay , where terrorism suspects have been held for years without trial .
If you 're looking for reasons behind today 's obesity epidemic , do n't stop with the usual suspects , all of which are being trotted out by the press : fast food , trans fat , high sugar , low exercise , computer games , strange bacteria in your gut , weird molecules in your blood .
Should suspects be placed under surveillance because they belong to a particular religious or ethnic community ?
Should due process -- including habeas corpus , the right to counsel , and the right to trial by jury -- be suspended for `` enemy combatants '' or others who are simply suspects ?
Consider the decision radically to loosen evidentiary standards when deciding to incarcerate terrorist suspects in Guantánamo Bay or elsewhere .
And Chinese intransigence over the South China Sea is a direct result of the economic bonanza it suspects lies on the seabed .
Until Tony Blair and Robin Cook became , respectively , Prime Minister and Foreign Secretary of the United Kingdom in 1997 , four years after the ICTY was established , NATO troops in Bosnia failed to arrest indicted suspects even when they ran into them .
-LRB- Other democracies , such as the United Kingdom and Spain , always try terrorism suspects , including alleged Al Qaida members , in ordinary criminal trials -RRB- .
News reporting , as well as political and economic debate , now focuses on identifying the culprits , with bankers and politicians emerging as the prime suspects .
The court , for example , required Musharraf to present alleged terror suspects -- some of whome were likely `` rendered '' to Pakistan by the CIA -- detained for years without government acknowledgment .
A heightened security agenda since the attacks on the United States in September 2001 has included attempts to legitimize the use of `` extraordinary rendition '' -LRB- the movement between countries of prisoners and suspects without due process of law -RRB- and torture .
The trouble is that there is no shortage of suspects .
The arrests of numerous terrorist suspects last month by French and German authorities made clear that no one nation can do the critical work necessary to win the struggle against extremists .
But the `` war on terror '' has also provided this government with an excuse to arrest and detain suspects without charge .
This conundrum is symbolized by the debate over detaining terrorism suspects without charge or trial .
The European Arrest Warrant is already producing concrete results , and we are moving towards the `` free movement of judicial decisions '' in the EU , through which judicial decisions - such as arrest and surrender of suspects , confiscation , and freezing of assets - will be mutually recognized .
While only four ICTY indictees remain at large , two fugitives -- Ratko Mladic and Radovan Karadzic -- are among the most notorious suspects who must face justice before the ICTY 's work can be considered complete .
Assad is particularly worried about the creation of a mixed Lebanese-international court to try suspects in the Hariri assassination .
