The first problem in need of a `` constitutional '' solution that is tackled is Europe 's clear and unified identity .
The next problem to be tackled - again with constitutional implications - is the anonymous , bureaucratic nature of European legal acts .
This is essential if the issues that affect people 's lives are to be tackled successfully .
Inflation is too stubborn to be tackled without a coordinated set of fiscal and monetary policies .
Since 2000 , the rate of people dying from AIDS has declined , child-killing diseases like malaria and measles are being tackled more effectively , universal primary education is inching forward , and the targets for safe drinking water are in sight .
President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva did indeed decide to avoid the rampant populism of Hugo Chávez of Venezuela , and successfully tackled inflation .
Conventional wisdom suggests that the EU 's inability to meet the challenges of integration is due to rigid economic structures and inadequate human capital -- weaknesses that can only be tackled effectively by national policies , where the Union has little role to play .
Markelov , a lawyer , routinely tackled the human rights cases that no one else was willing to take on .
Eliminating the abuses that accompany capitalism and harnessing it for the benefit of society and human morals still needs to be tackled .
Few of this region 's most important challenges can be tackled successfully unless the state can administer complex public programs .
Global warming should be tackled , but smartly through research and development of low-carbon alternatives .
They will repeat the same exercise that some of the world 's best economists tackled in a 2004 project called the `` Copenhagen Consensus '' : weighing up solutions to the great challenges facing the world , and deciding what should be done first .
When Nobel Laureate economists weighed up how to achieve the most good for the world in a recent project called the Copenhagen Consensus , they found that focusing on HIV\/AIDS , malaria , malnutrition , and trade barriers should all be tackled long before we commit to any dramatic action on climate change .
The other three have some charm and ability , but have offered nothing like a remedy to Japan 's deep structural problems , mostly because they all have not adamantly tackled the problems .
Climate change and poverty , the two defining challenges of this century , must be tackled together .
Nigeria , a fragile coalition of ethnic groups , may not be sliding into a second civil war -LRB- yet -RRB- , but inter-ethnic relations could worsen if the Boko Haram menace is not quickly tackled .
The country 's mounting problems -- rampant official corruption , decaying social and physical infrastructure , and growing ethnic and religious insurgencies in the northeast , central region , the southeast , and Niger Delta -- are yet to be seriously tackled .
Coincidentally , the deadly attack on Gaza came at the same time that a clutch of America 's most distinguished would-be Middle East peacemakers published books about how the task should properly be tackled .
These questions , with all the knock-on effects in East and West Asia , must be tackled in the run-up to discussions about the renewal of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 2010 .
The `` Rational '' Suicide Bomber Hamas 's surprise victory in the Palestinian parliamentary election has made the question of who is a terrorist , and how terrorism should be tackled , more urgent than ever .
The first task is already being tackled .
In Indonesia -LRB- and to a lesser extent Malaysia -RRB- , science and technology , commerce and modern management as well as the all-important challenges of democracy , human rights , and gender equality are being tackled head-on in authentic terms of Muslim discourse .
So a third issue needs to be tackled : democratize the IMF and World Bank .
Between 2001and 2006 , Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi aggressively tackled Japan 's fiscal problems .
Although a long agenda of reforms is beginning to be tackled , first in Germany and , more recently and cautiously , in France , the results are slow in coming and public understanding of the need for change remains limited .
There are four key issues that need to be tackled if we are to ensure that Europe emerges from this crisis strengthened .
Many developing nations have tackled the sanitation challenge by building subsidized latrines .
