The first problem in need of a `` constitutional '' solution that is tackled is Europe 's clear and unified identity .
The next problem to be tackled - again with constitutional implications - is the anonymous , bureaucratic nature of European legal acts .
The European Central Bank has also failed to tackle local bubbles in Europe .
Together , Europeans must find what connects them , and derive new enthusiasm , new spirit from what they find - a spirit sorely needed to tackle the great issues of today . No country can address these issues along .
This is essential if the issues that affect people 's lives are to be tackled successfully .
The reasons are connected to Premier Ivica Racan 's unwillingness to tackle the centers of power left behind by the regime of the late President Franjo Tudjman , whose nationalist-minded party , the Croatian Democratic Union -LRB- HDZ -RRB- , was voted out of office in January 2001 following Tudjman 's death in December 1999 .
But Zhao was also the only CCP leader to propose a political reform package to tackle China 's system of one-party rule .
We can only tackle this if we work together .
We can only tackle this if we work together .
For years , the emphasis has rightly been on persuading people that there must be sufficient `` will '' to tackle climate change .
Inflation is too stubborn to be tackled without a coordinated set of fiscal and monetary policies .
It would be less expensive and more fruitful for America to tackle the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , return to a multilateral approach , and respect the moral principles that it recommends to others .
If we tackle our common problems together , China and Europe can be instrumental in turning the twenty-first century into a century of hope .
President Umaru Yar ` Adua has taken concrete steps to tackle elite-level corruption in Nigeria , and appears to have made progress toward a comprehensive peace agreement with the Delta rebels .
But Yar ` Adua shrugged off charges of electoral fraud , and in the first days of his presidency , he drew praise , both at home and abroad , for promises to tackle corruption and pursue an agreement with militia groups in the oil-rich , violence-plagued Niger Delta region .
He will probably introduce measures to tackle poverty and create jobs .
The economy was growing , and he and Tymoshenko began to tackle the country 's black hole of corruption .
There is a sort of beauty in this predicament : if we act wisely , we can tackle both crises at once .
So how do we begin to tackle the massive challenge of retooling our global economy , preserving the planet , and lifting billions out of poverty ?
The year that has just passed has demonstrated -- in the handling of the financial crisis and in trying to tackle climate change -- both the need for and the difficulties of creating a new paradigm of global governance .
Neither of the two main candidates , though , has promised to tackle the country 's key challenge : transforming Sri Lanka from a unitary state into a federation that grants provincial and local autonomy .
The Group 's mandate should be widened , and resources should be provided to allow it to tackle terrorism explicitly .
Since 1990 , successive mayors promised to tackle the problem of these hundreds of thousands of feral dogs .
Perhaps we should look at Popper again and remember his advice : to use what reason we have to tackle our insecurities .
Against them , an active effort to tackle the risks around us is the only answer .
Eighteen months ago , at the Tampere summit , EU leaders said that they recognized `` the need for more efficient management of migration flows . '' What they really meant , however , was stronger measures to tackle illegal immigration .
Attempts to shave costs by economizing on energy use reduce pollution . Higher prices for oil substitutes spur research into other energy technologies - research that is much needed today if we are to tackle the problems of global climate change tomorrow .
Whoever leads the next German government must tackle unemployment , both for the sake of the economically most vulnerable and to ensure public confidence in the current system .
Let 's suspend our disbelief , then , and try to imagine what Europe could and should be doing to tackle some of the most far-reaching and obstinate policy challenges that will determine whether the next 50 years are as constructive as the last .
On this view , NATO is merely to serve as a means to mobilize Europeans to tackle the inevitable postwar stabilization and reconstruction missions - obviating the need for the US to place its forces under NATO command .
Kerry and a growing number of Americans recognize that accepting limits on US power and the use of military force are a precondition for America 's ultimate security , that what binds can also strengthen , and that such limits will reinforce America 's ability to tackle the crisis in Iraq .
But these are three difficult tasks to tackle if you are leading an economy mired in recession and confront a political establishment adamantly opposed to reform .
Since 2000 , the rate of people dying from AIDS has declined , child-killing diseases like malaria and measles are being tackled more effectively , universal primary education is inching forward , and the targets for safe drinking water are in sight .
A real , working NATO-Russia relationship could provide the Alliance with solutions to problems that it can not tackle on its own .
One way to tackle the problems associated with government debt , as well as to improve economic policy coordination , is through a simple extension of existing rules : an `` External Stability Pact '' could be introduced to complement current EMU regulations .
To tackle these problems , we came up with an `` open data\/information liquidity '' project , which will advocate and organize the publication , exchange , aggregation , and analysis of health data -- not just general statistics , but specific data about health outcomes in terms of drugs and treatments , hospital performance , and the like .
President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva did indeed decide to avoid the rampant populism of Hugo Chávez of Venezuela , and successfully tackled inflation .
But our average age was over 65 , and the limits of our effectiveness were neatly described by former British Defense Minister Des Browne : `` People who used to be something really want to tackle this issue .
It was not a thuggish tackle , abuse of the umpire , or match-fixing in collusion with gamblers .
The Coming Global Energy Revolution PARIS -- Humanity 's future , to say nothing of its prosperity , will depend on how the world tackles two central energy challenges : securing reliable supplies of affordable energy , and switching to efficient low-carbon energy .
To tackle global food security successfully , we must change the way we treat rural development , which requires adopting a much more bottom-up approach .
Private actors from foundations to pharmaceutical corporations to NGOs are actively experimenting with alternative ways to tackle transnational health challenges .
Such a reformed right 's opposition to Bachelet will probably focus on her efforts to modify the country 's neo-liberal model as she tackles the country 's persistent knots of poverty and inequality .
This global challenge also demands innovation in global governance , which is why we support the creation of a UN Environment Agency , endowed with the legal and financial resources needed to tackle the issues at hand .
Just as the German people declared their will for unity , the world 's citizens today are demanding that action be taken to tackle climate change and redress the deep injustices that surround it .
Conventional wisdom suggests that the EU 's inability to meet the challenges of integration is due to rigid economic structures and inadequate human capital -- weaknesses that can only be tackled effectively by national policies , where the Union has little role to play .
The task now is to persuade Palestinians and Israelis to begin the process , to start taking steps to improve the situation on the ground so that they can tackle more far_reaching matters at the negotiating table .
The outside world can and should continue to provide assistance to help Pakistan acquire the strength and skills required to tackle modern-day terrorists .
The Middle East urgently needs support in creating a regional stability charter to encompass codes of conduct , goals for regional cooperation , and the mechanisms of a regional cohesion fund to tackle underdevelopment and fund new infrastructure .
Markelov , a lawyer , routinely tackled the human rights cases that no one else was willing to take on .
New governments are urged to tackle all of these problems immediately and simultaneously , lest they lose `` momentum '' and begin backsliding .
If only such practices were used to tackle the vast majority of the problems that overwhelm Somalia .
But given the lack of criticism of Mugabe 's misrule , some critics wonder , justifiably , whether the review process will ever tackle Africa 's most egregious blights -- misbegotten leadership and corruption .
The British response should prompt other industrial economies , above all the US , to tackle their long-term fiscal weaknesses .
And , in the longer term , we would have a viable international model of how to tackle severe sovereign-debt problems .
Recent research for the Copenhagen Consensus identifies six highly cost-effective options that would tackle some of the planet 's most urgent health problems .
There are hopeful signs : more than 160 countries have signed the World Health Organization 's global tobacco control treaty , and the Caribbean heads of state have recently declared they want to tackle tobacco together .
But efforts to tackle health-care costs continue to be hampered by widespread reluctance to tackle sensitive issues , as epitomized by the `` death panel '' tempest of a year ago .
The Next Industrial Revolution NEW YORK -- A new global deal to tackle climate change will not only be good for business , it is crucial to achieve sustainable growth for the global economy .
Big Green Jobs Machine NEW YORK -- Amid the pressures of the global financial crisis , some ask how we can afford to tackle climate change .
Some argued that , amid our current difficulties , we can not afford to tackle climate change .
By freeing up resources devoted to enforcing policies against low-level users , countries can better tackle serious drug-supply issues and provide people with the effective treatment that they need and deserve .
Eliminating the abuses that accompany capitalism and harnessing it for the benefit of society and human morals still needs to be tackled .
One group of respected Israelis and Palestinians , the Geneva Group , even drew up a peace plan that tackles every possible negotiating point honestly and fairly .
Of the 709 randomly selected Palestinians who were surveyed , 30 % said that they hope the new Hamas government tackles corruption .
Only when elected representatives deal with the day-to-day issues that face their people can they begin to tackle external negotiations .
Ever since Richard Nixon took the dollar off the gold standard and exchange rates were floated worldwide , the US has sought to tackle its chronic bilateral trade deficit with Japan by pushing for a strong yen .
Japan must tackle its financial mess once and for all .
Open hostility toward Russia , however , will make it hard for the EU to draw on Russia 's help to tackle a host of common problems - from environmental pollution and illegal migration , to nuclear proliferation and Kosovo 's final status .
Our approach provides policymakers in developing countries with a framework to tackle the daunting coordination challenges inherent in the creation of new , competitive industries .
Unlike our forebears , who did very little or nothing about urban heat islands , we are in a good position to tackle many of their effects .
With attention and money in scarce supply , what matters is that we first tackle the problems with the best solutions , doing the most good throughout the century .
The list goes on to focus on agricultural technologies to tackle food production and hunger , as well as technologies to boost the supply of clean drinking water and improve sanitation .
Few of this region 's most important challenges can be tackled successfully unless the state can administer complex public programs .
Recently , the Copenhagen Consensus project gathered eight of the world 's top economists -- including five Nobel laureates -- to examine research on the best ways to tackle 10 global challenges : air pollution , conflict , disease , global warming , hunger and malnutrition , lack of education , gender inequity , lack of water and sanitation , terrorism , and trade barriers .
This does not mean losing sight of the need to tackle climate change .
For an astonishingly low cost , we could improve education and health conditions , make the poorest people richer , and help everybody become better able to tackle the future .
It is rather obvious that if you invest massively in inefficient solar panels , most of your money will go to buy the physical panels , whereas only a very small part will go to R&D . If you want more R&D , you should spend your money directly on R&D . This could tackle global warming in the longer run .
President-elect Obama is now facing countless people who claim that subsidies for renewable energy and CO2 taxes are great ways to tackle global warming and forge a new green economy .
Moreover , if we really want to tackle global warming , we should n't spend vast sums of money buying inefficient green technology -- we should invest directly in R&D to make future green technology competitive .
That is the way to tackle global warming and support a genuinely vibrant economy .
Global warming should be tackled , but smartly through research and development of low-carbon alternatives .
Of course , carbon cuts are not designed only to tackle malaria . But , for every problem that global warming will exacerbate -- hurricanes , hunger , flooding -- we could achieve tremendously more through cheaper , direct policies today .
They will repeat the same exercise that some of the world 's best economists tackled in a 2004 project called the `` Copenhagen Consensus '' : weighing up solutions to the great challenges facing the world , and deciding what should be done first .
World leaders are meeting in Copenhagen this December to forge a new pact to tackle global warming .
Compare this to the investments to tackle climate change -- $ 40 trillion annually by the end of the century -- which would save a hundred times fewer starving people -LRB- and in 90 years ! -RRB- .
LONDON -- In February , 14 distinguished climate scientists , economists , and policy experts came together to discuss how to tackle global warming .
When Nobel Laureate economists weighed up how to achieve the most good for the world in a recent project called the Copenhagen Consensus , they found that focusing on HIV\/AIDS , malaria , malnutrition , and trade barriers should all be tackled long before we commit to any dramatic action on climate change .
Those resolutions sound mild . But there is no good reason to tackle these problems differently .
The other three have some charm and ability , but have offered nothing like a remedy to Japan 's deep structural problems , mostly because they all have not adamantly tackled the problems .
To tackle insufficient supply from the dead , we first embraced an increasingly inclusive , and at any rate flexible , definition of death . This has often raised suspicions about the motivations of doctors in pronouncing a candidate donor 's death .
A determined EU effort to counter Arab fragmentation and tackle problems ranging from acute water scarcity to poor education would pay rich dividends .
In Europe , the Commissioner for Justice and Home Affairs and the High Representative on External Affairs are boosting Europe 's ability to tackle new threats .
Africans themselves must tackle these issues , but our international partners have an important role to play .
Now is the time to rethink our public-health investments and messaging , and evaluate whether we are getting the best value for our donor dollars , or whether we should do much more to tackle diseases that we have so far largely ignored .
Clearly , effective strategies to tackle the NCD burden require a critical examination of what people are eating and their levels of physical activity .
Climate change and poverty , the two defining challenges of this century , must be tackled together .
Martin argues that about 20 people in a room is probably a reasonable size for attempting to tackle difficult cross-sectoral problems .
As US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton put it recently , `` the UN remains the single most important global institution ... but we are constantly reminded of its limitations ... The UN was never intended to tackle every challenge ; nor should it . ''
The PDP , which had been in power since 1999 and had failed to tackle the country 's pressing economic and political problems , was not a favorite at the polls .
MASSOB , rightly aggrieved that no real effort has been made by successive Nigerian leaders to tackle the Igbo region 's economic and political problems , is still challenging the central government 's authority in the region .
Nigeria , a fragile coalition of ethnic groups , may not be sliding into a second civil war -LRB- yet -RRB- , but inter-ethnic relations could worsen if the Boko Haram menace is not quickly tackled .
After 100 days in office , Jonathan and his ruling People 's Democratic Party appear indecisive about how to tackle these challenges .
Any significant move to tackle the PDP machine will likely need to come from the Senate and its president , Ken Nnamani , who played a key role in thwarting Obasanjo 's quest for a third term .
The country 's mounting problems -- rampant official corruption , decaying social and physical infrastructure , and growing ethnic and religious insurgencies in the northeast , central region , the southeast , and Niger Delta -- are yet to be seriously tackled .
After all the diplomacy and effort that these epoch-making events required , European policymakers should be able to tackle reform of the IMF , the World Bank , the G-7 , and the G-8 . Yet all of these institutions still reflect the post-World War II status quo , which serves little purpose in today 's world .
As governments across the West have become increasingly bogged down trying to fix a broken economy , China has been formulating a whole series of new , well-considered policies and forging ahead with bold decision-making to tackle one daunting problem after another .
There are different perspectives on how Europe 's security architecture should be designed , but we all agree on the urgent need to tackle this critical challenge through constructive dialogue .
Coincidentally , the deadly attack on Gaza came at the same time that a clutch of America 's most distinguished would-be Middle East peacemakers published books about how the task should properly be tackled .
Of course , they know much better than any visitor the many problems India still must tackle -- social , environmental and economic , with many accompanying issues in the security domain .
The United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions no longer reflect the world 's power balance , and , even as the scale of problems common to all countries has increased , their willingness to share sovereignty to tackle them has diminished .
These questions , with all the knock-on effects in East and West Asia , must be tackled in the run-up to discussions about the renewal of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 2010 .
All that is true . Yet the United States remains the world 's only superpower , the only nation that matters in every part of the globe , the only country capable of mobilizing international action to tackle global problems .
If the G-20 is to be effective as a development instrument , it should begin to tackle the single most important financial flow that Africa and other low-income regions will attract in this new decade .
It is , of course , easier to mock the attempts of organizations such as USAID to tackle poppy production than provide a viable solution .
The `` Rational '' Suicide Bomber Hamas 's surprise victory in the Palestinian parliamentary election has made the question of who is a terrorist , and how terrorism should be tackled , more urgent than ever .
America needs to tackle inequality at its root , by giving more Americans the ability to compete in the global marketplace .
A successful Doha Round would thus complement the international collaborative efforts underway , with IMF involvement , to tackle external imbalances among the major economies .
Willingness to tackle inflation is impeded by Asia 's heavy reliance on exports and external demand .
That leaves China 's government with little choice other than to turn to internal demand and tackle the Four Uns head on .
This is why NATO will help tackle terrorism .
The first task is already being tackled .
Their leaders must do more to tackle entrenched domestic interests and encourage foreign competition .
At the UN 's Millennium Summit in September 2000 , the world 's leaders made solemn pledges to tackle global poverty .
It also has begun to tackle pervasive graft through the creation of an anti-corruption commission , accurate and validated reporting of all revenues received in the mining and timber sectors , and elimination of provisions for back-room tax deals .
Navigating Lebanon 's Political Minefield On the face of it , the donor conference of Western and oil-rich Arab nations in Paris this week merely continues the work of two previous multilateral conferences in 2001 and 2002 , aimed at helping Lebanon to rebuild its infrastructure after years of civil war and Israeli occupation and to tackle its massive debt .
The NATO Istanbul summit was a strong demonstration of an Atlanticism that looks to the challenges of today and tomorrow and is prepared to tackle security challenges wherever they emerge .
Obama administration officials had been hoping that bilateral cooperation to tackle this common threat might deepen the US-China partnership in the same way that the common Soviet threat brought Nixon and Mao together in 1972 .
A G8 commitment to the global carbon market will foster long-term financing beyond 2012 . Such carbon finance can also tackle deforestation , which represents about 20 % of the global CO2 emissions causing climate change .
Nonetheless , the Lisbon Treaty paves the way for planning and implementing policies needed to tackle crucial contemporary challenges , such as climate change , energy , research , technology , and tourism .
Parfit 's entirely secular arguments , and the comprehensive way in which he tackles alternative positions , have , for the first time in decades , put those who reject objectivism in ethics on the defensive .
In Indonesia -LRB- and to a lesser extent Malaysia -RRB- , science and technology , commerce and modern management as well as the all-important challenges of democracy , human rights , and gender equality are being tackled head-on in authentic terms of Muslim discourse .
To respond to the growing calls to help tackle regional and global security challenges , the EU must improve the efficiency and coherence of its external action still further .
Thus , an economic policy that tackles America 's debt and deficit makes up the main portion of the Strategy .
Obama 's new National Security Strategy shows a political willingness to back an international order able to tackle these challenges .
The treaties mark an attempt to balance action and ambition in a context of economic crisis , fiscal consolidation , large-scale defense transformations , increasing interdependencies , and global threats -- from terrorism and nuclear proliferation to climate change , resource scarcity , and epidemics -- that are impossible to tackle unilaterally .
For the first time , government and Roma leaders will tackle the Roma issue as a core social and economic concern .
Now a broad movement has emerged to tackle the resource curse .
Individual countries like Germany are making binding unilateral commitments that are not conditional on what other countries do , and `` coalitions of the willing '' are being formed to tackle particular sectors .
ASEAN is working with its partners to tackle global issues such as security , energy , and climate change , and its plans for a charter on enhanced cooperation is an encouraging first step toward creating a political architecture .
So a third issue needs to be tackled : democratize the IMF and World Bank .
And it is imperative that this time around , reforms offer a lasting solution to global imbalances and tackle head on the most unruly elements of international financial capital .
Between 2001and 2006 , Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi aggressively tackled Japan 's fiscal problems .
Indeed , Koizumi 's government demonstrated the best way to tackle fiscal consolidation . Koizumi decided that a primary budget balance should be restored in 10 years .
Similarly , the government proclaims bold intentions to tackle reform of Italy 's deeply indebted pension system , but lacks the political leverage to realize change .
Although a long agenda of reforms is beginning to be tackled , first in Germany and , more recently and cautiously , in France , the results are slow in coming and public understanding of the need for change remains limited .
There are four key issues that need to be tackled if we are to ensure that Europe emerges from this crisis strengthened .
We intend to take a two-pronged approach : significantly increase our local-currency lending and explore new avenues within the framework of the Vienna Initiative to tackle the crisis and prevent its recurrence .
Ending the country 's violence will require a government with both the legitimacy and capacity to tackle the underlying sources of the Taliban insurgency .
Many developing nations have tackled the sanitation challenge by building subsidized latrines .
Similar coalitions can be assembled to dent global poverty by fostering a second green revolution in Indian agriculture , to enhance India 's role in the global economy through vocational and higher education , and to tackle the worldwide spread of AIDS .
Whether it is coastal versus inland or rural versus urban , these countries must tackle the widening disparities , because high inequality may well threaten their very ability to continue growing as they have .
Developed countries should also fulfill their obligations under the Convention to provide financial support and technology transfer to enable developing countries to effectively tackle climate change .
All in all , the negative impact of the Chinese government 's crisis-management measures on China 's long-term growth may be serious if the authorities fail to tackle the economy 's structural problems head on .
If China fails to tackle its structural problems in a timely fashion , growth is unlikely to be sustainable .
