By framing the debate on reform as being about the type of handouts , governments evade tackling the real problem : their control of economic activity .
Architectural and institutional reform has to be complemented by a third achievement : agreement on a timetable for tackling the variety of biased trade rules , bloated subsidy regimes , intellectual property rules and other forms of market distortion which heavily disadvantage the developing world .
Sceptics fear that now that the collective financial threat is perceived , rightly or wrongly , to be manageable , the Pittsburgh Summit will result in a weak compromise that reflects divergent national interests rather than a sense of urgency about tackling climate change , chronic poverty and ineffective global governance .
The impact of biodiversity is often insufficiently understood , which means that we have undervalued its contribution to tackling global challenges .
So I am convinced that we should raise the profile of biodiversity in tackling climate change and food insecurity , and that we need more high-level attention to this subject .
When it comes to tackling complex political and cultural conflicts , forging international and regional alliances around a legitimate objective is more important than sheer military capacity .
From Washington , the past half-century may look like the story of a victorious Cold War against an outside enemy ; but from Europe , it looks more like the story of a slow , unremitting effort to find political , economic , legal and institutional alternatives to military power as a way of tackling geo-political problems .
As Secretary-General , Ban has lived up to his self-styled vision of being the consummate diplomat , and has made some important gains in tackling the UN 's bureaucratic bloat as well as dealing with the Middle East .
Obama wants a two-state solution , but , unlike Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush , he has n't postponed tackling the Israeli-Palestinian conflict until the end of his second term in office .
The European Union and other developed countries are already intent on tackling the problem of global food security , and could easily tailor their own schemes to become part of this wider program .
The scheme was dangerous from the viewpoint of financial markets , but extremely effective for tackling political hurdles .
Chancellor Brown 's proposals mark a watershed in tackling world poverty .
If they work together , more progress can be made in tackling the world 's problems than if they see each global flashpoint as an opportunity to seek advantage at the other 's expense .
And , as scientists become gloomier and underline the urgency of tackling climate change , economists are becoming increasingly optimistic about the opportunities implied by a low-carbon future .
The Obama administration should make as bold a break with the Bush administration 's policy toward India as the Bush administration did with its predecessor by refocusing the relationship on tackling the real sources of insecurity .
Officials in Central and Eastern Europe should pay heed to recent comments by the UK 's Home Office , which said that `` harm reduction underpins every element of our approach to tackling this complex issue . ''
To put it simply : when it comes to tackling food security , trade is part of the solution , not part of the problem .
As a result , we risk losing sight of tackling the world 's most important problems first , as well as missing the best long-term approach to global warming .
The real challenge of global warming , therefore , lies in tackling its impact on the Third World .
Financial markets , no doubt , will be skeptical about the eurozone members ' solemn commitment that the de facto Greek default will remain the exception . Verbal assurances have been the European Union 's preferred currency in tackling the euro crisis , but words now have as little value as Greece 's sovereign debt .
Because the United States is the most powerful and wisest of nations , it has a unique role to play , and the world should rally behind it in courageously tackling this challenge .
If the international community is serious about alleviating poverty and achieving development goals , tackling the diseases so directly associated with economic misery should be a fundamental objective .
Currently , a three-pronged strategy can be discerned for the `` what '' : knowledge for growth -LRB- economic recovery and prosperity -RRB- ; knowledge for society -LRB- tackling the grand challenges ahead , from climate change and energy security to healthy aging -RRB- ; and knowledge for science -LRB- nurturing Europe 's science and technology base , which remains indispensible for innovation -RRB- .
That requires expanding markets in developing countries , which means tackling income inequality and getting income into the right hands -- an enormous organizational challenge that is off the radar because economists focus exclusively on savings and supply-side issues .
Unfortunately , unlike Western countries , we can not afford to wait until our per capita annual GDP reaches $ 10,000 before tackling our environmental problems .
At the Copenhagen climate summit last December , do n't forget , a deal of sorts was cobbled together by the US and the emerging economies over the EU 's head , even though Europe had the most advanced set of proposals on tackling climate change .
While the world 's democracies are not slow to criticize American leadership , they know that they rely on the US in tackling most serious global problems .
Finally , even after Bush -- who became so unpopular in Europe -LRB- not always fairly -RRB- -- the European Union will find it hard to become the partner in tackling global problems that America needs and seeks .
We in Turkey have been tackling the question of whether Islam can coexist with Western democracy for more than 150 years .
The Lisbon Treaty also succeeds in tackling another major weakness of the EU - -- its ineffectiveness .
But `` Publish What You Pay '' is only the first step in tackling the resource curse .
Even as the top-down approach to tackling climate change is breaking down , a new bottom-up approach is emerging . It holds out better prospects for success than the cumbersome United Nations negotiations .
· Assuming international responsibility for stability , growth , and sustainability , including tackling climate change .
The restoration of growth and balance in the US economy is crucially important , not only for its effect on global growth , but also as a foundation for tackling a broad array of international problems and challenges .
But forcing such changes on his coalition partners could be as difficult for Prodi as tackling Italy 's daunting economic problems .
Approval by the association 's foreign ministers may come in September , with ASEAN leaders tackling the issue in October .
International financial institutions such as the EBRD and supranational bodies such as the European Union and the G-20 will play a key role in tackling such challenges in coming years .
His thinking has become more adventurous and he has moved on to tackling the world of cyberspace and multimedia corridors .
Each of these crises calls for urgent action . But as a new Asia Society task force argues , in tackling them the world must not lose sight of the great promise of the India-U.S. relationship .
China attaches great importance to tackling climate change .
