Many Pakistanis , disillusioned with Pakistan 's political class , remained mute , thinking that he might deliver .
Top-level thinking about the risks that Syria runs were recently made clear in an interview that President Assad gave to a Lebanese newspaper .
Considering the evidence on display in Iraq , Syrian leaders must be wondering whether the Bush administration is capable of thinking in these terms .
The internet , based on thinking and spending made in the 1940 's , and the silicon chip , developed in the 1970 's , are both products of research funded by the Pentagon .
This means less control and direct oversight of the bureaucracy , and an increased incentive to spend the day thinking up big plans rather than concentrating on targeted improvements .
How did China and France manage to fool the EU into thinking that it should ever take part in this ?
So Britain , France , and Germany must start thinking of the EU as a whole , carrying the greatest burden and taking the greatest risks .
The G-20 in London was responsive to the concerns and special circumstances of the developing world , which resulted in some big thinking .
With new self-confidence , they note that they are thinking and facing the truth unlike their Russian brethren .
Increasingly , people recognize that loose fiscal policy was poor economic policy , with serious implications for macroeconomic thinking , politics , and constitutions .
Rather than moving into the twenty-first century , Russia seems determined to revert to nineteenth-century strategic thinking .
In late January , the Obama administration issued its first unequivocal reaffirmation of the strategy of democratic enlargement that has guided Western thinking since the collapse of the Iron Curtain two decades ago .
Indeed , they deluded us for too long into thinking that the war against terrorism was a police matter -- that investigators and indictments were the way to fight fanatical terrorists , not a relentless , painstaking armed struggle .
Creative and innovative thinking is needed about Iraq ; otherwise today 's mayhem will continue -- and worsen .
But some are falling behind in this thinking , namely well-to-do Asian households -- and some Asian governments .
Stability is at the heart of his thinking .
After eight years of American unilateralism that left behind a broken transatlantic alliance , resuscitated the specter of a cold war with Russia , and saw the Middle East decline into a doomsday politics , Obama 's injection of new thinking to endemic problems is extremely welcome .
The thinking is clear -LRB- if rarely spelled out clearly by politicians -RRB- : whereas a loss of market confidence in the British state 's solvency would most likely trigger a depression , above-target inflation can be rectified at a relatively tolerable cost to living standards -LRB- though higher than it should have been -RRB- .
In fact , the financial statements of mega-banks are impenetrable works of fiction or wishful thinking .
Each is its own industrial revolution , and will profoundly alter our lives and ways of thinking .
The text introduced by the European Liberal Democrats , with the support of virtually all political groups in the European Parliament , is revolutionary , not only because it goes against conventional thinking , but also because it raises the issue above the stagnant reality of the `` war on drugs . ''
Because of the serious threat that the illegal drug economy poses to stability and democracy in Afghanistan , we must start thinking in terms of regulated poppy growing for medical purposes , in particular for painkillers , with the active participation of donor countries and the UN itself .
Pretending that banks that passed modest stress tests can be kept open indefinitely with little collateral damage is wishful -- and dangerous -- thinking .
Is it naive to believe that the world amounts to more than zero-sum thinking ?
After all , the three largest EU states -- Germany , Britain , and France -- can be expected to seek agreements among themselves about the Union 's future shape , so the Benelux countries ' common goal should be to influence their actions and ensure that their thinking is acceptable to the whole community .
But the language used by the Obama administration to describe the violence and state corruption that snakes from the Andes to the US border is starting to capture new thinking on narcotics .
From experience , most Israelis have developed a worldview that combines traditional left-wing and right-wing thinking .
This same short-term thinking characterizes the world 's dependence on fossil fuels .
One possible line of criticism of this kind of thinking is simply to claim the superiority of Western values .
If anything , West Europeans after World War II drew conclusions that were closer to Chamberlain 's thinking in 1938 than Churchill 's .
But the very ideas that helped them to survive continue to muddle the thinking of people who really ought to know better by now .
This kind of thinking helped the Nazis destroy German democracy in the 1930 's .
Of course , most right-thinking people are a bit like de Coubertin .
And the female victims often put up with it by thinking that this is true .
It is right for a democracy to repudiate a dictatorship , and the new Spanish law is cautiously drafted , but it is better to leave people free to express even unsavory political sympathies , for legal bans do n't foster free thinking , they impede them .
We must fight Islamic extremism , but not by tapping into the darkest gut feelings of the unthinking mob .
But it is time for Asia 's powers to start thinking creatively and acting cooperatively to prevent a violent implosion .
NEW YORK -- The conventional wisdom that sub-Saharan Africa has moved beyond military coups may be wishful thinking .
The result is that Berlusconi 's supposed allies such as former Minister Gianfranco Micciche and current Governor of Sicily Raffaele Lombardo , are seriously thinking of setting up a `` Party of the South '' to ensure that Italy 's southern regions have enough clout to withstand the Lega Nord 's onslaught .
None of this is especially earth-shattering or original , except insofar as it seems to suggest the persistence of a Cold War mentality in US foreign-policy thinking about Latin America .
As we might expect , sensation-generating areas are active , but so are structures in emotion-generating areas of the brain and structures related to attention and thinking .
The Cold War legacy , however , continues to weigh down thinking in Hanoi and Washington to some extent .
The new `` global strategic partnership '' with the United States -- a defining feature of this decade -- was made possible by the post-1989 shifts in Indian policy thinking .
All of this suggests a tectonic shift in Japan 's military thinking .
In this area , more than in most , wishful thinking is a deadly mistake .
So rethinking democracy and its institutions must be a top priority for all to whom the constitution of liberty is dear .
Chancellor Gerhard Schröder of Germany liked the idea so much that he is now thinking of setting up his own Convention to review Germany 's constitutional arrangements .
London comes to mind when thinking of an example of relative success in the face of extraordinary diversity .
It may be that rethinking strategy in the light of new facts will open a way forward .
It requires a sense of the medium term and a commitment to rational debate of issues , for one tradition that can be revived -- that of enlightened thinking -- is the most important of all .
But demographers rarely use CDR 's , thinking instead in terms of age - and sex-specific mortality rates , usually summarized as `` life expectancy . ''
In a real struggle over things that actually matter , we must assume that we are up against thinking opponents , who may understand some things about us that we do n't know about ourselves .
Reaction-time tests involve little thinking , and merely ask people to respond as fast as they can to simple stimuli .
What Rubin sees as most important in developing policy is the habit of `` probabilistic thinking . ''
But in reading In an Uncertain World , you soon see that `` probabilistic thinking '' was not Rubin 's only weapon .
From the pro-consulate of Julius Caesar until 1945 , there was most likely at least one army crossing or about to cross or thinking of crossing the Rhine in arms .
The Bush administration has yet to realize this , but other governments are not thinking hard enough , either .
That may still prove to be wishful thinking .
That means , of course , that the EU should seek to widen its transatlantic thinking so that the EU and the United States cooperate more closely on defining -- and thus protecting -- their common interests in a world where together they account for little more than 10 % of the total population .
His boundless energy and quick thinking delivered success from behind the scenes .
A similar resistance to noisome conclusions -- and similarly understandable from a psychological viewpoint -- informs today 's thinking about terrorists .
For many years , Mexico avoided service on the Security Council , thinking that a seat there would entail many costs and few benefits .
Russia has tried for years to get away from Cold War thinking and to persuade our partners to drop their stereotypes .
But , while much more needs to be done to meet the immediate needs of this famine 's victims , we should also be thinking now about long-term solutions to preclude food crises on this scale from happening in the first place .
Countless other international initiatives are also underway that reflect a wider revolution in thinking about nuclear weapons -- a revolution that is welcome and long overdue .
This is the kind of thinking that was driving us at a recent health care working group gathered as part of the recent Civil Society Summit organized in Moscow by the Eurasia Foundation , the New Eurasia Foundation and the CSIS . -LRB- I was there as a Eurasia Foundation board member . -RRB-
So I welcomed the chance to clarify my thinking .
Judging by governments ' reactions to the crisis , one could be forgiven for thinking that market regulators and competition authorities should take the lead when an economy is stable , and that industrial policies should be implemented in times of emergency .
Unfortunately , everything suggests that this was an illusion based on wishful thinking .
Foreign central banks are suffering capital losses on their unthinking investments .
It has contributed significantly to international thinking on the design of new lending facilities .
In thinking about these prospects , it is important to understand the nature of the British disease . It was not simply that America and Germany grew faster than Britain after 1870 .
But making this vision a reality requires further bold thinking .
In the United States , those who argue for another stimulus package observe that it was always wishful thinking to believe that a $ 787 billion package could offset a $ 3 trillion fall in private spending .
This sort of thinking is the surest way to block enlargement .
The process that produced our species in Africa granted it a number of advantages - syntactical language , advanced cognition , symbolic thinking - that favored its spread throughout the world and determined its eventual evolutionary success .
That 's not a recipe for sophisticated thinking .
Moreover , they have called for a complete rethinking of deterrence strategy , in order to minimize , and ultimately eliminate , reliance on the most indiscriminately destructive weapons ever invented .
None of this makes Julian Assange a Daniel Ellsberg -LRB- who 40 years ago leaked the Pentagon Papers , exposing US-government thinking on Vietnam -RRB- .
If either country adhered to the thinking embodied in the Bush administration 's new nuclear policy , there would be little reason for each not to seek to integrate nuclear weapons even more deeply into their own contingency plans -- and possibly use them .
CAMBRIDGE -- Thirty years ago Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher brought about a revolution in thinking and policy in both economics and foreign affairs .
They were revolutionaries in their thinking and in their ability to inspire others to accept fundamental change .
There is one further important consideration in thinking about the future value of the dollar : relative inflation rates in the US and abroad . The US trade deficit depends on the real value of the dollar -- that is , the value of the dollar adjusted for differences in price levels in the US and abroad .
It is time for Greece , other eurozone members , and the European Commission to start thinking seriously about that option .
But worse still , in troubled times conventional Euro-politicians instinctively reach for consensus , cohabitation , and coziness . So now the mainstream is re-thinking its policies , aping or assimilating the extremists , hoping to emasculate them by embracing them in government , or luring their votes by imitating their agenda .
Obviously , Olmert is thinking of fusing an agreement on the final status with the Road Map mechanism .
But this would require a Western policy based on long-term thinking and a self-confident and strong power position , because the Kremlin will perceive any sign of division and weakness as encouragement to return to Great Russian power politics .
They are thinking first and foremost of themselves , not of Europe , which is thus effectively without leadership .
This kind of legitimate and yet petty-minded thinking has serious international consequences .
Only courageous thinking and action will enable them to steer clear of the rocks .
I do n't know what Germany 's foreign minister , Guido Westerwelle , could have been thinking .
The fact that many Western economies got out of recession last year should not fool us into thinking that the crisis was only a brief interlude , and that the post-crisis world can return to the pre-crisis status quo .
His contributions have been , and remain , so important as that they have altered traditional ways of thinking .
Yet the fear of Jewish prowess continued to shape the thinking of the West , both consciously and unconsciously .
A better approach is to identify the issues that arise in thinking about terrorism and clarify why people experience terror from certain acts of violence .
Standard international-relations thinking does not even entertain the question , and those conventional ways of seeing the world have blinded us to looking at this crucial question .
I 've been thinking about that question ever since .
? Two panels of technical experts are the ones to judge trends in copper prices and output , respectively , insulated from the political processes that can otherwise succumb to wishful thinking .
Israel made a similar mistake in thinking that it could use its enormous margin of conventional military power to destroy Hezbollah in last summer 's Lebanon War .
By contrast , the humanities and the natural sciences share a sense of reality that transcends time and place ; hence their common interest in a fixed `` human nature . '' This is tied to a way of thinking and a sense of knowing that is largely contemplative and sometimes even disempowering , as reality comes to seem to be whatever resists our concerted efforts at change .
But , more profoundly , this entire line of thinking neglects the distinctly transformative capacity of the knowledge in which the humanities specializes .
Messrs. Bush , Rumsfeld , Cheney and Wolfowitz like to pose as realists , but just how realistic is such thinking ?
Is it based on a sober assessment of the complex realities in Iraq and the region ? Or is it driven by ideology and wishful thinking ?
Both generals and diplomats are finding it hard to move beyond Cold War thinking , and their retrograde posture is hindering President Putin 's efforts to push the country in a new direction .
High-ranking diplomats understand that their way of thinking requires one sort of diplomacy , and that a foreign policy focused on realizing Russia 's economic potential requires quite another .
Independent thinking is an underestimated factor .
It is usually assumed that developing economies need to build resources that emulate those in the developed world , but this could actually stifle the most creative thinking .
Twenty years of the most advanced thinking for mathematical algorithms came from a Soviet empire starved of computing power .
Their thinking is at the forefront of a widening recognition that France must face the world 's challenges as they really are , not as the French want them to be .
In thinking about this possibility we are drawn to the example of Ireland , where a two-state solution has worked .
The thinking behind the new arrangement was that an independent and flexible monetary policy would serve the nation 's interest better than a fixed exchange rate that tied the naira to the pound .
Rethinking Sovereignty
The reason for this is worth thinking about .
The thinking is that young men and women will be less likely to become terrorists if they are members of societies that provide them with political and economic opportunities to live meaningful and satisfying lives .
Third , terrorism needs to be checked . This means doing everything possible to stop infiltration of terrorists into Iraq and rethinking support for militias .
Observers could be forgiven for thinking that they are speaking about two entirely different conflicts .
But , unless international thinking gets considerably more realistic in a hurry , what happens in Copenhagen will be anything but wonderful .
Of course , one reason for this lies in the inert mode of thinking which persists from the Soviet era , when NATO was portrayed by the totalitarian regime and its media as the Soviet Union 's arch-enemy .
My thinking does not emanate from aversion to Russia , or any feeling of superiority -- or , on the other hand , from fear of how Russia might respond to NATO 's further enlargement .
Needless to say , the end of the bipolar division of the world and the progress of our civilization along the course that we now call globalization urge us to engage in a radically new way of thinking about the future world order .
Unfortunately , the way of thinking that supported Communist dictatorships has not disappeared entirely .
As there is not much space in such thinking for individual moral action , social critics are often ridiculed as naive moralists or elitists .
Respected organizations like Reporters without Borders and Amnesty International have collected ample evidence of violence and intimidation against freethinking Cubans , who can expect a different kind of ring than that from jangling keys .
And , if China comes out of the crisis as the big winner and continues to boost its power , zero-sum thinking will soon replace win-win cooperation .
But it was the terrorist attacks on the US in September 2001 that brought a sea change in the thinking , if not yet the practice , of at least part of the Saudi regime .
Exaggeration contradicts the key hallmarks of scientific reasoning : critical thinking and careful appraisal of the evidence .
At last year 's United Nations-sponsored climate-change conference in Cancún , Mexico , German Federal Environment Minister Norbert Röttgen noted that , `` In Germany , there has been a shift in thinking over the past years : in industry , politics , and society , we now see climate policy as an opportunity and challenge , not as a threat . ''
The aftermath of the banking crisis requires thinking about not only the most appropriate form of banking legislation , but also the appropriate size of the state .
Second , it lends itself much more effectively to long-term strategic thinking about the overall direction of the national , or even the international , economy .
Disaster is an opportunity for thinking of ways to make the world fundamentally better -- and also prevent future crises .
People do a great deal of thinking , but sometimes they think so much that they come up with contradictory responses .
But such an outcome would be to repeat the thinking of the past , when the main need was to broker influence between Europe and the US .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Just over a hundred years ago , the United States led the world in terms of rethinking how big business worked -- and when the power of such firms should be constrained .
But , as European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet likes to point out , market participants are good at thinking backwards : if they can see where a Ponzi-type scheme ends , everything unravels .
But there is a broader Reagan-type reasoning at work here : unemployment is high , the economy is not growing fast enough , and we `` need a fiscal stimulus . '' For those who generally like lower taxes , of course , this , too , is wishful thinking .
Some commentators dismiss this as irrational , but , again , that is wishful thinking .
As the money rolled in , wages rose , real-estate prices reached to near-Parisian levels , and people fooled themselves into thinking that Kazakhstan had become Asia 's latest tiger .
Perhaps frustrated by his failure to find factual errors in my reporting , the author of the report offered some editorial comments that epitomized the flawed thinking on which the war rested . I had been unaware , he thought , of some extenuating factors for the destruction I witnessed .
Americans are accustomed to thinking that their country 's bitter experience in Vietnam taught certain lessons that became cautionary principles .
The paradigm of international security that had long dominated Japan 's defense thinking had shifted and policymakers realized that they had to shift with it .
What is most needed nowadays is clear thinking about how to live with an expanding club of nuclear states while keeping the world relatively stable .
But arms-control talks are built upon the concept of the balance of forces , which is a sure recipe for reviving confrontational and militaristic thinking .
Insistence on such policies at a time when the US and most of the rest of the rich world are following virtually the opposite economic strategy indicates the need for fundamental rethinking of what actually generates growth and development .
He became known as `` The Peasants ' Tsar , '' though he did n't tolerate any opposition thinking contrary to his own .
That message echoes Solzhenitsyn 's famous commencement address at Harvard in 1978 : `` Any ancient deeply rooted autonomous culture , especially if it is spread on a wide part of the earth 's surface , constitutes an autonomous world , full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking .
If Western bankers and investors want to buy snake oil , that is their business . But no one should leave such events thinking that anything Medvedev says means that Russia is changing .
Today , many people might think that all of this is water under the bridge . But the fate of the Annan plan remains very much a part of Turkish thinking on the Cyprus issue .
Any re-thinking of EU policy toward Russia should recognize that , while Russia will remain a regional power and global player during the next decade , it is unlikely to become a liberal democracy .
Europeans might be forgiven for thinking that the Americans , who pumped up oil prices in the first place with their military misadventure in Iraq , should be the ones who `` pump it down '' with an energy tax .
Some of this , no doubt , is wishful thinking on the part of economically unsophisticated people .
This is protectionist thinking par excellence . What makes exports so special ?
This project differs from the West 's human rights movement , which is based on natural law thinking .
? We must cultivate mutual respect and consideration , so as to reach a reasonable balance of interests , instead of thinking only of unlimited power and unavoidable competitive struggles ;
Breaking the sequence of Israeli assassination followed by Palestinian suicide bombing requires a change of thinking and action .
The two of you also went against conventional Israeli thinking by breaking away from your Likud party , greatly weakening the ideological stranglehold that Likud 's far-right central committee held on Israeli politics .
The realization that withdrawal from populated areas , and thus an end to holding another people under permanent occupation , was necessary to preserve the Jewish nature of Israel clearly brought the two of you to the center of Israeli thinking .
Conventional thinking in the Middle East has largely been built on Israel 's overwhelming military strength , together with the disunity and lack of purpose of Arab leaders .
The barrage of Hezbollah and Hamas rockets has shown the folly of such thinking .
To guide our thinking , we asked ourselves : if we had , say , an extra $ 75 billion to spend , where could we achieve the most good ?
Hu 's unbridled glorification of `` Mao Zedong Thought , '' coupled with his suppression of dissent in the media , has begun not only to reveal a true authoritarian , but also to belie the wishful thinking of liberals , both inside and outside China , who hoped that Hu would be a reform-minded leader .
Radical new thinking is needed in fisheries management to overcome the ecological and evolutionary problems generated by current practice .
Because this sequence is for all students , what will be retained in the future are the stories and , most importantly , a scientific way of thinking .
The global crisis has led to a rethinking of governments ' economic role .
This type of thinking underpinned Brazil 's agreement to include the issue of bio-fuels in a joint declaration and subsequent meeting of Bush and President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva at Camp David .
But it does mean that we can quit panicking and start thinking calmly to ensure that we focus on the right issues .
Treason in the Air COPENHAGEN -- Discussions about global warming are marked by an increasing desire to stamp out `` impure '' thinking , to the point of questioning the value of democratic debate .
That would be a shameful legacy -- one that could be avoided by re-thinking climate policy .
A realistic `` Plan B '' does not mean plotting a second meeting after Copenhagen , as some have suggested . It means re-thinking our strategy .
For jailing Liu on the absurd charge of trying to overthrow the Chinese state is typical of the type of thinking found in the closed societies of twentieth-century communism , where the state asserted its absolute right to judge every thought and every thinker .
It is as if three decades after China 's `` opening , '' nothing has changed in the Party 's way of thinking and ruling .
The tragedy of such thinking is that it does not allow for any moral and political complexity or nuance , yet that is exactly what will be needed if the many problems surrounding Iran are to be resolved .
Residual traces of totalitarian thinking can also be found in the hostility to former dissidents like Adam Michnik or Václav Havel , both of whom argued that the new democracies should not exploit resentments or seek revenge , as the totalitarian state did , but instead build a new national consensus to structure and empower a genuine civil society .
I was thinking again about these old and seemingly unsolvable questions during my re-reading of a quite challenging novel by a close friend and a great writer , not very present in the vivid landscape of American letters of today .
Today 's crisis calls for every thinking Pakistani to ask serious questions of themselves : What should be the idea of Pakistan ?
Mobutu 's rule was , of course , deeply flawed , but he was not alone within the pan-African movement in such thinking .
The African Union needs thorough rethinking .
But not thinking about something is not the same thing as being unable to remember it .
On the contrary , wishful thinking led experts to adduce `` discontinuation symptoms '' as evidence of the effectiveness of vital remedies .
The 2005 review , by contrast , will represent several years of thinking by the Bush administration , and thus will serve as a key indicator of the future course of American defense policy .
Five principles should guide their thinking .
This calls for fundamental innovations in precautionary thinking and risk analysis . ''
Given the evolution of American strategic thinking after Iraq -LRB- and now Afghanistan -RRB- , and of Israel 's strategic thinking after Lebanon , a preventive strike is highly unlikely .
The third analogy is reflected in Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert 's recent references to Israel 's nuclear deterrent , which may have been a mistake , but probably indicate the evolution of Israeli strategic thinking .
Indeed , by militarizing our thinking , it renders us incapable of finding the right answers , which must be as much political as security-oriented .
Conformism flows naturally from these encounters and creates a world in which everybody tends to think alike , as if a truly global community could create a global way of thinking , even if positions on how to address the current financial crisis are varied .
The idea that the Chinese regime would quickly reform the country into an open , moderate , and benevolent giant was either a fraud , a gigantic misperception , or wishful thinking .
This Israeli conviction on what it considers an existential issue stands in stark contrast with the fatalism that otherwise dominates Israelis ' thinking about themselves and their relations with the Palestinians .
Of course , domestic considerations are not absent from Sarkozy 's thinking .
Riven by such blinkered thinking , Iran seems incapable of making headway on even the most sensible policy .
It is sad to note that European leaders sometimes adopt such narrow positions , too , responding to the short-term demands of electoral politics instead of facing the challenges of long-term strategic thinking . Sarkozy , too , has fallen prey to this trend .
This line of thinking led governments to believe that Arabs would not demonstrate in large numbers and demand change .
Saddam also assigned his deputy Izzat Ibrahim to lead a so-called `` faith drive . '' The campaign was designed to serve several purposes , including the suppression of any free , secular thinking .
It is , of course , possible to trace the concept of universal rights at least as far back as seventeenth-century English thinking about natural law .
The concept was partially embraced in the French Declaration of Rights of 1789 and , to a greater extent , in Thomas Jefferson 's language in the same era about `` inalienable rights . '' It also shaped the thinking of those in England who led the anti-slavery struggle of the second half of the eighteenth century , the first human rights movement .
A factor that contributed to their demise was a shift in thinking that transformed the conflict between East and West away from one that emphasized economic systems . Instead , it was the contrast between totalitarianism and respect for rights that completely discredited the oppressive regimes linked to Moscow and helped to bring them down .
But I think that there is more wishful thinking than hardheaded logic among those calling for a `` color revolution . ''
Men often ca n't hear women 's lower tones , and their brains , unlike women 's , have a `` rest '' state -LRB- he actually is sometimes thinking about `` nothing '' ! -RRB- .
Gorbachev 's foreign policy , which he called `` new thinking , '' also contributed to the Cold War 's end .
But given the other options , the US would be wise to start thinking of a new diplomatic package .
The new unilateralists who dominated Bush 's first administration made the mistake of thinking that the unipolar distribution of power in the military context was sufficient to guide foreign policy .
Even when thinking only of fighting and threats , many analysts focus solely on inter-state war , and concentrate on soldiers in uniforms , organized and equipped by the state in formal military units .
`` An innovative economy needs open markets , venture capital , free thinking entrepreneurs , fast bankruptcy courts and solid protection of intellectual property , '' she argues .
Walking through the square the other evening , I found myself thinking back to when I first began following China 's amazing odyssey .
But , to talk with Iran effectively , one must understand Iranian values and thinking .
What were they thinking ? Other cabinet ministers had been promised that no fatalities would occur .
Religion remains a compulsory subject throughout university programs , while inquisitiveness , critical thinking , and objective analysis are all widely discouraged .
This failure reflects the dominance of conventional economics , which has produced closed-minded group-thinking within the global central banking community .
The European Central Bank and the Bank of England have been the worst offenders . That is no surprise , as European central bankers are the most conventional in their thinking and have been the most obsessed with inflation .
Motor City Meltdown WASHINGTON , DC -- The financial crisis that began in 2007 has been persistently marked by muddled thinking and haphazard policymaking .
Part of my thinking concerns personal style , but also something deeper : the relationship between professional politicians and voters .
What struck me , thinking back to the days I once spent in Northern Ireland , was how both there and here the crucible of so much struggle , bitterness , and bloodshed is very small . There is an intimacy about the geography of Northern Ireland , Gaza , and the West Bank that makes the violence seem all the more inexplicable and obscene .
With a dispassionate eye on the long game , what will the president himself be thinking ?
LONDON -- Volcanoes have consequences -- and I 'm not just thinking about the chaos caused to air travel by Iceland 's unpronounceable last eruption -LRB- known to the Pentagon as E-15 -RRB- .
It is also time to start thinking about a new way of organizing Central Europe .
This convergence has less to do with regulatory thinking on bank size or function than with a common need to play to the political gallery and raise more tax revenue .
But if that belief dominated bankers ' thinking , they would still worry about their savings .
A historical perspective on bridge building or any other engineering specialty provides a caveat about how our humanity affects our thinking .
On the other hand , most of us are woefully inadequate to practice the venerable and vital art of baloney detection -LRB- or , more politely , critical thinking -RRB- , which is so necessary in modern society .
Of course , it may be that humanity has always been short on critical thinking . That 's why we keep allowing ourselves to be talked into supporting unjust wars -LRB- not to mention actually dying in them -RRB- , or voting for people whose main job seems to be to amass as much wealth for the rich as they can get away with .
But the need for critical thinking has never been as pressing as in the Internet era .
Unfortunately , colleges , high schools , and even elementary schools are unlikely to mandate introductory courses in critical thinking on their own .
This can and must change , but it requires a grassroots movement that uses blogs , online magazines and newspapers , book clubs and meet-up clubs , and anything else that might work to promote educational opportunities to develop critical-thinking skills .
And the difficulty people everywhere have in thinking in terms of probabilities -- especially low probabilities , which they tend to write off -- weakens political support for incurring the costs of taking precautionary measures .
For over a decade , American strategic thinking has focused on China 's emergence as a great power in East Asia .
Such thinking is passé . China already is East Asia 's great power .
If you believe that the blame lies with greedy bankers and unthinking investors , lulled by the promise of a government bailout , or with a market driven crazy by irrational exuberance , we had studied all this too , in great detail .
Their thinking -- and the Fed 's -- follows the misguided calculus that if low rates are good for jobs , ultra-low rates must be even better .
Everyone came away thinking that they had won , but the world largely lost .
The threat of depleting the world 's scarce energy resources has maintained a powerful hold on popular thinking ever since the oil shocks of the 1970 's .
Unfortunately , however , the US-led invasion of Afghanistan and the subsequent invasion -- without UN authority -- of Iraq underscore the primacy of military solutions in the strategic thinking of affluent nations .
But while Kolakowski `` traveled '' with the Communists and supported them for a few years , he was never really a `` good comrade '' because he never allowed himself to stop thinking for himself .
Kolakowski paid dearly for his free thinking -- less than two years after his speech in Warsaw , he was deprived of his teaching position and forced into an exile that would last for over 20 years .
OXFORD -- A new way of thinking about individual choice has taken the political landscape by storm . America 's new president Barack Obama and the leader of the British Conservatives , David Cameron -LRB- just to drop a couple of names -RRB- have shown an interest in it .
Indeed , the fetishization of any document has a religious cast that should make any thinking person skeptical .
On closer scrutiny , what passed as state-of-the-art thinking on economic policy turns out to have been based on some crude rules of thumb .
This line of thinking has vast implications for the design of appropriate global economic arrangements .
The result is muddled thinking and inappropriate strategies for reform .
Macroeconomic policy is an area in which economists have done a lot of thinking about institutional prerequisites . The same is true in a few other areas , such as education policy and telecom regulation .
But in other areas , such as trade , employment , or industrial policies , prevailing thinking is either naïve or non-existent .
The Spence report reflects a broader intellectual shift within the development profession , a shift that encompasses not just growth strategies but also health , education , and other social policies . The traditional policy framework , which the new thinking is gradually replacing , is presumptive rather than diagnostic .
His blind spot on financial-market excesses -- the little `` flaw '' in his thinking , as he later termed -- left him oblivious to the dangers of Wall Street titans ' financial innovations .
He is an interesting fellow , my colleague said , with a doctorate from the London School of Economics and Political Science -LRB- LSE -RRB- ; I would enjoy talking to him , and I might be able to help his thinking on economic matters .
This underscores the need for creative thinking on credibility-enhancing mechanisms as an integral part of reform .
It is possible , the thinking now runs , to design and build nuclear plants that can keep the fuel rods cool even if all power is lost .
Even some capital-oriented thinking says that shareholders are better off if managers make all major decisions . And often the interests of shareholders and managers are aligned .
In particular , should governments , especially those that are endlessly building up dollar reserves , instead start thinking about how to build up their roads , bridges , ports , electric grids , and other infrastructure ?
American voters , who are famously loathe to increase taxes , might start thinking a lot harder about the real economic costs of their country 's superpower status .
As central bankers and finance ministers ponder how to intervene to prop up the dollar , they should also start thinking about what to do when the time comes to pull the plug .
Unfortunately , the conventional post-mortem on Lehman is wishful thinking . It basically says that no matter how huge the housing bubble , how deep a credit hole the United States -LRB- and many other countries -RRB- had dug , and how convoluted the global financial system , we could have just grown our way out of trouble . Patch up Lehman , move on , keep drafting off of China 's energy , and nothing bad ever need have happened .
The IMF is on much weaker ground , however , in thinking that its one-size-fits-all global tax system will somehow level the playing field internationally . It wo n't .
Of course , I may be far too optimistic in thinking that the tragedy in the Gulf will spur a more sensible energy policy that attempts to moderate consumption rather than constantly seeking new ways to fuel it .
A great deal of the US political reaction has centered on demonizing BP and its leaders , rather than thinking of better ways to balance regulation and innovation .
Americans borrowed and shopped until they were blue in the face , thinking that an ever-rising housing price market would wash away all financial sins .
Perhaps this was just wishful thinking from a man who will die in prison after his own record-breaking $ 50 billion pyramid scheme collapsed in 2008 .
Simply put , Europe and the US control too much power in the IMF , and their thinking is too dominant .
That seems to be the thinking behind the European Commission 's proposed financial transactions tax -LRB- FTT -RRB- -- the Commission 's latest response to Europe 's festering growth and financing problems .
Visiting Moscow that month , our NATO expert group sought to promote a re-thinking of mutual perceptions .
A liberal political order implies a rule of law that recognizes precedents and analogical thinking .
But this reading is largely wishful thinking by those who support secession .
Its leaders squabbled , regarding themselves as the sole possible rulers and engaging in wishful thinking that some external factor would hand them whatever they wanted .
Kadima is built on Sharon 's charisma and program , which reversed the most basic Israeli strategic thinking of the last half-century .
He did not shy away from stating his views , often reflecting the advice of Keynes : `` Words ought to be a little wild for they are the assault of thoughts on the unthinking '' .
There has been a rethinking of the structure and role of our traditional military alliances , including the North Atlantic Treaty Organization , which is setting up a new NATO Response Force and has moved outside Europe for the first time with the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan .
But this `` historical '' Conservatism can not survive in the age of globalization , because national-conservative thinking is anachronistic .
The public is largely unaware of the scientific knowledge we have concerning the threats and risks that we face , and that we can reduce these risks by thinking ahead .
Just when one is lulled into thinking that something other than oil is at the root of current US and UK action in Iraq , reality pulls us back .
But the world 's scientists and engineers , as well as global technology leaders such as General Electric , are also sending a clear message : we can solve the problem at modest cost if we put our best thinking and action into real solutions .
We are used to thinking about global cooperation in fields such as monetary policy , disease control , or nuclear weapons proliferation .
We are less accustomed to thinking of global cooperation to promote new technologies , such as clean energy , a malaria vaccine , or drought-resistant crops to help poor African farmers .
To a large extent , the US crisis was actually made by the Fed , helped by the wishful thinking of the Bush administration .
We need scientifically literate politicians adept at evidence-based critical thinking to translate these findings and recommendations into policy and international agreements .
Ban has tirelessly emphasized the need to put sustainable development at the center of our thinking .
The idea of controlling epidemic disease and cutting absolute poverty sharply by 2015 is not naïve idealism , but hard-headed thinking amply supported by the best evidence .
The 1970s embargo was evidently a defining moment in the strategic thinking of Messrs. Cheney and Rumsfeld .
These challenges - petroleum scarcity , growing instability in the Middle East , and climate change - require clear thinking .
Barbarous thinking comes easily , and right-wingers fuel the fervor , as when Rush Limbaugh said on his radio program `` They 're the ones who are perverted .
I am not saying that the US is more depraved than other countries . What I am saying is that human society , even in the twenty-first century , is capable of sliding into barbaric thinking and action , no matter the level of `` development . ''
Today 's job market demands skills based on problem-solving , critical thinking , modern languages , and technology , but Arab educational systems generally remain traditional , rote-based , and authoritarian .
Just as Mao 's portrait has never been taken down from The Gate of Heavenly Peace , so whole elements of his revolution continue to survive in China 's institutions , ways of thinking , and modes of interacting with the world .
That is the most pressing immediate question , but America 's leaders should also be thinking ahead .
In September 2010 , Hu gave a speech in Hong Kong in which he called for new thinking about Chinese democracy .
It is important to start thinking about what changes lay ahead , because it may be harder to agree later on .
As psychologists have shown , people are susceptible to `` wishful thinking bias , '' wishing away possible future problems that they would rather not think about .
Interest rate increases will deliver a fresh dose of reality : the interest expense of owning a home is going to claim a larger share of family budgets , a hard fact that will eventually sink into our thinking .
This would help reframe public thinking , which is all a government really needs to do .
Changes in people 's fundamental ways of thinking are not easily reversed .
Most of the popular attention that the `` superstar cities '' theory has received merely reflects the psychology of the housing boom that we have been seeing , as well as a wishful thinking bias .
This was the time of the `` great population scare , '' which transformed thinking worldwide , no doubt contributing to higher commodity prices while the fear lasted .
The kinds of expectations for real estate prices that have informed public thinking during the recent bubbles were often totally unrealistic .
Such thinking may be playing a part in the recent rebound of home prices .
But in fact , it is probably more accurate to think of the ups and downs of the world 's housing markets as a reflection of the change in our thinking about housing as an investment .
If so , the volatility in home prices after 2000 was the result of faulty thinking , not of the natural effects of global economic growth , which has occurred at a relatively smooth rate for decades now .
Faulty thinking , in turn , encouraged loose practices by mortgage lenders , and led central banks to take no action against housing bubbles as they developed .
The research by the Reinharts and Rogoff is an expansion and generalization of many people 's informal economic thinking , which often compares the present with stories of major past episodes .
A bubble forms when the contagion rate goes up for ideas that support a bubble . But contagion rates depend on patterns of thinking , which are difficult to judge .
One might be misled into thinking that , because 90 % sounds awfully close to 100 % , awful things start happening to countries that get into such a mess . But if one reads their paper carefully , it is clear that Reinhart and Rogoff picked the 90 % figure almost arbitrarily .
We must protect ourselves against fallacies , such as thinking that just because a risk has not proved damaging for decades , it no longer exists .
Indeed , in the wake of the invasion of Georgia , China may be seriously rethinking its relations with Russia .
While they are not vegetarian , some of these columnists say , they are so disgusted with what they have been seeing on television that they have been thinking of giving up meat .
A few years ago , a research team led by Vikram Patel reported in the British Medical Journal that depression is common in Zimbabwe , where it was often known by a Shona word that means `` thinking too much . ''
They were in their mid-twenties , earning six-figure incomes at an investment company -- more than they needed -- and were thinking about donating money to help make the world a better place .
On average , 59 % say this , with only 19 % thinking that people are treated less equally , and 20 % saying that there has been no change .
In India , although only 53 % say that women have gained greater equality , an additional 14 % say that women now have more rights than men ! -LRB- Presumably , they were thinking only of those females who are not aborted because prenatal testing has shown them not to be male . -RRB-
Researchers like Jane Goodall , Diane Fossey , and Birute Galdikas have shown that great apes are thinking , self-aware beings , with rich emotional lives , and thereby prepared the ground for extending basic rights to them .
Quite apart from these weak attempts to justify Bush 's statement as `` technically accurate , '' the more serious charge is that even if what Bush said really were technically accurate , it still would have been designed to mislead the world into thinking that Iraq had been trying to buy uranium in Africa .
Moreover , as Elie Hassenfeld has argued on GiveWell.net , there are good grounds for thinking that disaster relief is less cost-effective than aid aimed at saving the lives of those who are risk from extreme poverty .
I realized it was over the line and I think the way I carried on so quickly fooled the referee into thinking it was not over . ''
Karlan 's research , and the results obtained at stickK , suggests that most people , when they are thinking calmly , have a sense of what is in their interests , but , faced with more immediate temptations , are often unable to keep to their plans .
Last month , parallel developments on opposite sides of the world gave us grounds for thinking that the world may , slowly and haltingly , be becoming a little more civilized .
Rethinking the sanctions imposed on India in the wake of its nuclear tests has begun , and the sanctions may be lifted soon .
But the European debt crisis will not disappear into thin air by virtue of wishful thinking .
Even Marx knew that the iron laws of economics could not be overcome by wishful thinking .
Nevertheless , Indonesians would be mistaken in thinking that they have nothing to fear .
In Greenspan 's summary of Schumpeter 's thinking , a `` market economy will incessantly revitalize itself from within by scrapping old and failing businesses and then reallocating resources to newer , more productive ones . '' Greenspan had seen `` this pattern of progress and obsolescence repeat over and over again . ''
Instead , we should be thinking of ways to restore the patient 's health .
Contrary to Keynes , orthodox economists believe that , after a big shock , economies will `` naturally '' return to their previous rate of growth , provided that governments balance their budgets and stop stealing resources from the private sector . The theory underlying this way of thinking was set out in the July Bulletin of the European Central Bank .
Classical apocalyptic thinking is certainly alive and well , especially in America , where it feeds on Protestant fundamentalism , and is mass marketed with all the resources of modern media .
In secularized , pseudo-scientific form , apocalyptic thinking has also been at the core of revolutionary politics .
But apocalyptic thinking distorts the scientific debate and makes it harder to explain the causes and consequences of this fact , which in turn makes it harder to know how to deal with it .
Its thinking goes beyond the dominant , unilateral paradigm of its predecessor and includes a defense of international law .
Within the framework of multilateralism , countries must make the effort to smooth over their differences and deepen their relations : we must conquer the inertia that moves us towards old thinking -- and old alliances .
Until the dust settles on the new Middle East , the old roadmaps seem dated , and conventional wisdom holds that progress toward a peace agreement in the face of regional upheaval is wishful thinking .
Everyone needs to start thinking differently about the Middle East .
That fact casts doubt on Karl Popper 's concept of open society , which is based on the recognition that , while perfect knowledge is unattainable , we can gain a better understanding of reality by engaging in critical thinking .
There is much more thinking to be done . Now is the time to do it .
Just as the crisis has reinvigorated thinking about the need for regulation , so it has given new impetus to the exploration of alternative strands of thought that would provide better insights into how our complex economic system functions -- and perhaps also to the search for policies that might avert a recurrence of the recent calamity .
Its only commitment is to `` new economic thinking , '' in the broadest sense .
We are accustomed to thinking of government transferring money from the well off to the poor .
Given the difficulty of coming up with even $ 10 billion a year -- let alone the $ 200 billion a year that is needed for mitigation and adaptation -- it is wishful thinking to expect an agreement along these lines .
Regrettably , it is far from clear that it has changed its thinking and models , which failed to maintain the economy on an even keel before -- and are certain to fail again .
The ECB should have done some thinking before it let this state of affairs arise .
Indeed , more than thinking , it should have done some regulating to prevent Europe 's banks from becoming so vulnerable .
The new thinking should put people first , and banks ' shareholders and bondholders second .
Wolfensohn 's campaign against corruption also represented a major change in thinking , a shift from downsizing the state to improving the State .
It is hard to believe that he will stay on much longer at the World Bank , and it is time to start thinking more closely about the future of that institution .
But , as the Great Moderation metastasized into the Great Recession , fatal flaws in conventional thinking came to light . One of the most notable was just how poorly we grasped the linkages between the financial system and the broader economy -- as well as the linkages between countries .
Rethinking Poverty Reduction NEW YORK -- Last year , the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization announced that the number of hungry people in the world increased over the last decade .
China first opened its economic system to the rest of the world , and only now is it thinking -LRB- a bit too slowly -RRB- about political reform .
Instead of thinking what Ahtisaari deemed unthinkable , a partition of Kosovo with a small part of the north going to Serbia and the rest linked to the Kosovars ethnic brethren in Albania or a separate state , the US plans to act without the UN 's blessing , arguing that only an independent Kosovo will bring stability to the Western Balkans .
This is a classic example of what I call `` block thinking , '' which seems to have made huge strides in Europe in recent years .
Block thinking fuses a varied reality into one indissoluble unity , and in two ways .
Block thinking is an age-old phenomenon , and we all do it to some degree .
And , at the end of the day , one chilling fact would prevent India from thinking that it could use Israel 's playbook : the country that condones , if not foments , the terror attacks on India is a nuclear power .
Indeed , economic development nowadays requires more than thinking only of the poverty line ; one must also think of the high-speed digital line , the fiber-optic line -- indeed , all the lines that exclude those who are not plugged into the possibilities of our world .
All are matters that call for creative and courageous thinking that transcends entrenched positions or reflexive solidarity with `` non-aligned '' countries .
Given the phenomenal rate at which science advances these days , it is not too early to start thinking about how we are going to handle this awesome new responsibility .
The same sort of thinking holds true in military\/strategic affairs .
We have become so accustomed to thinking of free trade as a specialist matter for liberal economists and trade negotiators in dark suits that we forget how a century ago , free trade was a core belief for many democrats , radicals , women activists , and , indeed , organized labor .
At this point Rogozin is the most freethinking and freedom-loving politician in Russia .
Good government also requires sharing a vision of the future -- the purposes and thinking behind public policies -- with the community .
Such thinking reflects an age-old fear : as Plato put it , citizens would get '' information without proper instruction and , in consequence , be thought very knowledgeable when they are for the most part quite ignorant . '' It is a fear that has echoed down through history ever since , from the Catholic Church cursing Gutenberg 's movable type to the Victorian bourgeois complaining of the newly discovered freedom of the press .
For , while the simplified pre-crisis conventional wisdom appeared to provide a complete set of answers resting on a unified intellectual system and methodology , really good economic thinking must provide multiple partial insights , based on varied analytical approaches .
They will be too busy thinking about themselves to worry about him or to cause trouble .
Alas , this view is based more on wishful-thinking than on reality .
To believe that such a vision can work for Russia , Ukraine , and Europe is not wishful thinking , but rests on the successful experience of France and Germany in promoting amity .
Current EU thinking , however , holds that Ukraine should be placed in the same framework as countries in North Africa and the Middle East .
America 's success is to a great extent based on this kind of thinking .
George Soros 's recent book on the credit crisis is a good example of this line of thinking .
True , not all members of the thinking minority attend the dissenters ' marches , yet many more of them silently oppose the regime .
The thinking minority needs a system of laws and institutions , real presidential elections , a working parliament , and justice that is independent , rather than merely following orders from above .
Likewise , loose or quirky thinking that is not now a disorder but indicates an increased risk of developing a psychotic disorder would be classified as a `` psychotic risk disorder . ''
Similarly , screening for loose , eccentric thinking yields mostly individuals who never become psychiatrically disordered .
Different traditions in tactical and strategic thinking also matter -- to say nothing of the unique way Europeans forged their current cooperative arrangements out of aggressive nation-states that shared a common civilization .
His thinking has become more adventurous and he has moved on to tackling the world of cyberspace and multimedia corridors .
But in the European way of thinking , democracy must be spread pacifically , by persuasion , not by force of arms .
Rather , it is about developing a way of thinking about a discipline that reflects a particular perception of how `` knowledge '' is established , its extent and limitations , how it describes nature , and how it can be usefully applied in a variety of contexts .
Developing such a way of thinking is a profoundly different experience from learning a set of facts , and requires very different teaching skills .
The classes also include basic education about our moods , and several exercises from cognitive therapy that show the links between thinking and feeling and how participants can best look after themselves when a crisis threatens to overwhelm them .
It helps break the normal link between negative mood and negative thinking .
But it should also be thinking ahead about how it can demonstrate a stronger commitment to security , democracy , and prosperity in the European `` neighborhood . ''
And , more importantly , when you choose your own miniskirt and halter top -- in a Western culture in which women are not so free to age , to be respected as mothers , workers or spiritual beings , and to disregard Madison Avenue -- it 's worth thinking in a more nuanced way about what female freedom really means .
But this thinking is based on a fallacy .
One theory is that , in the thousands of years that dogs have lived with humans , they have become attuned to human ways of thinking .
But even that may be wishful thinking .
Mainstream thinking , known as the Chinese School , insists , with the government , on `` Marxism with Chinese characteristics '' as the bedrock principle of China 's foreign policy .
China 's policy toward Libya , which differs significantly from previous policy , may or may not have been shaped by it ; nevertheless , we can not rule out the possibility of it becoming the mainstream of thinking in Chinese foreign-policy circles in the near future .
If the EU mission is to compete successfully against Lebanon 's Islamists and populists , it must start thinking seriously about a social agenda that appeals to the poor .
But this thinking is tremendously shortsighted .
Since the effects of climate change have been observed in many areas around the world , thinking about mitigation makes sense everywhere .
Such thinking motivated US President Woodrow Wilson 's desire to establish the League of Nations after World War I , and it also underlay President Franklin Roosevelt 's push to create the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions after World War II .
That view , a residue of Marxist thinking , is wrong .
Fortunately , Chinese thinking on North Korea nowadays is no longer monolithic .
When embedded in new and unfamiliar settings , our habitual ways of thinking , feeling , and acting no longer function to sustain the moral compass that has guided us reliably in the past .
