Many Pakistanis , disillusioned with Pakistan 's political class , remained mute , thinking that he might deliver .
Top-level thinking about the risks that Syria runs were recently made clear in an interview that President Assad gave to a Lebanese newspaper .
Considering the evidence on display in Iraq , Syrian leaders must be wondering whether the Bush administration is capable of thinking in these terms .
Still , it is tempting to think that Syria is witnessing a new beginning , and the end of an era whose sins we all bear .
Assad wants nothing more than to see this affair forgotten -- and the proponents of dialogue think that they can give him what he wants in the hope of breaking Syria 's alliance with Iran .
So the question is this : who will Palestinians , in particular the Hamas constituency , think is better able to secure these goals , Abbas or Barghouti ?
The internet , based on thinking and spending made in the 1940 's , and the silicon chip , developed in the 1970 's , are both products of research funded by the Pentagon .
There should be no doubt as to the answer to this question , except in the minds of politicians who fail to raise it because they refuse to think beyond the coming presidential election .
From left to right , many European intellectuals think that the capitalist game as played by the US is passé .
It seems easier for white middle class Americans to consider the poor less worthy of government support if they think of them as different .
Simply put , when middle-class Europeans begin to think that a good portion of the poor are recent immigrants , their ingrained belief in the virtue of the welfare state will begin to waver .
One view is that Americans are perceived -LRB- and like to see themselves -RRB- as Calvinist workaholics , whereas Europeans like to think that they know how to enjoy life 's pleasures .
There is a more mundane reason why many , even within the Party , think that a democratic transition has become inevitable : the Party is simply losing control of the country .
This means less control and direct oversight of the bureaucracy , and an increased incentive to spend the day thinking up big plans rather than concentrating on targeted improvements .
Paradoxically , this could be good news for those who think that Europe should start contributing to world growth by expanding domestic demand .
In other words , Monti should think hard about redirecting his limited resources to the right battlefield .
I can think of few European officials less suitable for a showdown with Saddam Hussein .
One might think Annan far too compromised for the post of Secretary-General , but the UN does n't work that way .
How did China and France manage to fool the EU into thinking that it should ever take part in this ?
Who people are and how they think of themselves is key to the decisions that they make .
But we can explain it if we ask how people think about themselves -- that is , if we examine changes in gender norms .
At first , people did not think of civil rights as they strove for such previously unknown comforts .
Indeed , given state control of the mainstream media , such activism may be the only way to learn what citizens really think about their rulers .
What 's the ordinary European to think ?
Some think that fiscal policies - from the structure of taxation to welfare , to budget balances - should also be harmonized .
Isolationist politicians may not care about other countries , but they should think twice lest they harm their own .
The implications of pricing oil in any single-currency are more far-reaching than most people think .
The Turks , they think , will fatalistically accept any snub .
Such rapid , coordinated steps by 16 national central banks would have been unthinkable .
The `` PIIGS '' -LRB- Portugal , Italy , Ireland , Greece , and Spain -RRB- greatly benefited from the euro , thanks not only to the removal of currency-related trade barriers , but also because their interest rates suddenly fell to levels unthinkable in pre-euro times .
Instead , Europeans must assume a fairer share of the transatlantic burden , putting in place a truly common European foreign policy , and think and act as a regional power with a global outreach .
If the Euro succeeds as a global currency , which I believe it will , and if Europe 's rapid reaction force becomes a reality soon , as I also think it will , the EU will have secured the preconditions for a more equal partnership -- literally by putting its money -LRB- and soldiers -RRB- where its mouth is .
So Britain , France , and Germany must start thinking of the EU as a whole , carrying the greatest burden and taking the greatest risks .
But it is a mistake to think that China 's manufacturing will remain in the doldrums .
The G-20 in London was responsive to the concerns and special circumstances of the developing world , which resulted in some big thinking .
Today -- sometimes across borders , sometimes within them -- once-unthinkable wealth exists alongside extreme poverty and all its social ills .
At that previous meeting , a panel of the world 's leading economic thinkers was challenged to answer this question : if an extra $ 50 billion were spent improving the state of the world , how could the money be allocated to achieve the most good possible ?
If generals and colonels like Abdullah al-Sonosi , Abdullah Mansour , and al-Tuhami Khaled , as well as Qaddafi and his sons , were placed on international watch lists , or if arrest warrants were issued against them , many of their subordinates would think twice before ordering their soldiers to shoot or bombard .
Now , he seems to think himself free of constraint , but no politician is that lucky .
With new self-confidence , they note that they are thinking and facing the truth unlike their Russian brethren .
Increasingly , people recognize that loose fiscal policy was poor economic policy , with serious implications for macroeconomic thinking , politics , and constitutions .
As opposed to a 100 - or 200-meter sprint , both organizations need to think more in terms of a much longer race , perhaps a marathon .
Rather than moving into the twenty-first century , Russia seems determined to revert to nineteenth-century strategic thinking .
In late January , the Obama administration issued its first unequivocal reaffirmation of the strategy of democratic enlargement that has guided Western thinking since the collapse of the Iron Curtain two decades ago .
So the regime is making a fatal error if it thinks that its old diversionary tactics will continue to provide it with immunity .
The trillions of dollars that have been mobilized to address current woes , together with the trillions of investors ' dollars waiting in the wings , represent an opportunity that was unthinkable only 12 months ago : the chance to steer a more resource-efficient and intelligent course that can address problems ranging from climate change and natural-resource scarcity to water shortages and biodiversity loss .
Indeed , they deluded us for too long into thinking that the war against terrorism was a police matter -- that investigators and indictments were the way to fight fanatical terrorists , not a relentless , painstaking armed struggle .
America 's mounting difficulties in setting up a coherent form of government in Iraq , let alone a democratic one , inspire a question that most statesmen consider unthinkable : is it possible that there is no way to re-constitute Iraq as one state , and that alternative options must be considered , unpalatable as they may appear ?
The time has come to think the unthinkable , about creating a Kurdish state in the north , an Arab Sunni one in the center around Baghdad , and an Arab Shi'ite state in the south around Basra .
Creative and innovative thinking is needed about Iraq ; otherwise today 's mayhem will continue -- and worsen .
But if one thinks in terms of universal norms of human rights , what right has Turkey to dictate internal development in another country ?
The Winograd Commission articulated what most Israelis already think : Olmert and Peretz lacked the military , security , and policy experience to confront a terrorist organization that raided Israeli territory , killed a number of soldiers and kidnapped two , and then launched thousands of rockets on civilian targets for over a month .
Many who agree that Milosevic is a war criminal now think that we should listen to the voices coming from Belgrade and their cry that Milosevic should face trial before his own people .
It needs to rethink how to address financial stability in its day-to-day work with members . Financial sector analysis should become fully integrated into the IMF 's surveillance activities .
Liberty 's Revolutionary Muse Great social thinkers are almost always start out as polarizing figures , admired by some and scorned by others , until their radical challenge to how we understand the world finally prevails .
Milton Friedman was a giant among modern social thinkers for at least two reasons .
But some are falling behind in this thinking , namely well-to-do Asian households -- and some Asian governments .
We can either shrug our shoulders , or we can use the opportunity to revive our old values , rethink how we live , and change that projection .
Many carried the forbidden Tibetan national flag , suggesting that they think of Tibet as a separate country in the past , and in about 20 incidents government offices were burned down .
I think this is right .
I think this is right .
Most Westerners think the answer is liberal democracy , as did many Chinese liberals in the twentieth century .
Stability is at the heart of his thinking .
But the Israelis never believed they would have to give back all the land , while the Arabs did not think they might have to offer `` all the peace . ''
After eight years of American unilateralism that left behind a broken transatlantic alliance , resuscitated the specter of a cold war with Russia , and saw the Middle East decline into a doomsday politics , Obama 's injection of new thinking to endemic problems is extremely welcome .
The great military thinker Carl von Clausewitz 's notion of `` decisive battles '' as the `` center of gravity '' of war is simply irrelevant to conflicts that have no visible `` center of gravity . ''
Even Defense Minister Ehud Barak , usually a coolly rational thinker , chose Yad Mordechai , a Kibbutz named after Mordechai Anilewitz , the leader of the Warsaw Ghetto uprising , to alert world opinion against `` Holocaust deniers , first and foremost the Iranian president , who calls for the destruction of the Jewish people . ''
Black Africa , particularly the East African Community , can not think of any solution other than secession .
- It is essential to understand how your opponent thinks and to keep lines of communication open .
Weak America = Weakened Europe America 's power has been so overwhelming for so long that many think it has survived George W. Bush 's presidency unscathed .
Many in the US like to think that this is a temporary state of affairs that will vanish with the election of a new president and Congress in 2008 .
The thinking is clear -LRB- if rarely spelled out clearly by politicians -RRB- : whereas a loss of market confidence in the British state 's solvency would most likely trigger a depression , above-target inflation can be rectified at a relatively tolerable cost to living standards -LRB- though higher than it should have been -RRB- .
Such acts of discrimination in trade policies find succor in the media and in some of America 's prominent think tanks .
In fact , the financial statements of mega-banks are impenetrable works of fiction or wishful thinking .
Couple this with a form of foreign policy schizophrenia -- some Poles think that by `` simply existing '' we influence Europe 's fate ; others suffer crippling pessimism , consigning Poland to permanent `` second-class '' status -- and you have a recipe for inertia .
Most Poles think that Poland 's situation is akin to Denmark 's .
Rents disappear , and think of the effects of airline deregulation on pilots ' salaries .
In the absence of strong policies , it is too easy to think of scary scenarios in which depressed output and troubles in the financial system feed on each other , leading to further large drops in output .
We do not think that this points to a double-dip recession .
Each is its own industrial revolution , and will profoundly alter our lives and ways of thinking .
We think so .
Saving Europe 's Lost Generation of Workers MILAN -- More and more European young people are beginning to think just like Paul Nizan 's character Antoine Bloyé , who said , `` When I was twenty , I would not call that the best time in my life . '' The global financial crisis has hit them hard .
The Bush administration seems to think that today 's military threats are graver .
But they are wrong to think that nothing has changed in the first year of his presidency .
The text introduced by the European Liberal Democrats , with the support of virtually all political groups in the European Parliament , is revolutionary , not only because it goes against conventional thinking , but also because it raises the issue above the stagnant reality of the `` war on drugs . ''
Because of the serious threat that the illegal drug economy poses to stability and democracy in Afghanistan , we must start thinking in terms of regulated poppy growing for medical purposes , in particular for painkillers , with the active participation of donor countries and the UN itself .
I know that this is not exactly a new lesson , but it is what I have in mind when I think of efficient multilateralism . Not only does it work , but , above all , in some cases , it is the only way of moving forward .
Many economists believe that it was one major episode , and that is probably the appropriate way to think about it in a broader historical context .
This simple analysis should raise a red flag about how we think about the trade-offs between dynamism and security , or growth and redistribution .
Pretending that banks that passed modest stress tests can be kept open indefinitely with little collateral damage is wishful -- and dangerous -- thinking .
Is it naive to believe that the world amounts to more than zero-sum thinking ?
But it will not necessarily take a drought , a coup , a war , or a genocide to make them think twice .
The absence of a stable framework will force investors to re-think asset-allocation decisions and risk pricing .
NEW YORK -- After watching the collapse of Lebanon 's government last week , it is hard not to think about efforts to build a stable Iraq .
Whatever critics at home and abroad may think , the `` surge '' that President Bush is planning for Iraq is more than a troop increase ; it is a new and high-risk regional strategy .
I think we can now say that for C. elegans .
So , when technology permits -LRB- and I think it can and will -RRB- , why do n't we work directly on humans ?
After all , the three largest EU states -- Germany , Britain , and France -- can be expected to seek agreements among themselves about the Union 's future shape , so the Benelux countries ' common goal should be to influence their actions and ensure that their thinking is acceptable to the whole community .
But the language used by the Obama administration to describe the violence and state corruption that snakes from the Andes to the US border is starting to capture new thinking on narcotics .
No one yet thinks that Chad is that country .
From experience , most Israelis have developed a worldview that combines traditional left-wing and right-wing thinking .
This same short-term thinking characterizes the world 's dependence on fossil fuels .
Indeed , Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has many projects for which he thinks the Vatican can be of help , particularly in advancing the cause of reconciliation and creating a `` partnership between civilizations . ''
The Torturers of Tashkent NEW YORK -- President Islam Karimov 's regime in Uzbekistan has survived for 19 years , in no small part because it has resorted time and again to police brutality and torture to extract confessions from people who have committed no crime , and to break the spirits of political opponents and intimidate anyone who might think of becoming one .
One possible line of criticism of this kind of thinking is simply to claim the superiority of Western values .
If anything , West Europeans after World War II drew conclusions that were closer to Chamberlain 's thinking in 1938 than Churchill 's .
And yet , there is something odd about the European mania for a black American politician , even as we all know that a black president or prime minister -LRB- let alone one whose middle name is Hussein -RRB- is still unthinkable in Europe .
Obama 's election has demonstrated that things are still achievable in the US that remain unthinkable elsewhere .
Writing for such journals as The Weekly Standard , and using the pulpits of think tanks , such as the American Enterprise Institute , neo-cons offered an intellectual boost to the invasion of Iraq .
Intellectuals , usually powerless themselves outside the rarified preserves of think tanks and universities , are sometimes too easily attracted to powerful leaders , in the hope that such leaders might actually carry out their ideas .
Even as Barack Obama is worshipped in Western Europe , many Poles , Czechs , and Hungarians think he is some kind of socialist .
But the very ideas that helped them to survive continue to muddle the thinking of people who really ought to know better by now .
Whatever one thinks of laws against spreading hatred or insulting people , the law remains a blunt instrument when it came to matters of speech .
This kind of thinking helped the Nazis destroy German democracy in the 1930 's .
We are no longer told what to do or think by priests or our social superiors .
Of course , soccer wars are rare -LRB- indeed , I ca n't think of another example -RRB- , but the notion that international sporting competitions inevitably inspire warm fraternity -- an idea advanced by Baron de Coubertin , founder of the modern Olympic games -- is a romantic fiction .
Of course , most right-thinking people are a bit like de Coubertin .
For the first time in almost 200 years , China can really throw its weight around , and it will do what it wants , regardless of what other countries may think .
And the female victims often put up with it by thinking that this is true .
Few people have understood this better than the Polish democratic activist and thinker Adam Michnik , one of the heroes who in the 1980 's helped to end the Communist dictatorship in his country .
Reason enough , one might think , for Socialist Prime Minister José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero to use the law to exorcize the demons of dictatorship for the sake of democracy 's good health .
It is right for a democracy to repudiate a dictatorship , and the new Spanish law is cautiously drafted , but it is better to leave people free to express even unsavory political sympathies , for legal bans do n't foster free thinking , they impede them .
He thinks that Europe is in peril of being `` Islamized . '' `` There will soon be more mosques than churches , '' he says , if true Europeans do n't have the guts to stand up and save Western civilization .
We must fight Islamic extremism , but not by tapping into the darkest gut feelings of the unthinking mob .
What I said , instead , was this : I might , as a practicing Roman Catholic who adheres to his Church 's teachings , think that homosexuality is a sin .
Indeed , China offered South Korea a veiled warning that it `` should not sweat the small stuff , '' implying that the unprovoked killing of 46 South Korean sailors is a petty matter , and certainly not one that will cause China to rethink its alliance with North Korea .
But it is time for Asia 's powers to start thinking creatively and acting cooperatively to prevent a violent implosion .
What is needed is a radical change in how we think about medicine and health care , not simply better ways to reorganize existing systems .
NEW YORK -- The conventional wisdom that sub-Saharan Africa has moved beyond military coups may be wishful thinking .
We no longer have a guide , an idea of how to think about our country , how to understand it and how to imagine who we are and who we can become .
The best that can be done is to seek to control polio , and to hope that politics , economics , and ethics allow us to get that far . Those involved in efforts aimed at complete eradication should rethink their goal , lest faith in the unattainable leads to disaster .
To those who think that this is the case , Chavez is not an innovator but someone who is merely squandering Venezuela 's oil wealth in the same way that governments did following the oil shocks of the 1970 's .
One might think that addressing child marriage would be high on both national and global agendas , given the powerful evidence of the damage that it causes to individuals and societies .
These anti-Europe Catholics reject European integration because they think Europe 's secular , materialist , and hedonist values threaten Poland 's Catholic identity .
A modern , religious Poland could force secular Europeans to rethink their assumptions and realize that it is not so much Poland that is out of sync with Europe , but secular Europe that is out of sync with the rest of the world .
Indeed , it is thanks to a few thinkers and activists that states have gradually moved away from age-old tenets .
True , genocide has become a magic word , and people think that its mere evocation triggers the strong outrage of the world community and perforce sets in motion UN intervention .
The result is that Berlusconi 's supposed allies such as former Minister Gianfranco Micciche and current Governor of Sicily Raffaele Lombardo , are seriously thinking of setting up a `` Party of the South '' to ensure that Italy 's southern regions have enough clout to withstand the Lega Nord 's onslaught .
The European Union thinks differently ; in its economic cooperation and free trade agreement with Mexico , for example , it insisted on -- and achieved -- the inclusion of a `` democracy clause '' that made its economic benefits conditional on ongoing respect for democratic rule and human rights .
The European Union thinks differently ; in its economic cooperation and free trade agreement with Mexico , for example , it insisted on -- and achieved -- the inclusion of a `` democracy clause '' that made its economic benefits conditional on ongoing respect for democratic rule and human rights .
Because of this enduring status quo , Mexico 's people do not blame Calderón for today 's harsh economic downturn ; it is business as usual , they think .
None of this is especially earth-shattering or original , except insofar as it seems to suggest the persistence of a Cold War mentality in US foreign-policy thinking about Latin America .
His point of view was quite different from that of artists and thinkers in the liberal tradition , like Octavio Paz and Isaiah Berlin .
Only a naive belief in the left 's intrinsic honesty could lead anyone to think that a totally dysfunctional institutional framework -- in Brazil , in Argentina , in Mexico -- and a history of what Octavio Paz called a patrimonial culture of the state would not generate the same consequences on the left that it did on the right and center .
When I ask them what they would think if their child was a little girl who liked to play baseball , enjoyed playing with boys and refused to play with dolls , they answer , `` Oh , that would be fine .
After all , the `` jumping '' of viruses from wild animals to humans is more common than we like to think .
Many doctors would like to think of pain as a simple sensation that usefully calls disease or injury to our attention .
As we might expect , sensation-generating areas are active , but so are structures in emotion-generating areas of the brain and structures related to attention and thinking .
Examples like this abound in Latin America , but it is a mistake for Castro to think that Latin America is the competition .
Cubans do n't think it is .
But , whereas the Europe 's bloody wars in the first half of the twentieth century have made war there unthinkable today , the wars in Asia in the second half of the twentieth century , far from settling or ending disputes , only accentuated bitter rivalries .
The Cold War legacy , however , continues to weigh down thinking in Hanoi and Washington to some extent .
Before Afghanistan becomes a Vietnam-style quagmire , Obama must rethink his plan for another troop surge .
The new `` global strategic partnership '' with the United States -- a defining feature of this decade -- was made possible by the post-1989 shifts in Indian policy thinking .
In Europe , the bloody wars of the past century have made armed conflict unthinkable today .
But recent polls show that Taiwanese attitudes towards China have changed markedly , and that more and more people are less concerned about what China thinks .
All of this suggests a tectonic shift in Japan 's military thinking .
But saying that publicly wo n't work anymore , not because Romanians do not think this way -LRB- many certainly do -RRB- , but because the political class from left to right wants to be part of Europe and wo n't associate with anyone who puts that desire at risk .
The Poverty of Stimulus PASADENA , CALIFORNIA -- Most economists think that macroeconomic disruptions , such as the current recession , can be understood in terms of aggregate indicators such as total employment , the price level , and the money supply .
In fact , the great nineteenth-century British political thinker John Stuart Mill advocated liberal government without multi-party rule .
In this area , more than in most , wishful thinking is a deadly mistake .
Mr. Blair 's posture is all the more remarkable at a time when political leaders depend on opinion polls and the views expressed by so-called `` focus groups '' to tell them what to think .
There are those who think that this is precisely what might happen to Mr. Blair over Iraq .
People no longer think of parliaments as representing them and thus vested with the legitimacy needed to take decisions on their behalf .
So rethinking democracy and its institutions must be a top priority for all to whom the constitution of liberty is dear .
Chancellor Gerhard Schröder of Germany liked the idea so much that he is now thinking of setting up his own Convention to review Germany 's constitutional arrangements .
Sometimes I think of myself as an expert in comparative occupation studies .
London comes to mind when thinking of an example of relative success in the face of extraordinary diversity .
In Europe and the West , there is the string of terrorist acts - from those on the US in 2001 to the pre-election bombings in Madrid - to think about .
One would like to think not .
It may be that rethinking strategy in the light of new facts will open a way forward .
What is legal , they think , is also legitimate .
Ralf Dahrendorf thinks that both sides of the Atlantic need to look beyond the trivial and rediscover the common interests and values of the West .
Europeans do not want to fight , not even for their basic values , and Americans think they are fighting only as patriots of their great country .
One can think of a number of reasons for the evisceration of parliaments .
It requires a sense of the medium term and a commitment to rational debate of issues , for one tradition that can be revived -- that of enlightened thinking -- is the most important of all .
Perhaps it is right that the use of religious symbols has become the subject of public debate , though I think that wearing headscarves and even veils is as much a part of individual freedom as is the wearing of Jewish skullcaps and Christian crosses .
Being alive , we tend to think that life is easy to grasp .
For example , in a summary of the 2004 study , they wrote , `` Making conservative assumptions we think that about 100,000 excess deaths , or more , have happened since the 2003 invasion of Iraq . ''
But demographers rarely use CDR 's , thinking instead in terms of age - and sex-specific mortality rates , usually summarized as `` life expectancy . ''
When the downside risks associated with such limits and thresholds are brought into estimates of sustainable development , the growth in wealth among the world 's wealthy nations will probably turn out to have been less than we now think .
Europeans are now irrevocably committed to peaceful solutions for their own international problems , and they increasingly think that peaceful solutions , or at least partly peaceful solutions , will be useful for other peoples ' conflicts .
Because this enlargement round is likely to be the last for a long time , if not forever , it is urgent for member states to think seriously about re-writing the EU treaties to deal with the new reality , in terms which will be workable for the long term .
In particular , member states will need to think much more radically about developing a strong EU foreign and security policy , for two reasons .
In theory , the advantage of this `` big bang '' enlargement is that it may concentrate minds on the need for a radical re-think of the decision-making processes in a bigger EU .
Across the EU , 48 % think EU membership is a good thing ; in Britain , this figure falls to 29 % .
One might think that Britons ' aversion to the EU would be reflected in support for , and pride in , their national institutions . Not so .
France will hold a referendum on the Constitution for the end of this month , and a French `` No , '' the British seem to think , might make their problem go away .
Coming from anyone else , Blair 's proposal to re-think the CAP might seem reasonable ; indeed , over the years , the EU has tried -LRB- slowly -RRB- to reform its defects .
The media seem to think so , though with relations between government and industry still only a notch below open warfare , it is difficult to be sure .
I do not think so , and to argue as much devalues the efforts of many overworked and underpaid public servants around the world .
Certainly that is what Congressmen in the US , and Members of Parliament in the UK think .
That was , I think , part of the reason for many commentators ' doubts about Bernanke 's continued suitability .
They may think that , in the long run , parities will reflect developments in relative unit labor costs .
In a real struggle over things that actually matter , we must assume that we are up against thinking opponents , who may understand some things about us that we do n't know about ourselves .
Governments think we can stop this process by throwing money at it , but there are many reasons to believe that this wo n't work .
These jokes all seem to rely on the same assumption : everyone thinks that knowledge , especially scientific knowledge , should be useful .
Reaction-time tests involve little thinking , and merely ask people to respond as fast as they can to simple stimuli .
But we need to think of better measures of the body 's integrity to test this idea more fully .
We hope the US will change its `` war on terror '' paradigm and re-think its conception of a global armed conflict against Al Qaeda .
As Padraic White , a pioneer in this field who headed the Irish Industrial Development Agency -LRB- IDA-Ireland -RRB- from 1980 to 1990 argues , FDI promotion requires imagination and the ability to think innovatively .
· even before a takeover occurs , managers were supposed to be disciplined by fears of a revolt by their boards of directors , especially when the directors think that the company might be become a target of a hostile takeover ;
But I think that much of economics has been discredited by the manifest failure of many economists to be as smart as McCulloch 's parrots were .
But businesses establish lines of credit for future contingencies all the time , and they do n't think there is anything humiliating about resorting to them when those contingencies come to pass .
But the political reaction to the Great Recession has changed the way we should think about this issue .
Where they did , they and their representatives had no good way to think about how they could benefit from stimulative government policies to moderate economic downturns , and no way to reach the levers of power in any event .
The first claim is , I think , incontrovertible .
The second claim is also , I think , true .
This is , I think , the best metric to use to quantify the decidedly sub-par pace of today 's jobless recovery in the US .
I think that Summers ' judgments are fair and correct .
So , rather than talking about the US debt ceiling , let us think instead about all of the things that the debt-ceiling impasse has prevented the US government from doing during the past six months -- all of the useful policies that might have been debated and enacted , but were not .
It is difficult to think of a more self-defeating way to implement a bond-purchase program .
So you would think that the same productivity revolution would happen in those countries .
I used to think that the US current account deficit would stop when the rest of the world `` balanced up '' -- when Japan recovered from its decade-long stagnation , and when Western Europe restructured its economy , boosting aggregate demand and reducing its unemployment rate to some reasonable level .
Investors funding the capital inflow and the country receiving the money always think up reasons why this time the inflow is sustainable , because it reflects some supposed permanent transformation of fundamentals .
What Rubin sees as most important in developing policy is the habit of `` probabilistic thinking . ''
But in reading In an Uncertain World , you soon see that `` probabilistic thinking '' was not Rubin 's only weapon .
I think that the principal reason for Rubin 's -LRB- and Clinton 's -RRB- extraordinary economic policy success -- all the more so in view of the weak cards the administration was dealt -- was the ability to hew to the true object of government : to always keep the big picture in mind .
Another source is investors who feared losing their money after the various emerging market meltdowns of the 1990 's , techno-enthusiasts chasing the pot of gold that the American technology boom seemed to offer , and the third-world rich , who think a Deutsche Bank account is good to have in case they need to flee their countries in a Lear jet or a rubber boat .
From the pro-consulate of Julius Caesar until 1945 , there was most likely at least one army crossing or about to cross or thinking of crossing the Rhine in arms .
Vancouver is a lovely city , and I would love to have the voters of British Columbia inside the US , because I think they would add much health to the American electorate .
But nobody thinks that idea worth fighting a war over .
In America , the `` new economy '' has proven to be real , and there is every reason to think that growth in the next decade will be faster than it was in the past .
So let me place my bet - which I think is only 60 % likely - and say that my best guess is that world real interest rates will be high over the next generation , and that current bond prices -LRB- and real estate prices -RRB- are not sustainable .
· The failure of Western European governments to even begin to think about how to address the coming fiscal crisis of the social-insurance state as a result of their aging populations ;
The second is ideology . For some reason Bush and his people think it is important to undermine the successes of the New Deal institutions established under Franklin Roosevelt .
The Bush administration has yet to realize this , but other governments are not thinking hard enough , either .
The bubble is filled by people with money who are buying extra houses because they think home prices will continue to rise , and by people without money who are buying $ 400,000 houses in less-fashionable neighborhoods with zero percent down and floating interest rates .
· Maximizing economic -- and also social and cultural -- contact between rich and poor nations is the best way we can think of to aid the flow of knowledge about technology and organization , which is the last best hope for rapid world development .
It is not that Republicans and conservatives think that the Bush administration has adopted the wrong method , but that they do n't see any method at all that has driven them into their -LRB- late -RRB- fiscal-policy revolt .
I do not know whether Keynes or Friedman was more right in their deep orientation . But I do think that the tension between their two views has been a very valuable driving force for human progress over the past hundred years .
One would think that a country like the US , with a current account deficit of roughly $ 800 billion a year , would realize that such a yawning external gap is inevitably financed only by selling off assets , which means that foreigners with money acquire ownership and control of US-based businesses .
One might think that foreign investors would quake in terror at these terms and shy away from dollar-denominated assets .
Some observers think that the US political backlash against foreigners `` buying up America '' is what will bring the current configuration of global imbalances to an end .
On the contrary , I think our luck -- measured by the magnitude of the private sector and other shocks that have hit the global economy -- has , in fact , been relatively bad .
I think that the Fed is wrong : the fallout from the current liquidity panic means that a year from now we are likely to wish that the Fed had given a boost to spending this month .
That may still prove to be wishful thinking .
When I think of Jimmy Carter 's energy policy , Arthur Scargill at the head of the British mineworkers ' union , and Mao 's Cultural Revolution , I have a hard time disagreeing with Friedman about the world in the mid-1970 's .
The failure to contain the crisis will ultimately be traced , I think , to excessive concern with the first two subsidiary objectives : reining in Wall Street princes and keeping economic decision-making private .
The administration 's tacticians appear to think that they are not on board -- especially after the recent AIG bonus scandal -- whereas the Geithner Plan relies on authority that the administration already has .
It is a fact that we are much happier saving and accumulating , and that we are much more likely to do so when we think that the resources we have saved and accumulated are at hand .
Some days I think that , in the future , central bankers must also recognize that it is imprudent to lower interest rates in pursuit of full employment when doing so risks causing an asset price bubble .
Other days , however , I think that , even with the extra information we have learned about the structure of the economy , Greenspan 's decisions in 2001-2004 were prudent and committed us to a favorable and acceptable bet .
But today is one of those days when I do n't think that Greenspan 's failure to raise interest rates above the natural rate to generate high unemployment and avert the growth of a mortgage-finance bubble was a mistake .
The reason , I think , that American presidents are so willing to reappoint Fed chairmen from the opposite party is closely linked to one of the two things that a president seeks : the confidence of financial markets that the Fed will pursue non-inflationary policies .
It is here , I think that President Barack Obama has lucked out .
Ben Bernanke is , I think , a very good choice for Fed chair because he is so intelligent , honest , pragmatic , and clear-sighted in his vision of the economy .
But I do think that modern macroeconomists need to be rounded up , on pain of loss of tenure , and sent to a year-long boot camp with the assembled monetary historians of the world as their drill sergeants .
The problem , though , is that all the theoretical reasons to think that depressions as deep as the Great Depression simply do not happen to market economies applied just as well to the 1930 's as they do to today .
But I think that Barro misreads how his own evidence applies to our current situation .
Only if you think that there are additional large costs lurking down the road -- that the stimulus has destabilized price expectations and set in motion a destructive spiral of deflation , or that the stimulus has used up America 's debt capacity , driving up debt-service costs to a prohibitive level -- can the social profit turn negative .
The problem , I think , is that Barro tries to use the years of `` total '' war in the twentieth century -- World War I , World War II , and the Korean War -- to `` realistically evaluate the stimulus , '' because `` the defense-spending multiplier can be precisely estimated ... ''
That means , of course , that the EU should seek to widen its transatlantic thinking so that the EU and the United States cooperate more closely on defining -- and thus protecting -- their common interests in a world where together they account for little more than 10 % of the total population .
We should think of North Korea 's economic transition process as a prerequisite for full denuclearization , rather than simply holding out the promise of a big assistance package as a quid pro quo .
The Unites States must think long-term and gently support the process , instead of toying with the misconceived notion of Turkey as part of a new `` greater Middle East . ''
The rejection of the European Union 's Constitution by French and Dutch voters forces us to think well beyond that treaty .
In modern biotechnology , Boyle thinks , things previously outside the market-once thought to be impossible to commodify-are becoming routinely privatized .
This is not just a problem for people who think -- wrongly , in legal terms -- that they own their bodies , as most people do .
Indeed , due to the wealth of terrorist groups engaged in drug dealing , Erhard Busek , the Coordinator of the EU 's Stability Pact for the former Yugoslavia , thinks that the chance of peace in Macedonia will be a mere 50 % once this winter 's snows thaw .
Every time we in Nepal think things ca n't get worse , they do .
Sometimes , they change headlines that they think are critical of the royal move .
Many think that the Serbs remain what they have so long been : paranoid , self-pitying nationalists in denial about their guilt .
Though many Western journalists think differently , Milosevic is no hero to Serbs .
His boundless energy and quick thinking delivered success from behind the scenes .
After all , who could possibly think that the US now looks great ?
Indeed , no one thinks that the US economy is deeply unstable : there are no banking problems , there is no real estate problem , there is no mass unemployment , there is no inflation holding the Fed back from cutting interest rates .
People are not as stupid or lazy as politicians and bureaucrats think .
Faced with the horror of what the Nazis had done , most people found it psychologically easier to think of what had happened as the behavior of mentally unhinged individuals , or the result of some sort of collective fugue .
A similar resistance to noisome conclusions -- and similarly understandable from a psychological viewpoint -- informs today 's thinking about terrorists .
For many years , Mexico avoided service on the Security Council , thinking that a seat there would entail many costs and few benefits .
Some immigrants believe it 's shaped like a star to guide them across the Rio Grande to work in the promised land , others think it resembles a devil , offering the tantalizing prospect of legal jobs in the US , only to discover that this is a mirage .
They think that the piñata is a distraction from the goal of earned legalization .
Or think about a return to the one-party past in Mexico .
It needs to rethink the fundamentals of an economy and political system in which entrenched interests have become `` veto centers '' for reform .
Russia has tried for years to get away from Cold War thinking and to persuade our partners to drop their stereotypes .
As for NATO , we in Russia think it should adapt and transform itself to suit the new environment .
But , while much more needs to be done to meet the immediate needs of this famine 's victims , we should also be thinking now about long-term solutions to preclude food crises on this scale from happening in the first place .
Countless other international initiatives are also underway that reflect a wider revolution in thinking about nuclear weapons -- a revolution that is welcome and long overdue .
It is hard to imagine that anyone thinks of goodness as a problem , but Charles Darwin did .
Indeed , even something like a self-fulfilling debt crisis is thinkable : if market participants believe that a default or an exit from EMU is imminent , this would drive up government bond yields for the country in question .
By supporting to such a degree two new EU members that are not part of EMU , the EU countries have demonstrated a much greater commitment to mutual aid than was thinkable only a few years ago .
But there are lessons to be learned and advantages to be gained from China if Latin American governments and businesses are willing to think creatively .
Most people think of a free press as a way to keep track of what governments are doing -- and so it is .
This is the kind of thinking that was driving us at a recent health care working group gathered as part of the recent Civil Society Summit organized in Moscow by the Eurasia Foundation , the New Eurasia Foundation and the CSIS . -LRB- I was there as a Eurasia Foundation board member . -RRB-
I brought up my past because I think that fact-checking is the single best training not just for journalism , but for life in general .
It teaches you to think skeptically .
So I welcomed the chance to clarify my thinking .
However , I do think there is a danger that someday it could .
The real threat of evil , I think , lies in the temptations of `` international governance '' -- say , a sinister multilateral government body called the World Information Center .
I was its founding chairman , and I do n't think anyone considers it a success .
Rather than slavishly copy the United States , I think most countries should have a chief information officer -- someone who thinks about information as an agent of change , not just as an agent of efficiency .
Judging by governments ' reactions to the crisis , one could be forgiven for thinking that market regulators and competition authorities should take the lead when an economy is stable , and that industrial policies should be implemented in times of emergency .
If we are to encourage democratic trends in political Islam , we must learn to think of Islamists as political opponents rather than as violent adversaries who may have medical and engineering degrees .
Unfortunately , everything suggests that this was an illusion based on wishful thinking .
For a while , everybody played politely along ; but the tricky double-think involved in this was exposed when the younger brother , Ed , won the leadership , by a razor-thin margin , in a last-minute upset .
Small countries -- think of Mauritius -- are often the ones affected most dramatically by global warming .
When Europe 's leaders do help , it makes the public and markets think that they are being dishonest .
In these countries , there is therefore no reason to think that fiscal consolidation would have a strong positive effect on confidence .
Foreign central banks are suffering capital losses on their unthinking investments .
It has contributed significantly to international thinking on the design of new lending facilities .
BERKELEY -- Three years into the financial crisis , one might think that the world could put Great Depression analogies behind it .
In thinking about these prospects , it is important to understand the nature of the British disease . It was not simply that America and Germany grew faster than Britain after 1870 .
It may stretch credulity to think that a high-growth economy like China might soon be facing similar problems .
It needs to provide its university students with more flexible skills , more general training , and more encouragement to think critically and creatively .
In March , national leaders assembled in Nanjing , China , to speechify on exchange and interest rates . And , in early April , leading thinkers and former policymakers met in Bretton Woods , New Hampshire , the birthplace in 1944 of the International Monetary Fund and our dollar-centered international monetary system .
One might think that the SDR , as a basket of four currencies , might be attractive to central banks and governments seeking to hedge their bets .
Anyone who doubts this need only think back to 1992 , when the European Monetary System fell apart .
But making this vision a reality requires further bold thinking .
In the United States , those who argue for another stimulus package observe that it was always wishful thinking to believe that a $ 787 billion package could offset a $ 3 trillion fall in private spending .
This sort of thinking is the surest way to block enlargement .
And it must do so while better protecting the long-term unemployed , many of whom bear little responsibility for their current , once unthinkable , and unfortunately long-lasting predicament .
And the question then becomes whether the crew of the struggling rescue vessel will decide that they can stabilize the situation only through a once-unthinkable action -- throwing someone overboard to lighten the vessel and save the rest .
You can add this to the list of previously unthinkable things that we have witnessed lately .
But the EU 's old members have brought on an enormous sense of disappointment by ignoring its new members ' security concerns in favor of preserving their own ties with Russia , particularly in cutting energy deals that they think will assure them of supplies .
Governments and think-tanks in the region are already pointing the way ahead .
The process that produced our species in Africa granted it a number of advantages - syntactical language , advanced cognition , symbolic thinking - that favored its spread throughout the world and determined its eventual evolutionary success .
-LRB- Europeans need not be envious : growth is quicker when it begins low ; think again about puppies . -RRB-
That 's not a recipe for sophisticated thinking .
Those gains culminated in the interventions , unthinkable a decade ago , that the United Nations Security Council authorized this year to stop unfolding human-rights catastrophes in Côte d'Ivoire and Libya .
Iranians think such an attack unlikely if they do not cross the red line of actual weaponization .
Moreover , they have called for a complete rethinking of deterrence strategy , in order to minimize , and ultimately eliminate , reliance on the most indiscriminately destructive weapons ever invented .
Last week in London , the `` gang of four '' convened a private meeting with leading think-tank researchers and a worldwide cast of some 30 former foreign and defense ministers , generals , and ambassadors who share their concern and commitment .
None of this makes Julian Assange a Daniel Ellsberg -LRB- who 40 years ago leaked the Pentagon Papers , exposing US-government thinking on Vietnam -RRB- .
Whatever one thinks of those measures , taking counter-cyclical policy action is almost always better than doing nothing when an economy is overheating .
A first-use of nuclear weapons by the US should be unthinkable , and responding to a non-nuclear attack with nuclear weapons violates a central tenet of just war and US military tradition .
If either country adhered to the thinking embodied in the Bush administration 's new nuclear policy , there would be little reason for each not to seek to integrate nuclear weapons even more deeply into their own contingency plans -- and possibly use them .
Although it is tempting to think of this as a purely domestic problem affecting the United States , nothing could be further from the truth .
CAMBRIDGE -- Thirty years ago Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher brought about a revolution in thinking and policy in both economics and foreign affairs .
They were revolutionaries in their thinking and in their ability to inspire others to accept fundamental change .
It is unthinkable that the global economic system will continue indefinitely to allow the US to import more goods and services than it exports .
There is one further important consideration in thinking about the future value of the dollar : relative inflation rates in the US and abroad . The US trade deficit depends on the real value of the dollar -- that is , the value of the dollar adjusted for differences in price levels in the US and abroad .
It is time for Greece , other eurozone members , and the European Commission to start thinking seriously about that option .
I may be too optimistic , but I think there is good reason to believe that the current budget stalemate reflects election posturing , and that the US political system will prove more effective at making progress on fiscal consolidation once the election is past .
All of this assumes that political leaders would select only a policy change that they think will be in their nation 's long-term interest .
Although the recently enacted two-year stimulus package includes a total of $ 800 billion of tax reductions and increased government spending , it would be wrong to think that this will add anything close to $ 400 billion a year to GDP in each of the next two years .
But eight in ten Americans think that terrorist attacks are unlikely , and many voters believe that involvement in Afghanistan and Iraq will increase rather than limit America 's vulnerability to terrorism .
But worse still , in troubled times conventional Euro-politicians instinctively reach for consensus , cohabitation , and coziness . So now the mainstream is re-thinking its policies , aping or assimilating the extremists , hoping to emasculate them by embracing them in government , or luring their votes by imitating their agenda .
In late March , Moldova was also promised ¤ 1.9 billion by the European Union , the United States , the IMF , the World Bank , and other donors to support a strategy of reforms under the banner `` Rethink Moldova . ''
Obviously , Olmert is thinking of fusing an agreement on the final status with the Road Map mechanism .
But this would require a Western policy based on long-term thinking and a self-confident and strong power position , because the Kremlin will perceive any sign of division and weakness as encouragement to return to Great Russian power politics .
But why not think about transforming NATO into a real European security system , including Russia ?
They are thinking first and foremost of themselves , not of Europe , which is thus effectively without leadership .
This kind of legitimate and yet petty-minded thinking has serious international consequences .
On the contrary , she has unflinchingly steered the CDU towards the left , because she learned three things from the CDU 's election defeat in 2002 and its narrow victory in 2005 : Germans do n't want to go to war , do n't think much of economic reform , and are mostly to the left of the CDU\/CSU .
The generation ruling in Berlin today increasingly thinks in national rather than European terms .
Russia 's elites still largely think in the power categories of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries .
Only courageous thinking and action will enable them to steer clear of the rocks .
Why even think of Bismarck if you want European amity ?
It is best not to think about what this trend towards a weak EU will mean for Europe 's future in an international environment challenged by new players and dimensions .
They do n't yet think that the world as they know it is coming to an end .
So it is time to think geopolitically , not just fiscally , about the Mediterranean .
I do n't know what Germany 's foreign minister , Guido Westerwelle , could have been thinking .
It is almost tempting to think that America 's great Cold War opponent , the Soviet Union , with its sudden disappearance 15 years ago this month , left its own Trojan horse for America -- the poisoned gift of unilateralism .
One might almost think that Saddam was still alive and in power , so his overthrow had to be prepared all over again .
Again , I think that the EU is leading the way in developing countries with development policies that promote broad-based rural economic growth by boosting primary production and increasing its efficiency .
The fact that many Western economies got out of recession last year should not fool us into thinking that the crisis was only a brief interlude , and that the post-crisis world can return to the pre-crisis status quo .
His contributions have been , and remain , so important as that they have altered traditional ways of thinking .
After all , a woman may use deadly force to avoid being raped , even though the life of the aggressor , one would think , is worth more than the sexual integrity of the potential victim .
The temptation is to think that postwar Germans , sickened by the nationalism of the Nazi period , eliminated the duty of national allegiance .
If they think that blacks make better athletes or that women make better caretakers , they deny that this is bias .
Yet many Americans think that much of Europe 's critique of Israeli policies expresses a zeal that can not be explained simply by Europeans ' renunciation of their own colonial past and thus their sensitivity to an Israeli occupation that looks like annexation .
Yet the fear of Jewish prowess continued to shape the thinking of the West , both consciously and unconsciously .
This is apparently the natural way for Christians to think of Jews -- reenacting in every generation the crime described by Matthew .
A better approach is to identify the issues that arise in thinking about terrorism and clarify why people experience terror from certain acts of violence .
Some think so , but Al Qaeda blew up the USS Cole and most people regarded the killing of the sailors onboard a terrorist attack .
Islamic states within the UN favor this position , and I think they are right .
Islamic states think that it does , which puts them at odds with Western opinion .
Whatever one thinks of the settlers , they , in their daily routine , are not engaged in a pattern of threatening to kill or assault anyone .
One way to think about guilt versus shame is to begin with the response that fits our sentiment of responsibility .
Standard international-relations thinking does not even entertain the question , and those conventional ways of seeing the world have blinded us to looking at this crucial question .
Countries sitting on their own nuclear arsenals seem to think that they can give Iran orders ; it 's a case of `` do as I say , not as I do . ''
Moreover , the outcome for investors is the same even if managers are honest and merely think that they can beat the market .
Oz may not be a crook ; he may merely think that the probability of the S&P plummeting is much less than 10 % .
I 've been thinking about that question ever since .
? Two panels of technical experts are the ones to judge trends in copper prices and output , respectively , insulated from the political processes that can otherwise succumb to wishful thinking .
So you might think that US industries exposed to severe international price competition would deem the dollar 's strength undesirable .
Believing that they have found a way to model precisely how currency traders should think about the future , they see no need for intervention because , save for temporary deviations , markets always get currency values right .
Moreover , relating the riskiness of holding an open position in a currency market to the exchange rate 's divergence from parity levels suggests a novel way to think about how central banks can influence the market to limit departures from parity .
But anyone who thinks that my ideas constitute the intellectual foundation for the Bush administration 's policies has not been paying attention to what I have been saying since 1992 about democracy and development .
Israel made a similar mistake in thinking that it could use its enormous margin of conventional military power to destroy Hezbollah in last summer 's Lebanon War .
Why should the rest of the world think that conflict with a larger and more resolute enemy would be handled any more capably ?
They often think this phrase highlights the central role of universities in society .
By contrast , the humanities and the natural sciences share a sense of reality that transcends time and place ; hence their common interest in a fixed `` human nature . '' This is tied to a way of thinking and a sense of knowing that is largely contemplative and sometimes even disempowering , as reality comes to seem to be whatever resists our concerted efforts at change .
Although we now think of academic disciplines , including the humanities , as being `` research-led , '' this understates the university 's historic role in converting the primate Homo sapiens into a creature whose interests , aspirations , and achievements extend beyond successful sexual reproduction .
But , more profoundly , this entire line of thinking neglects the distinctly transformative capacity of the knowledge in which the humanities specializes .
In the past , universities have been created in times of plenty , typically to encourage people to think beyond their immediate need for survival to more edifying spiritual or national goals .
Indeed , universities may be the most consistently performing products of long-term capital investment , especially if one is inclined to think about social and economic `` investment '' in exactly the same terms .
Today 's Kremlin thinks that democracy was being built too quickly in Russia .
I think that when the authorities conceive such strategies , they assume that the outcome will be manageable .
We want to tell the people who are violent towards their own countrymen to stop and think whether their actions are in accordance with the dharma , whether they are acting for the good of Burma 's people .
That is what the junta wants the world to think .
Much of the world seems to think that Serbia 's role in the Balkan wars of the 1990 's puts it in the wrong , and that that should be the end of the matter .
As European economies grew more dependent on Russian oil and gas , and the US military in Central Asia on Russian acquiescence , reversing the decision to admit Russia to the G8 became politically unthinkable .
EU leaders should talk about the European idea and the European spirit in a way that encourages Europe 's citizens to think about how they came together , why they are staying together , and what they want to do together .
Messrs. Bush , Rumsfeld , Cheney and Wolfowitz like to pose as realists , but just how realistic is such thinking ?
Is it based on a sober assessment of the complex realities in Iraq and the region ? Or is it driven by ideology and wishful thinking ?
These problems notwithstanding , we think the reforms associated with the euro were great and well-executed .
Both generals and diplomats are finding it hard to move beyond Cold War thinking , and their retrograde posture is hindering President Putin 's efforts to push the country in a new direction .
High-ranking diplomats understand that their way of thinking requires one sort of diplomacy , and that a foreign policy focused on realizing Russia 's economic potential requires quite another .
They continue to think as they have always done , because it is in their direct self-interest to do all they can to preserve the militarized state of a decadent era .
Given magnitude of settlement and the power of vested interests , a forced evacuation of the occupied territories is unthinkable .
Others think that a whole new approach is required .
If the FIS group is lucky , there will also be some radical input from thinkers that do not presently have access to first world infrastructure .
Independent thinking is an underestimated factor .
It is usually assumed that developing economies need to build resources that emulate those in the developed world , but this could actually stifle the most creative thinking .
Twenty years of the most advanced thinking for mathematical algorithms came from a Soviet empire starved of computing power .
They will expand their pool of thinkers to include scientists from necessarily innovative regions .
Groups of critical thinkers -- the `` experts '' -- should be on hand to advise on how to avoid second-order disasters .
That is something to think about as this decade draws to a close -- and as the chance for humanity to take another momentous leap forward appears to be slipping away .
Their thinking is at the forefront of a widening recognition that France must face the world 's challenges as they really are , not as the French want them to be .
It is time for Europe to adjust the way that it thinks about nationality , cultural roots , and how it deals with immigrants .
Apparently , many Palestinian Arabs , and much of the Arab world , continue to think that they can do better than a two-state solution .
In thinking about this possibility we are drawn to the example of Ireland , where a two-state solution has worked .
The thinking behind the new arrangement was that an independent and flexible monetary policy would serve the nation 's interest better than a fixed exchange rate that tied the naira to the pound .
A China that trades extensively with the US and its Asian neighbors will think twice before it pursues any policy that would place those relationships at risk .
Rethinking Sovereignty
The time has come to rethink this notion .
The reason for this is worth thinking about .
The thinking is that young men and women will be less likely to become terrorists if they are members of societies that provide them with political and economic opportunities to live meaningful and satisfying lives .
Asia 's Overlooked Great Power Mention Asia , and most people think of the region 's fascinating , rising giants , China or India -- or both .
Or people think about North Korea 's nuclear program , some terrorist incident , or the humanitarian consequences of the latest earthquake or tsunami .
Intellectuals , journalists , and politicians are now saying and writing things about Japan 's role in the world that were unthinkable a decade ago .
Third , terrorism needs to be checked . This means doing everything possible to stop infiltration of terrorists into Iraq and rethinking support for militias .
Observers could be forgiven for thinking that they are speaking about two entirely different conflicts .
But , unless international thinking gets considerably more realistic in a hurry , what happens in Copenhagen will be anything but wonderful .
It is difficult to think of a foreign policy issue that preoccupies and polarizes world opinion as much as the Palestinian question .
History suggests that the US ought to think twice before continuing its effort to remake Afghan society or its government .
As a result , some terrorists , one hopes , will decide to become former terrorists -- and some young radicals might now think twice before deciding to become terrorists in the first place .
The best parallel that I can think of when it comes to understanding terrorism and how to deal with it is disease .
By the reckoning of Freedom House , a think-tank devoted to monitoring democracy worldwide , the number of `` free '' countries around the world increased by nearly three dozen over the past 20 years . Not one has a Muslim majority .
With the disappearance of the communist world and the failure of its collectivist policies , one would think that this debate had been resolved in favor of the reformist vision .
This represents a serious challenge to thinkers who sometimes ridicule the idea of the nation itself , arguing that we now inhabit a `` post-national '' world .
If you do n't think this work important , consider that half the nitrogen in your body is synthetic , a product of a Haber-Bosch factory .
But today , in Amman , as in almost every Arab capital , independent meetings and debates about how to move forward are taking place in art galleries , think tanks , salons , ordinary households , and , most significantly , online .
The result is that an old guard now confronts a new wave , and the two sides think entirely differently and speak at cross-purposes .
He also dismissed concerns about international contagion , asking the journalist , `` Do you think anybody will remember any of this 5 years from now ? ''
I do not think , however , that the world 's main concern is to find ways to rob people of their identity and sovereignty .
Of course , one reason for this lies in the inert mode of thinking which persists from the Soviet era , when NATO was portrayed by the totalitarian regime and its media as the Soviet Union 's arch-enemy .
My thinking does not emanate from aversion to Russia , or any feeling of superiority -- or , on the other hand , from fear of how Russia might respond to NATO 's further enlargement .
Needless to say , the end of the bipolar division of the world and the progress of our civilization along the course that we now call globalization urge us to engage in a radically new way of thinking about the future world order .
Unfortunately , the way of thinking that supported Communist dictatorships has not disappeared entirely .
As there is not much space in such thinking for individual moral action , social critics are often ridiculed as naive moralists or elitists .
At the same time , politicians in democratic countries need to think seriously about reforms of international institutions , because we desperately need institutions capable of real global governance .
I can hardly think of a better way for the EU to dishonor the noble ideals of freedom , equality , and human rights that the Union espouses -- indeed , principles that it reiterates in its constitutional agreement .
In a revolutionary atmosphere of solidarity and self-sacrifice , people tend to think that when their victory is complete , paradise on Earth is inevitable .
However , I think that the advantages far outweigh any possible disadvantages .
Respected organizations like Reporters without Borders and Amnesty International have collected ample evidence of violence and intimidation against freethinking Cubans , who can expect a different kind of ring than that from jangling keys .
Other Al Qaeda thinkers have expressed admiration for the ability of young men like Wael Ghonim to mobilize thousands of his fellow Egyptians by conveying his sincere desire for change and love of country .
Just think of the images of recent storms and floods in the Philippines and Vietnam that displaced and killed thousands , and multiply those horrors manifold .
While many Americans would like to think that the battle lines have been drawn between Tweeters and non-Tweeters , between those on Facebook and those without profiles , it is more likely that some other identities account for what is happening .
For Americans -LRB- and others -RRB- who believe that the Arab world thinks about nothing but the Palestinian cause , events this spring in North Africa , the Arabian Peninsula , and even the Levant should have convinced them otherwise .
No politician is free from a sense of destiny , and I think that Blair 's got the better of him .
In deploying soldiers to Afghanistan and Iraq , he was convinced that he was both morally correct and politically right to stand by Britain 's main historic ally , the United States . -LRB- It is reasonably certain that he would not have trusted Brown to do any of these things in the face of any serious opposition , and also reasonably certain that he was correct to think so . -RRB-
Phrases like `` apartheid state '' and `` Zionism is racism , '' unthinkable in liberal discourse a few years ago , have become routine .
But carmakers think fuel cells are the better , more efficient , silent , clean power source for transportation .
And , if China comes out of the crisis as the big winner and continues to boost its power , zero-sum thinking will soon replace win-win cooperation .
Chinese diplomats now maintain closer relations with think tanks than their European counterparts do , and are praised for their constructive contribution to the public debate .
But it was the terrorist attacks on the US in September 2001 that brought a sea change in the thinking , if not yet the practice , of at least part of the Saudi regime .
Whatever one thinks of American military intervention , one must concede that it has altered the region 's dynamics .
Exaggeration contradicts the key hallmarks of scientific reasoning : critical thinking and careful appraisal of the evidence .
And crises are repeated in different regions , triggered by strikingly similar economic and financial mechanisms , though the details of course differ . As Carmen Reinhart and Ken Rogoff have written , everyone near a financial crisis thinks `` This time is different . ''
At last year 's United Nations-sponsored climate-change conference in Cancún , Mexico , German Federal Environment Minister Norbert Röttgen noted that , `` In Germany , there has been a shift in thinking over the past years : in industry , politics , and society , we now see climate policy as an opportunity and challenge , not as a threat . ''
But small states are less likely to think that they can create the rules of the game , and accordingly they are more willing and able to make adjustments .
If that is true , what should we think of today 's mounting economic nationalism , sometimes euphemistically described as `` economic patriotism '' ?
Some thinkers , most notably Max Weber , floated the idea that capitalism must be sustained by a value system that could not initially be created from within .
Everyone thinks of the horse that can be led to water , but can not be made to drink .
The aftermath of the banking crisis requires thinking about not only the most appropriate form of banking legislation , but also the appropriate size of the state .
Second , it lends itself much more effectively to long-term strategic thinking about the overall direction of the national , or even the international , economy .
The US wants the world to embark on macroeconomic stimulus programs , and thinks that the complicated task of reinventing and reordering financial supervision and regulation can wait .
Disaster is an opportunity for thinking of ways to make the world fundamentally better -- and also prevent future crises .
People do a great deal of thinking , but sometimes they think so much that they come up with contradictory responses .
Since a common diagnosis of the problems generated in the financial services business holds that human greed is to blame , a German think tank recently suggested that people with a genetic proclivity to high dopamine levels should be barred from taking leading positions in financial institutions .
That would run counter to almost every argument of modern economics , but , at a moment when we are looking to the past for financial solutions , it is no longer unthinkable .
Still , no economic crisis or political revolution is likely to change governments ' inherent proclivity to think that they can know better .
A better approach is to think of the longer-term story as being one of changes in relative prices , which are not well handled by a consumer price index .
But such an outcome would be to repeat the thinking of the past , when the main need was to broker influence between Europe and the US .
Is n't that politically unthinkable ?
The poet , painter , and singer may think they do what they do for more high-minded reasons , but scientists know otherwise .
As a result , thinkers today are far more likely to get caught expressing `` unsanctioned '' ideas than they ever were in the 1980 's and early 1990 's , when underground publications served as the main channel of free expression .
Many Chinese , on the other hand , tend to think that the US is suffering from severe case of conceited superpower syndrome .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Just over a hundred years ago , the United States led the world in terms of rethinking how big business worked -- and when the power of such firms should be constrained .
But markets today think there is a 50 % chance that Greece will default within the next five years -- and a 25 % chance that Ireland will do so .
If people start to think this way , Portugal , whose already high and growing debt is held largely by non-residents , becomes a candidate for default as well .
But , as European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet likes to point out , market participants are good at thinking backwards : if they can see where a Ponzi-type scheme ends , everything unravels .
But there is a broader Reagan-type reasoning at work here : unemployment is high , the economy is not growing fast enough , and we `` need a fiscal stimulus . '' For those who generally like lower taxes , of course , this , too , is wishful thinking .
Some commentators dismiss this as irrational , but , again , that is wishful thinking .
Most American politicians like to think and talk only about the US .
Ordinarily , you might expect House Republicans to blink at this stage of the negotiations , but there is a hardline minority that actually appears to think that defaulting on government debt would not be a bad thing .
As the money rolled in , wages rose , real-estate prices reached to near-Parisian levels , and people fooled themselves into thinking that Kazakhstan had become Asia 's latest tiger .
Perhaps frustrated by his failure to find factual errors in my reporting , the author of the report offered some editorial comments that epitomized the flawed thinking on which the war rested . I had been unaware , he thought , of some extenuating factors for the destruction I witnessed .
Many of McNamara 's critics assert -- rightly , I think -- that he stopped short of full understanding , that he sought to hold fast to claims of noble intentions that the record could not sustain .
Americans are accustomed to thinking that their country 's bitter experience in Vietnam taught certain lessons that became cautionary principles .
Of all this we can say what the political thinker Hannah Arendt said of the anti-Semitic forgery The Protocols of the Elders of Zion .
One would think that a self-proclaimed conservative like Beck would support that sort of activity .
And it would be a grave mistake to think that a condominium between the US and China will impose global order in the way that the Cold War-era US\/USSR superpower rivalry did .
We are broadening our consultations with governments and other actors , and we are collaborating more closely with national and regional civil-society groups and the media , as well as with academic institutions , think tanks , labor unions , and industrial and sectoral associations .
Even in the most advanced and affluent societies , a vast concentrated effort is needed to preserve even minimal decency : think of locks , security alarms , police , courts , and prisons .
Indeed , an astounding 87 % of Indians polled said that they did not think the election mattered to them .
The paradigm of international security that had long dominated Japan 's defense thinking had shifted and policymakers realized that they had to shift with it .
In an age of missiles and terrorist threats , many people think that `` sea power '' is a word and concept from the past .
In the past , such a combination of countries was almost unthinkable , and these exercises can not be explained away as simple `` one-off '' affairs with little resonance .
Indeed , the UK 's premier security think tank , the Institute for International Strategic Studies , recently warned that , while the world focuses on the fight against international terrorism and the unfolding events in the Middle East , China is rapidly expanding its influence from Asia to Africa .
For those Asian countries that recall Japan 's moderate and sensible advancement of regional policies since the 1960 's , there is a growing expectation that Japan should re-think its stance .
But I think the crisis is deeper , reflecting a lack of awareness of the paths and goals of human development -- an ignorance that can not be reduced to Western-style democracy or liberal ideas .
Now that Russia has restored its capability , such a move would be unthinkable .
What is most needed nowadays is clear thinking about how to live with an expanding club of nuclear states while keeping the world relatively stable .
It behaved in ways that would have been unthinkable before -- for example , its attacks on Yugoslavia , Afghanistan , and Iraq .
But arms-control talks are built upon the concept of the balance of forces , which is a sure recipe for reviving confrontational and militaristic thinking .
As long as we remain unable to make ourselves think and act in a civilized way , we can -- indeed , we must -- ensure that we do not become barbaric .
If we can all work together -- Afghanistan , Pakistan , India , the United States , and our allies -- I see a possibility of moving beyond the days when a government thinks it needs extremism as an instrument of policy .
The father asked , `` Do you think I should take my son back to the US ? '' I said , `` Why ?
But the junta engages in Orwellian doublethink .
Insistence on such policies at a time when the US and most of the rest of the rich world are following virtually the opposite economic strategy indicates the need for fundamental rethinking of what actually generates growth and development .
No one thinks it is possible anymore for an individual to grasp , fully , all areas of science and technology .
But , despite the vast incompleteness of our knowledge , recent research suggests that most people think that they know far more than they actually do .
We can measure the discrepancy between what we think we know and what we actually know by simply asking people , after they have given their initial ratings , to tell us how some things work in as much detail as they can and then to rate their knowledge again in light of their attempt to explain .
The more parts you can see , the more you think you know how those parts actually work .
For example , we may think that we understand the mind much better than we do when we see images of glowing brain regions .
Qaddafi can not be allowed to think that he can massacre his people with impunity .
In 1863 , the Russian democratic émigré thinker Alexander Herzen , commenting on the brutal crushing of the Polish uprising by the Tsarist army , wrote in his publication Kolokol that acceptance of violence on the streets of Warsaw meant the acceptance of violence on the streets of St. Petersburg .
Come to think of it : whatever happened to the Poles , whom Russia so successfully put down in 1863 ?
They want the Supreme Leader to allow the president to issue warnings to both the parliament and the judiciary if he thinks they have overstepped their authority , thereby subordinating the Larijani brothers .
America under President Bush seems to think that international diplomacy is some type of smorgasbord , and can pick and choose which international rules it will play by and which it will ignore .
Democracy , every Westerner will tell you , is not founded on what the élite think ; it 's what the people think that matters - or at least what a contending rabble of rival interests think .
But the most important thing is that people are free to think , which Russia 's people undoubtedly are now free to do .
What they think is that Vladimir Putin is looking after Russian interests , which now include being an unconditional part of the West .
By blending the Soviet past with the Tsarist past and a few shards of Yeltsin-era democracy , Putin seems to think that he can neutralize the extremes of Russian history .
He became known as `` The Peasants ' Tsar , '' though he did n't tolerate any opposition thinking contrary to his own .
As is usual with this ex-KGB man , Putin is being cunning about Ukraine , but he is deluding himself if he thinks that siding with Yanukovich will bring back effective Russian overlordship of Ukraine .
True , Putin has concentrated in his own hands more decision-making authority than at any time in Russia 's post-Soviet history . But most Russians think he is a great leader , crediting him with taking the country from the bankruptcy and despair of the Yeltsin era to wealth and prosperity in just seven years .
That message echoes Solzhenitsyn 's famous commencement address at Harvard in 1978 : `` Any ancient deeply rooted autonomous culture , especially if it is spread on a wide part of the earth 's surface , constitutes an autonomous world , full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking .
Yanukovich 's record of violence and disdain for democratic norms is too entrenched to think that , should he win , he will ever allow his position to be challenged again .
Russia 's chief modernizer and protégé of President Dmitri Medvedev , Igor Yurgens of the Institute of Contemporary Development , thinks in much the same way .
If Western bankers and investors want to buy snake oil , that is their business . But no one should leave such events thinking that anything Medvedev says means that Russia is changing .
This will not be a short-term crisis , so we can not think only in the short term in formulating our response .
But it is dangerous to think that the UN can address today 's complex problems without the full backing of its member states .
We must think about a new global economic order that more fully reflects the changing realities of our time .
I think of it as seed money for a wholesale reconfiguration of global industry .
But we need to do more . Above all , we need to think boldly and freshly .
At the same time , the pandemic reminds us that we need to think and act beyond it .
Today , many people might think that all of this is water under the bridge . But the fate of the Annan plan remains very much a part of Turkish thinking on the Cyprus issue .
Although appeasing China 's drive for hegemony in Asia is unthinkable , every realistic effort must be made to avoid militarization of the region 's diplomacy .
But it is wrong -- at least for now -- to think that a formal structure of alliances to contain China is needed in the way that one was required to contain the Soviet Union .
Now we know that the unthinkable is possible .
Where nuclear safety is concerned , China must rethink its policy of isolating Taiwan from international bodies .
America 's friends and allies need to think hard about what sort of regional order they want , and they must begin to collaborate in order to breathe life into a structure of peace within which all of Asia can prosper and feel secure .
Japan is no different from other countries in witnessing such disputes over taxes . What is different is that , given the extent of the country 's fiscal problems , the government still continues to think of taxes only in partisan terms .
The inferiority complex of Russia 's derzhavniki -LRB- advocates of a powerful , effective state -RRB- reflects only weakness , not strength . It is similar to the fanatic feelings of a mouse who thinks that there is nothing more fearful than a cat .
Any re-thinking of EU policy toward Russia should recognize that , while Russia will remain a regional power and global player during the next decade , it is unlikely to become a liberal democracy .
Focused on their own problems , Europeans do not have time to think about how the crisis in the EU impacts the countries on Europe 's periphery .
Wolfgang Munchau of The Financial Times thinks French rejection of the EU constitution could sink the euro .
Who does Chirac think is at fault ?
Naturally , politicians are reluctant to face up to choices between the unacceptable -LRB- permanent stagnation -RRB- , the unthinkable -LRB- leaving the euro -RRB- , and the hard-to-do -LRB- reform -RRB- .
The hard-to-do is preferable to the unacceptable and the unthinkable .
Europeans might be forgiven for thinking that the Americans , who pumped up oil prices in the first place with their military misadventure in Iraq , should be the ones who `` pump it down '' with an energy tax .
So Europeans should not be tempted to think that they are somehow `` decoupled '' from America 's foibles and woes .
Some of this , no doubt , is wishful thinking on the part of economically unsophisticated people .
That 's what sent French President Nicolas Sarkozy and other high-level European officials scurrying off to China last November -- and why many ordinary Europeans continue to think of the Chinese as not playing by the rules .
This is protectionist thinking par excellence . What makes exports so special ?
It defies economic logic to think that the global economy -- including Europe -- will escape its consequences .
Like everyone else , our peasants vote their fears and choose as their representatives the peasant parties who think that political stalemate is the only way to preserve Poland 's rural way of life .
Yet everyone thinks that the country 's independence will be lost in an instant when farms can be sold to other Europeans , a condition of EU membership .
The death of Pope John Paul II was not unexpected , and his immense influence on the modern world will be judged and commented on by everybody who thinks that he has something to say .
Both of them -- the two greatest thinkers that promoted the idea of the free market -- were also moral philosophers .
This project differs from the West 's human rights movement , which is based on natural law thinking .
? We must cultivate mutual respect and consideration , so as to reach a reasonable balance of interests , instead of thinking only of unlimited power and unavoidable competitive struggles ;
Breaking the sequence of Israeli assassination followed by Palestinian suicide bombing requires a change of thinking and action .
The two of you also went against conventional Israeli thinking by breaking away from your Likud party , greatly weakening the ideological stranglehold that Likud 's far-right central committee held on Israeli politics .
The realization that withdrawal from populated areas , and thus an end to holding another people under permanent occupation , was necessary to preserve the Jewish nature of Israel clearly brought the two of you to the center of Israeli thinking .
Conventional thinking in the Middle East has largely been built on Israel 's overwhelming military strength , together with the disunity and lack of purpose of Arab leaders .
The barrage of Hezbollah and Hamas rockets has shown the folly of such thinking .
So , as Al Jazeera moves into media adolescence , it must begin to think about how it can become a social pioneer in the Arab and Islamic world .
To guide our thinking , we asked ourselves : if we had , say , an extra $ 75 billion to spend , where could we achieve the most good ?
But Ehrlich bets what he thinks will be the economic gains that we and our descendants might enjoy against the unborn 's very lives .
Hu 's unbridled glorification of `` Mao Zedong Thought , '' coupled with his suppression of dissent in the media , has begun not only to reveal a true authoritarian , but also to belie the wishful thinking of liberals , both inside and outside China , who hoped that Hu would be a reform-minded leader .
Radical new thinking is needed in fisheries management to overcome the ecological and evolutionary problems generated by current practice .
Because this sequence is for all students , what will be retained in the future are the stories and , most importantly , a scientific way of thinking .
Universities , think tanks , and the media are for the most part insular institutions .
The only solution for Japan is to open up - not only its economy , but its society , its universities , its media , its think tanks , and , indeed , its bars and bathhouses .
Until we think in terms of European sovereignty , rather than fret over risks to national sovereignty , the present crisis can not be overcome .
After all , we all want to think that hard work always pays off .
The global crisis has led to a rethinking of governments ' economic role .
As dynamic emerging economies evolve to take their place at the helm of the world economy , a rethink of the conventional approach to global economic governance is needed .
But we would be foolish to think we have seen the last of SARS , and it will take time for scientists to develop diagnostics , treatments , and vaccines .
This type of thinking underpinned Brazil 's agreement to include the issue of bio-fuels in a joint declaration and subsequent meeting of Bush and President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva at Camp David .
Currently , all eyes in China are on Hong Kong 's upcoming legislative election on September 12 , which will indicate to Hong Kong 's government and to China 's leaders what people think about the pace and direction of reform .
It noted that people increasingly adopted informal means of expressing unhappiness with Hong Kong 's government , because they did not think that formal channels were sufficient .
Furthermore , the majority did not think democratization would hurt the economy , although there were clear concerns that political instability could arise from China 's intervention in Hong Kong affairs .
But it does mean that we can quit panicking and start thinking calmly to ensure that we focus on the right issues .
Our failure to think clearly about such matters would be amusing if the potential consequences were not so serious .
In the UK , an Opinium survey shows that most voters think green taxes are mainly for raising cash rather than the environment , and 7 out of 10 are not willing to pay more in taxes to combat climate change .
Treason in the Air COPENHAGEN -- Discussions about global warming are marked by an increasing desire to stamp out `` impure '' thinking , to the point of questioning the value of democratic debate .
That would be a shameful legacy -- one that could be avoided by re-thinking climate policy .
A realistic `` Plan B '' does not mean plotting a second meeting after Copenhagen , as some have suggested . It means re-thinking our strategy .
Expert in internal repression but utterly incompetent in military strategy , Saddam Hussein thinks that he can fight and win .
But it is fantasy to think that the people of Baghdad will defend Saddam 's regime .
For jailing Liu on the absurd charge of trying to overthrow the Chinese state is typical of the type of thinking found in the closed societies of twentieth-century communism , where the state asserted its absolute right to judge every thought and every thinker .
In its current fight with Google , for example , China 's government appears to think that its technologists can provide the means to maintain the old thought control .
But those who think that China 's mutant political authoritarianism and mighty economy can long prevail are guilty as well .
LONDON -- The grim news that Ai Weiwei , perhaps China 's most famous contemporary artist , has been arrested and jailed -- his family and friends have not seen or heard from him since -- makes me think anew about Ai 's 100 million hand-painted porcelain sunflower seeds , now being exhibited at London 's Tate Modern Gallery .
It is as if three decades after China 's `` opening , '' nothing has changed in the Party 's way of thinking and ruling .
The Japanese have shown admirable courage in the face of unthinkable tragedy .
But what is it that we must believe when each branch of Islam thinks the other one is wrong ?
The tragedy of such thinking is that it does not allow for any moral and political complexity or nuance , yet that is exactly what will be needed if the many problems surrounding Iran are to be resolved .
Kadyrov thinks that the referendum results put him squarely on the path to securing the Chechen presidency for himself .
If this happens when we claim to love trees , I shudder to think what would happen if we were ambivalent about them ? Or thought we could live without them ?
Residual traces of totalitarian thinking can also be found in the hostility to former dissidents like Adam Michnik or Václav Havel , both of whom argued that the new democracies should not exploit resentments or seek revenge , as the totalitarian state did , but instead build a new national consensus to structure and empower a genuine civil society .
It was also the birthplace of a spiritual heritage , of thinkers and artists , of a specific mode of creativity and search for meaning beyond pragmatic negotiations with daily life .
I was thinking again about these old and seemingly unsolvable questions during my re-reading of a quite challenging novel by a close friend and a great writer , not very present in the vivid landscape of American letters of today .
The theme , style , and echo of his work says a lot , I think , about our simplified world .
Few Pakistanis have the time or inclination to think about their founder 's ideas .
Today 's crisis calls for every thinking Pakistani to ask serious questions of themselves : What should be the idea of Pakistan ?
The real challenge , and the ultimate solution , is to get people to think and talk about these questions .
The mandarins have maintained their privileged position in this regard , owing partly to the tax system , which prevents the emergence of non-profit institutions , especially think tanks , where independent policy expertise can be forged .
Yet it is not just how information is stored and retrieved that needs to change , but how we think about information as well .
China , which has increased trade with Africa five-fold since 2003 , has played a leading role in this turnaround , which has encouraged investors from elsewhere , including Europe and the United States , to rethink their approach to investing in Africa .
In September 2003 , Argentina did the unthinkable : a temporary default to the IMF itself .
Mobutu 's rule was , of course , deeply flawed , but he was not alone within the pan-African movement in such thinking .
The African Union needs thorough rethinking .
Most likely , they meant that there was a period of time when they did not think about their abuse .
But not thinking about something is not the same thing as being unable to remember it .
Failing to understand what had happened to them , they simply did not think about it for many years .
On the contrary , wishful thinking led experts to adduce `` discontinuation symptoms '' as evidence of the effectiveness of vital remedies .
We think ourselves more open , sentimental , cordial , and family oriented , but also more disorganized and blase , at times irresponsible and lazy .
Yet it is ludicrous to think that Euroskeptics represent a silent majority that could rise up and destroy the EU . Popular support for the European project has barely faltered over the last 25 years , and has even begun to strengthen of late .
The latter option , once unthinkable , is possible because Berlusconi is not running the type of inflammatory electoral campaign that he has in the past .
The 2005 review , by contrast , will represent several years of thinking by the Bush administration , and thus will serve as a key indicator of the future course of American defense policy .
Five principles should guide their thinking .
China has been an enormous beneficiary of this system , and its rise would have been unthinkable without the US-led free-trade system and globalization process , access to US markets , and global shipping lanes secured by the US Navy .
We often think of history as something inevitable , a culmination of great , grinding forces that can only lead to one destination .
Many think that no global action to fight economic inequality is necessary . They argue that only poverty reduction matters .
For example , it could be that highly stressed people with Type A personality who think that bacon cheeseburgers and creamy sauces are staple foods , and who already have an increased , long-term risk of heart disease , also tend to work longer hours .
In fact , the huge toll of diseases spread by mosquitoes has led some public-health officials to rethink DDT 's use .
This calls for fundamental innovations in precautionary thinking and risk analysis . ''
Some 36 % of Chinese doctors think the effectiveness of acupuncture remains uncertain , perhaps because the scientific basis for it remains so new .
According to a November 2006 report by The Task Force on the Future of American Innovation , made up of prominent universities , think tanks , industry trade associations , and corporations , the high-tech trade deficit widened in 2005 , for the third consecutive year .
But if these stunning economic statistics make you think that so much capitalist development must also have brought more democracy to China , think again .
Incidentally , I think it would be far more revealing to draw up a list of those states that have destroyed or damaged the relationship of trust with their citizens to such an extent that they can only secure their tax revenues by criminalizing tax evasion and trampling on privacy .
Moreover , reliance on the Nehru\/Gandhi name prevents the party from addressing its malaise because many party leaders still think that they can rely on the old magic to win .
For example , the EU must rethink its trade policies , which are now the most discriminatory towards these new neighbors , all of whom lack membership in the World Trade Organization and are restricted from freely selling steel , textiles , and a broad range of agricultural products in the EU .
Most of what we think about Iraq is shaped by the daily violence that plagues the country .
Yet it would be a mistake to think that this bloodlust represents widespread sentiment among Iraqis .
Hence , it is no longer accurate to think of the PAS as a fundamentalist party and the UMNO as moderate .
By contrast , seen from afar , in their new suits , you might think that Chinese economic elites are Japanese .
Those elections would have been unthinkable in Nazi Germany .
Given the evolution of American strategic thinking after Iraq -LRB- and now Afghanistan -RRB- , and of Israel 's strategic thinking after Lebanon , a preventive strike is highly unlikely .
The third analogy is reflected in Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert 's recent references to Israel 's nuclear deterrent , which may have been a mistake , but probably indicate the evolution of Israeli strategic thinking .
I recently debated one of the key thinkers behind the decision to `` liberate '' Iraq from Saddam Hussein .
Indeed , by militarizing our thinking , it renders us incapable of finding the right answers , which must be as much political as security-oriented .
Conformism flows naturally from these encounters and creates a world in which everybody tends to think alike , as if a truly global community could create a global way of thinking , even if positions on how to address the current financial crisis are varied .
The idea that the Chinese regime would quickly reform the country into an open , moderate , and benevolent giant was either a fraud , a gigantic misperception , or wishful thinking .
Both NATO and the EU have been forced to redefine how they function and rethink their purposes after a dual process of enlargement .
In a deeper way , Sarkozy 's diplomacy reflects changes in how the French President thinks about the idea of `` the West '' in today 's globalized world .
This Israeli conviction on what it considers an existential issue stands in stark contrast with the fatalism that otherwise dominates Israelis ' thinking about themselves and their relations with the Palestinians .
Of course , domestic considerations are not absent from Sarkozy 's thinking .
For decades they have created a zone where war has become unthinkable , where might is not right , where the poorer catch up with the richer .
Now is the time to rethink our public-health investments and messaging , and evaluate whether we are getting the best value for our donor dollars , or whether we should do much more to tackle diseases that we have so far largely ignored .
Riven by such blinkered thinking , Iran seems incapable of making headway on even the most sensible policy .
One can think of periodic systemic risk as an inherent tendency toward reversion to the mean : short - and medium-term returns can deviate considerably and for extended periods from the expected long-run returns associated with various investment strategies and capabilities .
It is sad to note that European leaders sometimes adopt such narrow positions , too , responding to the short-term demands of electoral politics instead of facing the challenges of long-term strategic thinking . Sarkozy , too , has fallen prey to this trend .
This line of thinking led governments to believe that Arabs would not demonstrate in large numbers and demand change .
In particular , the French Catholic thinker Jacques Maritain developed arguments as to why Christians should embrace democracy and human rights .
On numerous occasions , he has argued that his country needs to rethink its traditional strict separation of state and religion , called laïcité .
Under David Cameron 's leadership , the newly invigorated Conservative Party is listening to a number of thinkers , dubbed `` red Tories , '' who urge the party to turn its back on Thatcherism and embrace civil society , local community , the family , and , not least , religion as a major force in fostering responsible social behavior .
An increasing number of countries -- especially , but not only , in Europe -- seem to think so .
Critics of the spreading practice of citizenship testing certainly think so ; in fact , they go so far as to lament the rise of a new `` repressive liberalism '' -- Western states ' efforts to achieve democratic and liberal ends with increasingly illiberal means .
And every country should think very carefully about what it wishes to communicate about itself .
Such cultural considerations simply do not fit into the categories in which equation-fixated economists are predisposed to think .
Saddam also assigned his deputy Izzat Ibrahim to lead a so-called `` faith drive . '' The campaign was designed to serve several purposes , including the suppression of any free , secular thinking .
It is , of course , possible to trace the concept of universal rights at least as far back as seventeenth-century English thinking about natural law .
The concept was partially embraced in the French Declaration of Rights of 1789 and , to a greater extent , in Thomas Jefferson 's language in the same era about `` inalienable rights . '' It also shaped the thinking of those in England who led the anti-slavery struggle of the second half of the eighteenth century , the first human rights movement .
One way to think about the six decades that have elapsed since the adoption of the Universal Declaration is as a struggle to implement its promises .
A factor that contributed to their demise was a shift in thinking that transformed the conflict between East and West away from one that emphasized economic systems . Instead , it was the contrast between totalitarianism and respect for rights that completely discredited the oppressive regimes linked to Moscow and helped to bring them down .
These companies ' control of this market makes sense if you think about what they are selling .
If I think I need more vitamins , I prefer to take a multivitamin supplement .
In this respect , Vilks ' work must be regarded as having succeeded in exposing moral double standards -- no matter what one thinks of the drawing itself .
But I think that there is more wishful thinking than hardheaded logic among those calling for a `` color revolution . ''
But to think that we are moving from Yeltsin 's `` democracy '' to Putin 's `` autocracy '' is simply silly .
In reality , the main trouble with the current Putin government in the eyes of its Western critics is that their friends and like-minded thinkers are no longer in the loop .
Yet Europe should not think itself immune to this problem .
We all come into the world curious , equipped with the psychological drive to explore the world and to expand the terrain that we think we master .
Men often ca n't hear women 's lower tones , and their brains , unlike women 's , have a `` rest '' state -LRB- he actually is sometimes thinking about `` nothing '' ! -RRB- .
I think we are witnessing something new being born .
Sometimes leaders think that vision can solve most of their problems , but the wrong vision -- or an overly ambitious vision -- can do damage .
Some aspiring leaders think that they must proclaim a vision that overawes their followers .
The smart response at the beginning is , ` What do you think ? ' and then listen before you articulate your vision . ''
Deviant individuals and groups exist in all human societies , and they are now empowered in ways that were once unthinkable .
Today , about two-thirds of the people polled in ten European countries say they admire America for its popular culture and progress in science and technology , but only a third think the spread of American customs in their country is a good idea .
Terrorism -LRB- most Europeans think -RRB- is a nuisance to be managed , not a challenge requiring total change .
This approach appeals to those who think that the French and Dutch referendums were a rejection of the British liberal economic model .
Even if governments rethink their ban on new nuclear plants , accelerate development of windmills and solar panels , and search for new gas supplies , Europe will remain dependent on Russian gas for more than a decade .
If it were merely a matter of rogue states , we could think that progress is being made .
This means that China and India are deluding themselves if they think that preferential deals for Sudanese or Iranian oil will provide them with security .
In the meantime , China 's mercantilist misunderstanding of markets means that it often overpays for what it mistakenly thinks is energy security .
Gorbachev 's foreign policy , which he called `` new thinking , '' also contributed to the Cold War 's end .
But given the other options , the US would be wise to start thinking of a new diplomatic package .
The new unilateralists who dominated Bush 's first administration made the mistake of thinking that the unipolar distribution of power in the military context was sufficient to guide foreign policy .
They were like a young boy with a hammer who thinks that every problem resembles a nail .
The exit of some of the most strident neo-conservatives in the Bush administration over the past year has also helped , and with growing opposition to the Iraq War , some Americans are beginning to think that the French may have had a point after all .
Recently , US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice told a news conference that `` we think that Taiwan 's referendum to apply to the UN under the name ` Taiwan ' is a provocative policy . It unnecessarily raises tensions in the Taiwan Strait and it promises no real benefits for the people of Taiwan on the international stage . ''
Gates added , however , that despite China 's rising defense budget , `` I do n't consider China an enemy , and I think there are opportunities for continued cooperation in a number of areas . ''
The use of force among advanced industrial democracies is virtually unthinkable .
And so India really has the capacity , and , we think , the interest , to work with the United States and other partners on a variety of issues of global and regional scope . '' This change began under the Clinton administration and is likely to continue regardless of who is elected president in 2008 .
As a senior foreign ministry official told Emmott in 2007 , `` the thing you have to understand is that both of us -LRB- India and China -RRB- think that the future belongs to us .
When people speak of military power , they tend to think in terms of the resources that underlie the hard-power behavior of fighting and threatening to fight -- soldiers , tanks , planes , ships , and so forth .
Even when thinking only of fighting and threats , many analysts focus solely on inter-state war , and concentrate on soldiers in uniforms , organized and equipped by the state in formal military units .
`` An innovative economy needs open markets , venture capital , free thinking entrepreneurs , fast bankruptcy courts and solid protection of intellectual property , '' she argues .
He thinks that the Indian economy will be bigger than Britain 's in a decade and bigger than Japan 's in two .
Because the Obama administration has used the term `` smart power , '' some people think that it refers only to the US , and critics complain that it is merely a slogan , like `` tough love , '' used to sugar-coat American foreign policy .
And it 's not just pundits who think so .
A much better way forward is to rethink seriously the role of cross-border capital-account regulations .
Essentially , it sought to neutralize sentiments such as those expressed in a memo attributed to Lawrence Summers , former Harvard President and now Director of President Barack Obama 's National Economic Council : `` I think the economic logic behind dumping a load of toxic waste in the lowest wage country is impeccable and we should face up to that . ''
When it comes to internal competition policies , most European countries still think within the national `` box . ''
As a signal of their seriousness , European governments should think twice before they accept Serbia 's invitation to attend the Council of Europe 's festive 1,000 th meeting in June .
The real trouble begins when one thinks that the hammer might be the right solution for headaches , too .
Walking through the square the other evening , I found myself thinking back to when I first began following China 's amazing odyssey .
Given this , one might think the US government would be actively courting Chinese investment , not scaring it away unnecessarily .
But , to talk with Iran effectively , one must understand Iranian values and thinking .
Most important , New York 's highly concentrated population and comprehensive public transit system enable the majority of residents to live without owning automobiles , an unthinkable deprivation almost anywhere else in the US .
Fed by a meager diet of media reporting and some coarse think-tank buzz , European and American friends often ask me why our universities are awash with self-hating , anti-Israel `` post-Zionists . ''
What were they thinking ? Other cabinet ministers had been promised that no fatalities would occur .
He 's asking you , as a well-connected man of science , whether you would communicate his paper to the Linnean Society of London for reading and possible publication , if you think his arguments meritorious .
Religion remains a compulsory subject throughout university programs , while inquisitiveness , critical thinking , and objective analysis are all widely discouraged .
This failure reflects the dominance of conventional economics , which has produced closed-minded group-thinking within the global central banking community .
The European Central Bank and the Bank of England have been the worst offenders . That is no surprise , as European central bankers are the most conventional in their thinking and have been the most obsessed with inflation .
Motor City Meltdown WASHINGTON , DC -- The financial crisis that began in 2007 has been persistently marked by muddled thinking and haphazard policymaking .
Although 53 % of US Muslims think that life is more difficult since the terrorist attacks of 2001 , most think that this is the fault of the government , not their neighbors .
I think the future for progressive politics lies in leaders trusting citizens .
We in PASOK , the party that I lead , have started to think through what we want out of politics in a practical sense and how this can be delivered in a way that respects people 's lives .
We need to highlight , not hide , different views , and see our parties less as `` war headquarters '' and more as bio-diverse think tanks or workshops .
Part of my thinking concerns personal style , but also something deeper : the relationship between professional politicians and voters .
They are prepared to spare governments from too much criticism , if they think they are trying to do what is right for everyone .
Personally , I do not think that those whose philosophy deplores the whole idea of government , except when it is required to bail out businesses or banks , and who purport to offer a better future by stitching together the shreds and tatters of policies that helped produce today 's economic disaster , will have much respect or support from voters .
What struck me , thinking back to the days I once spent in Northern Ireland , was how both there and here the crucible of so much struggle , bitterness , and bloodshed is very small . There is an intimacy about the geography of Northern Ireland , Gaza , and the West Bank that makes the violence seem all the more inexplicable and obscene .
So did I think of lessons to be learned in the Middle East as I drove from one end of Jordan to the other ?
I can not think of one who did so much damage to America at home and to its reputation abroad .
It is vanity to think that anything can be done to prevent this .
But no one should think that debate in democracies is always based on reason , or that democracy necessarily makes people more rational .
Why should what worked in Northern Ireland -- indeed , what was pressed on Britain by the United States -- be unthinkable in the Middle East ?
But foreign ministers will be deeply suspicious if they think that the Commission is taking over foreign policy .
He would not be afraid to act , but he would be prepared to think first .
I do not think , therefore , that Obama will be too vexed by some of the criticism he faces at the end of his first year in office , though he will undoubtedly grimace at the defeat of the Democratic candidate in the special election in Massachusetts to fill Ted Kennedy 's old seat .
With a dispassionate eye on the long game , what will the president himself be thinking ?
Critics think that pegging the currency below its real value is part of a deliberate strategy to keep growth rolling , thereby avoiding the tricky politics of growing unemployment in a system that has no institutionalized channels for expressing popular grievances .
As someone who believes that China 's rise should be good for the world , I hope that Deng 's wise advice will be heeded by those Chinese officials who seem to think that this is a good moment to start stamping their feet .
In India , by contrast , even when you might think that government should be expected to deliver more , expectations are not high .
I think he will do so -- not least because the most potent electoral argument today is `` time for change . '' Voters tend to get rid of governments once the incumbents have lost their most precious attribute : the benefit of the doubt .
I think he will make a good prime minister .
LONDON -- Volcanoes have consequences -- and I 'm not just thinking about the chaos caused to air travel by Iceland 's unpronounceable last eruption -LRB- known to the Pentagon as E-15 -RRB- .
But the coalition negotiated by David Cameron 's Conservatives with the third-place Liberal Democrats -LRB- which should give the government a comfortable majority in Parliament -RRB- is not so novel as some people think .
Conservatives , for their part , think of Liberals as combining sanctimoniousness with hard-ball electoral tactics .
They also seem to think that Europe has gone down the tubes .
Europeans think that we enjoy the highest quality of life in the world , combining freedom with social solidarity .
We like to think that older generations always leave a better world for those that follow .
A few weeks of rain in Australia has emboldened those who think that global warming is a gigantic hoax perpetrated by the United Nations or conspiring scientists or maybe men from Mars .
But just think how different everything would look if America had a trade surplus and a more manageable level of domestic borrowing than the $ 14 trillion run-up in debt by credit-card holders before 2007 .
Those of us who think that science and religion dwell in different domains , and who recall that Socrates argued that science did not teach you about morality or meaning , find that our case is undermined by the literalists and fundamentalists in every religion .
I do not think that a struggle for hegemony is inevitable , or that it would be desirable .
This dualism has significant consequences for how we think , act , and feel .
These can motivate us to think of distant people as if they were friends and family .
I do n't think I 'm cut out for politics . ''
It is also time to start thinking about a new way of organizing Central Europe .
But they should think again .
This convergence has less to do with regulatory thinking on bank size or function than with a common need to play to the political gallery and raise more tax revenue .
But if that belief dominated bankers ' thinking , they would still worry about their savings .
Iranian policymakers must , therefore , try to develop their own ideas for a negotiated resolution of the nuclear and other regional security issues , as well as to think about how Iran can rebuild trust in its actions .
A historical perspective on bridge building or any other engineering specialty provides a caveat about how our humanity affects our thinking .
Building a novel bridge , especially in the wake of a spectacular failure , forces engineers to think from scratch and also to think more deeply and critically .
Consider something that we all think we know : the earth is -LRB- approximately -RRB- round .
Which brings me to the paradox of ignorance in our era : on the one hand , we are constantly bombarded by expert opinion , by all sorts of people -- with or without Ph.D. after their name -- who tell us exactly what to think -LRB- though rarely why we should think it -RRB- .
On the other hand , most of us are woefully inadequate to practice the venerable and vital art of baloney detection -LRB- or , more politely , critical thinking -RRB- , which is so necessary in modern society .
You can think of the paradox in another way : we live in an era when knowledge -- in the sense of information -- is constantly available in real time through computers , smart phones , electronic tablets , and book readers .
Of course , it may be that humanity has always been short on critical thinking . That 's why we keep allowing ourselves to be talked into supporting unjust wars -LRB- not to mention actually dying in them -RRB- , or voting for people whose main job seems to be to amass as much wealth for the rich as they can get away with .
But the need for critical thinking has never been as pressing as in the Internet era .
Unfortunately , colleges , high schools , and even elementary schools are unlikely to mandate introductory courses in critical thinking on their own .
This can and must change , but it requires a grassroots movement that uses blogs , online magazines and newspapers , book clubs and meet-up clubs , and anything else that might work to promote educational opportunities to develop critical-thinking skills .
It is unusual that a new technology has no negative side effects . Just think of all the deaths that the wheel has caused , not to mention the side effects of much of the medicine we take .
Descartes famously said , `` I think , therefore I am . '' Russia 's rulers appear to live by the credo , `` I resist America , therefore I am great . ''
Americans think they know what it is : a central government with a large budget -LRB- about 20 % of GDP -RRB- , whose macroeconomic role is to carry out counter-cyclical spending and taxation , as most US states are constitutionally committed to some sort of balanced budget .
In a recent study from the Brussels-based think tank Bruegel , Stéphane Rottier and Nicolas Véron provide a comprehensive scoreboard of the progress achieved in reforming financial regulation over the last two years , starting from the program agreed in November 2008 at the G-20 meeting in Washington .
But , while Thaksin committed many infractions , his gravest `` sin '' was to have changed the way Thais think and behave .
And the difficulty people everywhere have in thinking in terms of probabilities -- especially low probabilities , which they tend to write off -- weakens political support for incurring the costs of taking precautionary measures .
For over a decade , American strategic thinking has focused on China 's emergence as a great power in East Asia .
Such thinking is passé . China already is East Asia 's great power .
This brings us back to Kant 's other object of reverence and awe , the moral law within . What would beings with a completely different evolutionary origin from us -- perhaps not even carbon-based life forms -- think of our moral law ?
Indeed , we struggle -- more or less successfully , I think -- even to define what a `` scholarly '' practicing physician is , because a clinician 's reputation rests on local interactions that are often difficult to document .
As I grow older , I 'm no longer sure why this is so important , but the male members of our species seem to think that it is .
President Barack Obama 's administration seems to think that the problem is one of demand , and has passed stimulus measure after stimulus measure , reducing taxes and increasing transfers and government spending in order to boost consumption and investment .
If you believe that the blame lies with greedy bankers and unthinking investors , lulled by the promise of a government bailout , or with a market driven crazy by irrational exuberance , we had studied all this too , in great detail .
As a group , neither behavioral economists , who think that market efficiency is a joke , nor progressive economists , who distrust free markets , predicted the crisis .
Their thinking -- and the Fed 's -- follows the misguided calculus that if low rates are good for jobs , ultra-low rates must be even better .
One might think that a country that owns foreign oil can use the profits from sales to insulate its economy from high world oil prices .
Everyone came away thinking that they had won , but the world largely lost .
If we can make these changes -- and one should not minimize the scale of the task -- perhaps when G-20 leaders meet in the future , they will not think that their citizens have little interest in the outcome .
The threat of depleting the world 's scarce energy resources has maintained a powerful hold on popular thinking ever since the oil shocks of the 1970 's .
The result would make the prospective treaty violator think twice .
While the revelation may appear merely to be a historical footnote , more profoundly it raises new uncertainty about whether Israel now thinks that it can rely on the United States to apply military force to stop Iran 's nuclear program should diplomacy fail .
Unfortunately , however , the US-led invasion of Afghanistan and the subsequent invasion -- without UN authority -- of Iraq underscore the primacy of military solutions in the strategic thinking of affluent nations .
As the European Constitutional Convention assembles to debate the fine points of the European Union 's future institutions , now is the moment to think the unthinkable about where Europe is heading .
Both EU and NATO membership make war among European member states unthinkable , and an attack on even the smallest NATO member would bring a response from all NATO members .
Abstract for a second from the idea of French or German or Italian identity , patriotism , the collective memories of war and carnage that cemented the consciousness of today 's linguistic communities and think of this : why do Europeans need an intermediate level of government , between the common European framework and their local institutions ?
When Europeans think of future institutions , the tension is always seen as that between national differences and the common European identity .
He was a philosopher in the same sense that Socrates was : a thinker who questioned what others take for granted , and probed human feelings and actions to help us understand how we can better ourselves and lead lives that are morally superior , yet also more fulfilling .
But while Kolakowski `` traveled '' with the Communists and supported them for a few years , he was never really a `` good comrade '' because he never allowed himself to stop thinking for himself .
Kolakowski paid dearly for his free thinking -- less than two years after his speech in Warsaw , he was deprived of his teaching position and forced into an exile that would last for over 20 years .
You would think Tajbakhsh 's record in Iran would rule out an accusation of treason .
OXFORD -- A new way of thinking about individual choice has taken the political landscape by storm . America 's new president Barack Obama and the leader of the British Conservatives , David Cameron -LRB- just to drop a couple of names -RRB- have shown an interest in it .
Nudges should be so chosen as to prod us toward those choices that we ourselves would make , if we would only sit down and think carefully about the matter at hand .
Indeed , the fetishization of any document has a religious cast that should make any thinking person skeptical .
Whatever one thinks of him , in international affairs Blair was a leader of consequence .
Of course , Blair does not think of himself as a new imperialist .
But nor did nineteenth-century colonialists think of themselves as immoral .
Like the Fifth Five-Year Plan , which set the stage for the `` reforms and opening up '' of the late 1970 's , and the Ninth Five-Year Plan , which triggered the marketization of state-owned enterprises in the mid-1990 's , the upcoming Plan will force China to rethink the core value propositions of its economy .
This change in motivation requires changes in how the Union thinks about itself , changes that go beyond the ideas now circulating at the convention drawing up an EU constitution .
One can bemoan this fact , but it is better to accommodate oneself to it and accept the notion that it will take decades for Europe to think in the same way on most issues , not least about relations with the US .
Moreover , there is nothing in economic theory that should have made economic technocrats think that Anglo-American institutions of corporate governance or `` flexible labor markets , '' to pick just two examples , produce unambiguously superior economic performance when compared to German-style insider control or institutionalized labor markets .
On closer scrutiny , what passed as state-of-the-art thinking on economic policy turns out to have been based on some crude rules of thumb .
The central bank does need to have a view , updated over time , about the exchange rate 's appropriate range , and it should signal when it thinks the currency is moving in the wrong direction .
Economic Growth 's Many Recipes CAMBRIDGE , MA . &#45; &#45; Development `` big think '' has always been dominated by comprehensive visions about transforming poor societies .
This line of thinking has vast implications for the design of appropriate global economic arrangements .
The result is muddled thinking and inappropriate strategies for reform .
Macroeconomic policy is an area in which economists have done a lot of thinking about institutional prerequisites . The same is true in a few other areas , such as education policy and telecom regulation .
But in other areas , such as trade , employment , or industrial policies , prevailing thinking is either naïve or non-existent .
The Spence report reflects a broader intellectual shift within the development profession , a shift that encompasses not just growth strategies but also health , education , and other social policies . The traditional policy framework , which the new thinking is gradually replacing , is presumptive rather than diagnostic .
But confrontation over globalization has clearly moved well beyond the streets to the columns of the financial press and the rostrums of mainstream think tanks .
Non-economists tend to think of economics as a discipline that idolizes markets and a narrow concept of -LRB- allocative -RRB- efficiency .
Early mercantilism deserves a rethink too .
His blind spot on financial-market excesses -- the little `` flaw '' in his thinking , as he later termed -- left him oblivious to the dangers of Wall Street titans ' financial innovations .
Or you can oppose controls because you think that they can be easily evaded and are therefore doomed to remain ineffective .
Listen to what comes out of Washington and Brussels , or read the financial press , and you would think you were witnessing a straightforward morality play .
In a fascinating new book , revealingly titled When China Rules the World , the British scholar and journalist Martin Jacques is unequivocal : if you think China will be integrated smoothly into a liberal , capitalist , and democratic world system , Jacques argues , you are in for a big surprise . Not only is China the next economic superpower , but the world order that it will construct will look very different from what we have had under American leadership .
Today , markets seem to think that large fiscal deficits are the greatest threat to government solvency .
Tomorrow they may think the real problem is low growth , and rue the tight fiscal policies that helped produce it .
Their example can sway leaders elsewhere to think that they can aspire to economic ascendancy while tightening the screws on domestic political opposition .
Thinking the Unthinkable in Europe
With Ireland 's troubles threatening to spill over to Portugal , Spain , and even Italy , it is time to rethink the viability of Europe 's currency union .
When contemporary economists think of economic dualism , they think first and foremost of the Nobel laureate Sir W. Arthur Lewis .
He is an interesting fellow , my colleague said , with a doctorate from the London School of Economics and Political Science -LRB- LSE -RRB- ; I would enjoy talking to him , and I might be able to help his thinking on economic matters .
Incentives , competition , hard-budget constraints , sound money , fiscal sustainability , property rights are central to the ways in which economists think about policy and its reform .
This has led some to think that India -LRB- and perhaps others -RRB- can take a different , service-led path to growth .
But thinkers like Friedman leave an ambiguous and puzzling legacy , because it is the interventionists who have succeeded in economic history , where it really matters .
This underscores the need for creative thinking on credibility-enhancing mechanisms as an integral part of reform .
When forced to cut employment , they are more likely to think that they are destroying lives rather than raising economic efficiency and increasing wealth .
It is possible , the thinking now runs , to design and build nuclear plants that can keep the fuel rods cool even if all power is lost .
Someone naïve in the ways of US corporations might say that these rules are paper-thin , because shareholders can just elect new directors if the incumbents are recalcitrant . As long as they can elect the directors , one might think , shareholders rule the firm .
Even some capital-oriented thinking says that shareholders are better off if managers make all major decisions . And often the interests of shareholders and managers are aligned .
The clearinghouses will have many advantages , but not as many as regulators might think .
You think I am crazy ?
In my view , those who think that America is about to collapse are likely to be disappointed .
This is not the most likely scenario , but it is not unthinkable .
Ministers are too busy recovering from their trauma to think about paying fat fees for big new international bond issues .
In particular , should governments , especially those that are endlessly building up dollar reserves , instead start thinking about how to build up their roads , bridges , ports , electric grids , and other infrastructure ?
Do people think it is easy for a 12-trillion-dollar economy to spend beyond its means year after year just to prop up other countries ' reputations for stability ?
Many people seem to think that the Bush administration is the problem .
In principle , one can also think of scenarios in which the dollar shoots up , but overall these seem less likely .
This is why central bankers must think about the information embedded in asset prices .
American voters , who are famously loathe to increase taxes , might start thinking a lot harder about the real economic costs of their country 's superpower status .
But if central bankers think that today 's inflation is simply the product of short-term resource scarcities as opposed to lax monetary policy , they are mistaken .
As central bankers and finance ministers ponder how to intervene to prop up the dollar , they should also start thinking about what to do when the time comes to pull the plug .
I am puzzled that so many economic pundits seem to think that the solution is for all governments , rich and poor , to pass out even more checks and subsidies so as to keep the boom going .
-LRB- And do n't think central banks have ruled out the inflation tax .
That depends on when you think the financial crisis will abate , and the timing of that is as hard to predict as exchange rates .
One shudders to think what lessons the US financial sector will draw if , after the multi-trillion dollar bailout , there are only superficial , toothless reforms .
One shudders to think what will happen if Europe does not pull out of its current funk .
Unfortunately , the conventional post-mortem on Lehman is wishful thinking . It basically says that no matter how huge the housing bubble , how deep a credit hole the United States -LRB- and many other countries -RRB- had dug , and how convoluted the global financial system , we could have just grown our way out of trouble . Patch up Lehman , move on , keep drafting off of China 's energy , and nothing bad ever need have happened .
There is acknowledgement that the US China trade relationship needs to be rebalanced , but little imagination on how to proceed . Deep down , our leaders and policymakers have convinced themselves that for all its flaws , the old system was better than anything we are going to think of , and that simply restoring confidence will fix everything , at least for as long as they remain in office .
And even if regulators take their time to try to get it right , as most of us think they should , the world may have to live with weak credit expansion as banks hold back , awaiting a clearer verdict on their future .
An absurd expectation , one might think .
In chess magazines , one often sees comments from top players such as `` My silicon friend says I should have moved my King instead of my Queen , but I still think I played the best ` human ' move . ''
A surprising number of pundits seem to think that if one could only break up the big banks , governments would be far more resilient to bailouts , and the whole `` moral hazard '' problem would be muted .
The IMF is on much weaker ground , however , in thinking that its one-size-fits-all global tax system will somehow level the playing field internationally . It wo n't .
With important reserves near populated areas , governments will need to temper their enthusiasm and think about the balance between risks and riches .
If ever there were a wake-up call for Western society to rethink its dependence on ever-accelerating technological innovation for ever-expanding fuel consumption , surely the BP oil spill should be it .
Yes , the culprits should be punished , both to maintain citizens ' belief that justice prevails , and to make other oil producers think twice about taking outsized risks .
Of course , I may be far too optimistic in thinking that the tragedy in the Gulf will spur a more sensible energy policy that attempts to moderate consumption rather than constantly seeking new ways to fuel it .
A great deal of the US political reaction has centered on demonizing BP and its leaders , rather than thinking of better ways to balance regulation and innovation .
Americans borrowed and shopped until they were blue in the face , thinking that an ever-rising housing price market would wash away all financial sins .
Those who think that the government should take up the slack in private spending point out that there is an abundance of growth-enhancing projects -- a point that should be obvious to anyone familiar with America 's fraying infrastructure .
Perhaps this was just wishful thinking from a man who will die in prison after his own record-breaking $ 50 billion pyramid scheme collapsed in 2008 .
If one looks at how it has affected financial conditions , including long-term interest rates , volatility , and stock prices , QE looks an awful lot like conventional interest-rate policy , which we think we understand .
Well , imagine you have pneumonia , but you think it is only a bad cold .
Evidently , investors were supposed to infer that for all practical purposes they should think of Spanish and German debt as identical -- the old hubris of the eurozone .
My own sarcastic reaction was to think , `` Oh , now the IMF thinks that some of the core eurozone countries are a default risk . ''
Simply put , Europe and the US control too much power in the IMF , and their thinking is too dominant .
That seems to be the thinking behind the European Commission 's proposed financial transactions tax -LRB- FTT -RRB- -- the Commission 's latest response to Europe 's festering growth and financing problems .
True , great thinkers like John Maynard Keynes and the late Nobel laureate James Tobin floated various ideas for taxing financial transactions as a way to reduce economic volatility .
I can think of one very good reason why the euro needs to fall , and six not-so-convincing reasons why it should remain stable or appreciate .
Visiting Moscow that month , our NATO expert group sought to promote a re-thinking of mutual perceptions .
That means that we must think about how to broaden the application of our commitments to reciprocal transparency to all military forces in Europe -- including conventional and nuclear forces and missile-defense installations .
But if you think that the $ 2 trillion figure is already huge , the latest estimates by my research consultancy RGE Monitor suggest that total losses on loans made by US financial firms and the fall in the market value of the assets they hold -LRB- things like mortgage-backed securities -RRB- will peak at about $ 3.6 trillion .
But a much more profound re-think is needed .
A liberal political order implies a rule of law that recognizes precedents and analogical thinking .
But this reading is largely wishful thinking by those who support secession .
In this case , the mistake is to think that Israel can destroy Hezbollah or eliminate it as a political and military entity .
Its leaders squabbled , regarding themselves as the sole possible rulers and engaging in wishful thinking that some external factor would hand them whatever they wanted .
Kadima is built on Sharon 's charisma and program , which reversed the most basic Israeli strategic thinking of the last half-century .
He did not shy away from stating his views , often reflecting the advice of Keynes : `` Words ought to be a little wild for they are the assault of thoughts on the unthinking '' .
There has been a rethinking of the structure and role of our traditional military alliances , including the North Atlantic Treaty Organization , which is setting up a new NATO Response Force and has moved outside Europe for the first time with the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan .
Most thinkers back then accepted the Arab estimates that the universe was two hundred million miles across , which is enough room to swing quite a few cats -- or Oxford atheists !
But this `` historical '' Conservatism can not survive in the age of globalization , because national-conservative thinking is anachronistic .
Bush might think that America is doing a lot to help overcome these problems , but the truth is that US aid is minimal .
The most shocking statement in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina was President George W. Bush 's remark that `` I do n't think anybody anticipated the breach of the levees '' that protect New Orleans from flooding .
The public is largely unaware of the scientific knowledge we have concerning the threats and risks that we face , and that we can reduce these risks by thinking ahead .
Similarly , the claim that we are headed toward an inevitable clash of civilizations is sheer madness , propounded by people who think the worst of other groups but do n't really know them through personal contact or shared experience .
American newspapers need to publish op-ed pieces not only by Americans `` interpreting '' the Middle East , but also by representative thinkers from the Middle East itself .
Just when one is lulled into thinking that something other than oil is at the root of current US and UK action in Iraq , reality pulls us back .
But the world 's scientists and engineers , as well as global technology leaders such as General Electric , are also sending a clear message : we can solve the problem at modest cost if we put our best thinking and action into real solutions .
The US government does n't really know what it is doing in Africa , because over the years America 's aid agency has been largely emptied of its leading thinkers and strategists .
Exxon and others sponsored misleading journalism and groups that masqueraded as `` think tanks . ''
We are used to thinking about global cooperation in fields such as monetary policy , disease control , or nuclear weapons proliferation .
We are less accustomed to thinking of global cooperation to promote new technologies , such as clean energy , a malaria vaccine , or drought-resistant crops to help poor African farmers .
To a large extent , the US crisis was actually made by the Fed , helped by the wishful thinking of the Bush administration .
We need scientifically literate politicians adept at evidence-based critical thinking to translate these findings and recommendations into policy and international agreements .
In both cases , increases in asset values led US households to think that they had become vastly wealthier , tempting them into a massive increase in their borrowing and spending -- for houses , automobiles , and other consumer durables .
As for the US , the current undeniable pain for millions of people , which will grow next year as unemployment rises , is an opportunity to rethink the economic model adopted since President Ronald Reagan came to office in 1981 .
Before investing hundreds of billions of dollars more in failing military operations , the Obama administration should re-think its policy and lay out a viable strategy to US citizens and the world .
A shift in focus to economic development will save a vast number of lives and convert the unthinkably large economic costs of war into economic benefits through development .
We need to think hard , and collaboratively , about the world 's real technological options , and then pursue a common global framework that allows us to move into a new era , one based on feasible and sustainable technologies for energy , transport , industry , and buildings .
We need to rethink the climate challenge as an opportunity for global brainstorming and cooperation on a series of technological breakthroughs to achieve sustainable development .
We are witnessing a predictable process by ideologues and right-wing think tanks and publications to discredit the scientific process .
In the end , I do n't think they will succeed .
Ban has tirelessly emphasized the need to put sustainable development at the center of our thinking .
The idea of controlling epidemic disease and cutting absolute poverty sharply by 2015 is not naïve idealism , but hard-headed thinking amply supported by the best evidence .
So it is often safer to run with the crowd , even if you think the crowd is running in the wrong direction .
Successful globalization requires that we think more like doctors and less like preachers .
The 1970s embargo was evidently a defining moment in the strategic thinking of Messrs. Cheney and Rumsfeld .
These challenges - petroleum scarcity , growing instability in the Middle East , and climate change - require clear thinking .
How then to think ahead ?
Barbarous thinking comes easily , and right-wingers fuel the fervor , as when Rush Limbaugh said on his radio program `` They 're the ones who are perverted .
I am not saying that the US is more depraved than other countries . What I am saying is that human society , even in the twenty-first century , is capable of sliding into barbaric thinking and action , no matter the level of `` development . ''
`` It does n't matter what people think , '' the powerful cleric Ayatollah Mesbah Yazdi once said . `` The people are ignorant sheep . ''
However , a small but increasing number of conservative thinkers - while not democrats - advocate a more pragmatic and conciliatory approach , essentially adopting the language that once worked so well for the now-beleaguered reformists .
It would be wrong , however , to think that Pakistan is immune from the Muslim world 's Islamist undercurrents .
When we think about medical diagnosis , we usually think in terms of science .
-LRB- In the non-medical area , think of business organizations that regulate trade or educational commissions that accredit schools -RRB- .
Today 's job market demands skills based on problem-solving , critical thinking , modern languages , and technology , but Arab educational systems generally remain traditional , rote-based , and authoritarian .
Leaders may still think that `` another world is possible , '' but , while they use anti-globalization rhetoric , they pursue serious economic policies , even if more out of resignation than conviction .
They think that economic reform is long overdue , and , like others , consider Kim Jong-il 's political system bizarre .
Hence , war initiated by the North , while not unthinkable , seems unlikely .
Contrary to popular opinion , the type of forces and capabilities needed by NATO are not as widely available in national inventories as one might think .
Just as Mao 's portrait has never been taken down from The Gate of Heavenly Peace , so whole elements of his revolution continue to survive in China 's institutions , ways of thinking , and modes of interacting with the world .
That is the most pressing immediate question , but America 's leaders should also be thinking ahead .
Indeed , many Taiwanese think that , if being Chinese means accepting all that goes under the name of Mao Zedong and the Chinese Communist Party , they will gladly deny their `` Chineseness '' than assume some of that shame .
Clearly , Chen 's hatred of dictatorship , whether Communist or KMT , consumed him , limiting his ability to think clearly .
So far , the G-20 's call to `` think globally '' has turned into `` act locally . '' We hope that the G-20 leaders will think systemically at Cannes , and act nationally and cooperatively to defuse the global credit glut minefield .
They object to vast differences in wealth and think large accumulations of it must be the product of theft , not work and risk .
I think they will fail again during Putin 's second term .
In September 2010 , Hu gave a speech in Hong Kong in which he called for new thinking about Chinese democracy .
It is important to start thinking about what changes lay ahead , because it may be harder to agree later on .
As psychologists have shown , people are susceptible to `` wishful thinking bias , '' wishing away possible future problems that they would rather not think about .
Interest rate increases will deliver a fresh dose of reality : the interest expense of owning a home is going to claim a larger share of family budgets , a hard fact that will eventually sink into our thinking .
But if owners of oil reserves think that prices will fall in the long run , they gain an incentive to explore for oil and expand production now in order to sell as much oil as possible before the fall .
All of this may seem obvious , but we tend not to think of oil prices as being determined by expectations of future prices .
Unfortunately , instead of learning how to think in financially sophisticated ways , we still see labor unions in Europe and elsewhere dwelling too much on job security for working people .
We tend to think that new risk-management products , such as novel types of insurance or financial derivatives , will primarily interest the rich , or at least relatively wealthy people .
But when the ultimate determinants of values today become so dependent on a distant future that we can not see clearly , we may not be able to think clearly , either .
We have to look at the reasons that real interest rates were so much higher 10 or 20 years ago , and think about what that means , and we also have to look at the broader history of asset prices and their relation to real interest rates .
This would help reframe public thinking , which is all a government really needs to do .
Despite the unit 's technical-sounding name , people in Chile seem to have learned to think in terms of the UF instead of the peso for important contracts .
Indeed , for the future , it is imperative to think about many new ways , involving both government and the market , to ensure that we manage better the greatest personal risks now faced by workers around the world .
Changes in people 's fundamental ways of thinking are not easily reversed .
Now that we think differently about real estate , we will never be the same again .
At stake with his comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty-first century economy . So we should think hard about what `` speculative capitalism '' means .
Capitalists put their money where they think it can get the highest return ; that is what we call speculation .
But , as I have said in my debates with the authors , if one reads their paper carefully and thinks about the issues , one would see that there is no reason at all to draw such a conclusion .
Most of the popular attention that the `` superstar cities '' theory has received merely reflects the psychology of the housing boom that we have been seeing , as well as a wishful thinking bias .
During a bubble , buyers are relatively undeterred by high prices because they think that even bigger price increases will compensate them for spending too much .
One would think that market prices should be volatile as investors try to absorb what this earnings volatility means .
This was the time of the `` great population scare , '' which transformed thinking worldwide , no doubt contributing to higher commodity prices while the fear lasted .
While it may seem that no image in the last decade was so dramatic as the first photo of the earth from space , think again .
People seemed to think that rapid appreciation in these markets had become a universal constant , like the speed of light .
There is no theory in economics that provides a reason to think that prices in these markets can only go up .
The only insurance that people might think they can afford could carry a large deductible , and if the deductible is very large , people might not feel so reassured by this insurance .
Many people seem to think that the US experience is not generalizable , because the US has so much land relative to its population .
They think that arguments implying that home prices are higher in one country than another are also arguments that the rate of increase in those prices should be higher there .
The kinds of expectations for real estate prices that have informed public thinking during the recent bubbles were often totally unrealistic .
A few years ago Karl Case and I asked random home buyers in US cities undergoing bubbles how much they think the price of their home will rise each year on average over the next ten years .
We used to think that homes were in the same category as automobiles : depreciating assets that grow obsolete over time , are costly to maintain , and go out of style , eventually to be scrapped and replaced .
Now we think of them as claims on increasingly scarce resources in a rapidly growing world , with prices potentially skyrocketing any day .
Although much of this was temporary , we now tend to think of homes as land rather than structures .
Such thinking may be playing a part in the recent rebound of home prices .
But in fact , it is probably more accurate to think of the ups and downs of the world 's housing markets as a reflection of the change in our thinking about housing as an investment .
If so , the volatility in home prices after 2000 was the result of faulty thinking , not of the natural effects of global economic growth , which has occurred at a relatively smooth rate for decades now .
Faulty thinking , in turn , encouraged loose practices by mortgage lenders , and led central banks to take no action against housing bubbles as they developed .
The research by the Reinharts and Rogoff is an expansion and generalization of many people 's informal economic thinking , which often compares the present with stories of major past episodes .
They certainly make one stop and think .
Reinhart and Rogoff describe a `` this time is different syndrome '' during the pre-crisis boom , whereby these bubbles are allowed to continue for far too long , because people think that past episodes are irrelevant .
A bubble forms when the contagion rate goes up for ideas that support a bubble . But contagion rates depend on patterns of thinking , which are difficult to judge .
Given wide publicity about international charitable relief efforts and voluntary contributions to Japan , one might think that the country 's economic loss was shared internationally .
But disasters and economic crises can have a silver lining if they spur fundamental innovation by forcing us to think about how to manage risks in the future .
Could it be that people think that a country becomes insolvent when its debt exceeds 100 % of GDP ?
Most people never think about this when they react to the headline debt-to-GDP figure .
One might be misled into thinking that , because 90 % sounds awfully close to 100 % , awful things start happening to countries that get into such a mess . But if one reads their paper carefully , it is clear that Reinhart and Rogoff picked the 90 % figure almost arbitrarily .
If this is part of the reason that higher debt-to-GDP ratios correspond to lower economic growth , there is less reason to think that countries should avoid a higher ratio , as Keynesian theory implies that fiscal austerity would undermine , rather than boost , economic performance .
To fully comprehend risk , we must stretch our imagination to think of all the different ways that things can go wrong , including things that have not happened in recent memory .
We must protect ourselves against fallacies , such as thinking that just because a risk has not proved damaging for decades , it no longer exists .
What , then , might a woman of Tereshkova 's generation think of the changes during Vladimir Putin 's presidency ?
Indeed , in the wake of the invasion of Georgia , China may be seriously rethinking its relations with Russia .
First , Libya 's TNC is the best bet we can make now for Libya 's future . Its leaders are cooperating in an effort to bring about real reform in a way that was unthinkable a few months ago .
HARGEISA -- Drought , famine , refugees , piracy , and the violence and terrorism endemic to the shattered city of Mogadishu , a capital ruined by civil war : these are the images that flash through peoples ' minds nowadays when they think of the Horn of Africa .
True , many ordinary Europeans do not think that Europe should play an important part in global developments . They believe that foreign policy should be handled by their national governments .
Accumulating money up to a certain amount provides a safeguard against lean times , but today it has become an end in itself , a way of measuring one 's status or success , and a goal to fall back on when we can think of no other reason for doing anything , but would be bored doing nothing .
While they are not vegetarian , some of these columnists say , they are so disgusted with what they have been seeing on television that they have been thinking of giving up meat .
So we should think for ourselves , not just listen to our intuitions .
A few years ago , a research team led by Vikram Patel reported in the British Medical Journal that depression is common in Zimbabwe , where it was often known by a Shona word that means `` thinking too much . ''
They were in their mid-twenties , earning six-figure incomes at an investment company -- more than they needed -- and were thinking about donating money to help make the world a better place .
On average , 59 % say this , with only 19 % thinking that people are treated less equally , and 20 % saying that there has been no change .
In India , although only 53 % say that women have gained greater equality , an additional 14 % say that women now have more rights than men ! -LRB- Presumably , they were thinking only of those females who are not aborted because prenatal testing has shown them not to be male . -RRB-
Christians think we do .
Researchers like Jane Goodall , Diane Fossey , and Birute Galdikas have shown that great apes are thinking , self-aware beings , with rich emotional lives , and thereby prepared the ground for extending basic rights to them .
The Great Ape Project seeks to change the way we think about great apes , and ultimately , about animals in general .
Quite apart from these weak attempts to justify Bush 's statement as `` technically accurate , '' the more serious charge is that even if what Bush said really were technically accurate , it still would have been designed to mislead the world into thinking that Iraq had been trying to buy uranium in Africa .
So French President Nicholas Sarkozy and former British Prime Minister Tony Blair appear to think .
In the newspaper Le Figaro , a section on how to scale back one 's expenses predicted a `` revolution in values '' and claimed that people will put family ahead of work . -LRB- Americans think the French , with their shorter working hours and longer summer vacations , already put family ahead of work . -RRB-
Hence choosing what is bad is a kind of error : people will do it only if they think that it is good .
Moreover , as Elie Hassenfeld has argued on GiveWell.net , there are good grounds for thinking that disaster relief is less cost-effective than aid aimed at saving the lives of those who are risk from extreme poverty .
I realized it was over the line and I think the way I carried on so quickly fooled the referee into thinking it was not over . ''
But even some supporters of open government think Wikileaks goes too far .
Karlan 's research , and the results obtained at stickK , suggests that most people , when they are thinking calmly , have a sense of what is in their interests , but , faced with more immediate temptations , are often unable to keep to their plans .
If we all think only of our own interests , we are headed for collective disaster -- just look at what we are doing to our planet 's climate .
Indeed , a digital universal library would be even better than any earlier thinker could have imagined , because every work would be available to everyone , everywhere , at all times .
Although this view of ethics has often been challenged , many of the objections have come from religious thinkers who appealed to God 's commands . Such arguments have limited appeal in the largely secular world of Western philosophy .
If great thinkers like Immanuel Kant and Jeremy Bentham disagree about what we ought to do , can there really be an objectively true answer to that question ?
Last month , parallel developments on opposite sides of the world gave us grounds for thinking that the world may , slowly and haltingly , be becoming a little more civilized .
Rethinking the sanctions imposed on India in the wake of its nuclear tests has begun , and the sanctions may be lifted soon .
This Greek aphorism often comes to mind when I think of the economic and political changes in my lifetime .
But the European debt crisis will not disappear into thin air by virtue of wishful thinking .
Even Marx knew that the iron laws of economics could not be overcome by wishful thinking .
Nevertheless , Indonesians would be mistaken in thinking that they have nothing to fear .
We think that capital from these countries is increasingly flowing not so much `` uphill '' to developed countries -LRB- as it did over the past five years -RRB- , but rather `` around the hill '' to other emerging markets and poorer developing countries .
In Greenspan 's summary of Schumpeter 's thinking , a `` market economy will incessantly revitalize itself from within by scrapping old and failing businesses and then reallocating resources to newer , more productive ones . '' Greenspan had seen `` this pattern of progress and obsolescence repeat over and over again . ''
As one British official said ahead of the G-20 summit in Italy in July , `` We should start to prepare exit strategies , but we should start implementing them only when -LRB- we -RRB- are sure -LRB- we -RRB- have got a recovery that is entrenched and self-sustaining , and I do n't think anyone is saying we are at that point yet . ''
Here I think Keynes comes closest to answering the question of why his `` enough '' will not , in fact , be enough .
Instead , we should be thinking of ways to restore the patient 's health .
If we do n't , the next one will come sooner than we think .
But he did think that , without external stimulus , recovery from the lowest point would be slow , uncertain , weak , and liable to relapse .
Contrary to Keynes , orthodox economists believe that , after a big shock , economies will `` naturally '' return to their previous rate of growth , provided that governments balance their budgets and stop stealing resources from the private sector . The theory underlying this way of thinking was set out in the July Bulletin of the European Central Bank .
Scholars , think-tankers , and journalists -LRB- both Russian and foreign -RRB- joined political and business leaders to discuss Russia 's future .
The only recent Western political leader I can think of who had the confidence to do this was Bill Clinton .
The alternative view , championed by people such as Igor Yurgens , head of Medvedev 's favorite think tank , The Institute of Contemporary Development , is that democracy is the precondition for economic modernization .
Most Western leaders think naturally in terms of a `` transition to democracy . ''
Experts have always underestimated the expansionary character of American foreign policy , because they think of expansion in old-world terms : conquest , imperialism , and colonialism .
But `` rise '' is how most people think of China 's recent history , and in history the rise of some is usually associated with the decline of others .
For example : on January 1 , 2010 , I think to myself that the game will soon be up for the Greeks .
Public language has thus become the common currency of cultural exchange , and everyone is on notice to mind one 's manners . The result is a multiplication of weasel words that chill political and moral debate , and that create a widening gap between public language and what many ordinary people think .
Classical apocalyptic thinking is certainly alive and well , especially in America , where it feeds on Protestant fundamentalism , and is mass marketed with all the resources of modern media .
In secularized , pseudo-scientific form , apocalyptic thinking has also been at the core of revolutionary politics .
But apocalyptic thinking distorts the scientific debate and makes it harder to explain the causes and consequences of this fact , which in turn makes it harder to know how to deal with it .
The movement united ten million people : workers and professors , peasants and students , priests and freethinkers among them -- all of civil society .
After bruising enlargement negotiations and internal differences over Iraq , and with similar divisions surrounding the new EU constitution and the common European foreign and defense policy , one might well think just that .
Its thinking goes beyond the dominant , unilateral paradigm of its predecessor and includes a defense of international law .
Within the framework of multilateralism , countries must make the effort to smooth over their differences and deepen their relations : we must conquer the inertia that moves us towards old thinking -- and old alliances .
MADRID\/WASHINGTON , DC -- As revolutionary change sweeps across the Arab world , it is easy to think that now is not the time to push for peace between Israel and Palestine .
Until the dust settles on the new Middle East , the old roadmaps seem dated , and conventional wisdom holds that progress toward a peace agreement in the face of regional upheaval is wishful thinking .
Everyone needs to start thinking differently about the Middle East .
Of course , such a rebalancing is unthinkable today , for both political and economic reasons .
Indeed , when Europeans think about reforming global governance , they limit themselves to numbers of seats and voting weights in international bodies .
Indeed , no French president would ever think of exporting democracy . As former President Jacques Chirac said : to impose democracy in Arab countries means that you despise their cultural differences .
That fact casts doubt on Karl Popper 's concept of open society , which is based on the recognition that , while perfect knowledge is unattainable , we can gain a better understanding of reality by engaging in critical thinking .
It is difficult to think of a scheme where the cost\/benefit ratio is so favorable .
But markets are subject to imbalances that individual participants may ignore if they think they can offload their positions on someone else .
People want to return to business as usual -- and to think of the Crash of 2008 as a bad dream .
Of course , this is purely hypothetical because if Germany were to leave the euro the political consequences would be unthinkable .
But the thought experiment may be useful in preventing the unthinkable from actually happening .
Thinking the Unthinkable in Europe
NEW YORK -- To resolve a crisis in which the impossible has become possible , it is necessary to think the unthinkable .
But this presupposes a radical change of heart , particularly in Germany . The German public still thinks that it has a choice about whether to support the euro .
By acknowledging itself as finite and limited , society could think of itself as also sanctioned by God .
One could think of it as a stabilization tax that becomes negative in downturns .
Well , it depends on what one thinks the alternative is .
What is remarkable about this is that some of QE2 's most prominent cheerleaders actually think that wherever new demand shows up is fine and dandy .
I do n't think such a tax would significantly impact market liquidity , but even if it did , a nudge towards buying and holding might not be such a bad thing .
On the contrary , Ukraine is closer to being a `` state nation '' than many people think .
There is much more thinking to be done . Now is the time to do it .
If policymakers are to address today 's problems , they must think more broadly .
The world needs to rethink the sources of growth .
Those countries without such programs might think about instituting them .
If this could be done quickly -LRB- which I think it could -RRB- , such facilities could be an important channel for disbursing funds .
I think this judgment is wrong .
I think the Obama administration has succumbed to political pressure and scare-mongering by the big banks . As a result , the administration has confused bailing out the bankers and their shareholders with bailing out the banks .
Just as the crisis has reinvigorated thinking about the need for regulation , so it has given new impetus to the exploration of alternative strands of thought that would provide better insights into how our complex economic system functions -- and perhaps also to the search for policies that might avert a recurrence of the recent calamity .
Its only commitment is to `` new economic thinking , '' in the broadest sense .
We are accustomed to thinking of government transferring money from the well off to the poor .
Given the difficulty of coming up with even $ 10 billion a year -- let alone the $ 200 billion a year that is needed for mitigation and adaptation -- it is wishful thinking to expect an agreement along these lines .
-LRB- Since it began revaluing its exchange rate in July 2005 , the adjustment has been half or more of what most experts think is required . -RRB-
Regrettably , it is far from clear that it has changed its thinking and models , which failed to maintain the economy on an even keel before -- and are certain to fail again .
And the US Federal Reserve 's `` quantitative easing '' -LRB- QEII -RRB- made the demise of the ideology of unfettered markets inevitable : money goes to where markets think returns are highest .
But it is a bit late for the ECB to describe debt restructuring as `` unthinkable . ''
The ECB should have done some thinking before it let this state of affairs arise .
Indeed , more than thinking , it should have done some regulating to prevent Europe 's banks from becoming so vulnerable .
Now the ECB needs to think about how to help everyone , not just the bankers who bought the bonds .
The new thinking should put people first , and banks ' shareholders and bondholders second .
It pays to think before acting .
I think this is a risky strategy ; if a strong US recovery is not around the corner , then Europe needs to act on its own , using the standard counter-cyclical tools of monetary and fiscal policy .
So the next time you hear rumblings in the legislature of an emerging democratic country against this or that `` technocratic '' proposal , think twice before dismissing the deputies ' doubts as populist rants .
In other realms , however , we are only beginning to think about what corporate responsibility should mean for our legal system .
But it is to be hoped that the West 's legal systems will provide an alternative recourse , one that will not only partially redress past injustices , but provide incentives for corporations to think twice before profiting from brutal regimes in the future .
After criticizing the East Asian countries for a lack of transparency , the IMF acknowledged that it , too , was insufficiently transparent , and made reforms -- though sometimes it seems that it thinks that a better Web site is a substitute for real transparency .
Although that opportunity has passed , I still think that it will be far easier to address this problem now than , say , in another decade .
This record suggests that one should think twice before trying shock therapy again .
Whatever one thinks of the many concrete suggestions made by the Commission , this much is clear : we need a more inclusive debate about globalization , one in which more voices are heard , and in which there is more focus on the social dimensions of globalization . This is a message the world would do well to heed , lest discontent with globalization continue to grow .
Germany will be sadly disappointed if it thinks that by veering in the direction of economic conservatism , it will rise out of its current doldrums .
But there is , I think , an even deeper reason for concerns about outsourcing of , say , hi-tech jobs to India : it destroys the myth - which has been a central tenet of the globalization debate in the US and other advanced industrial countries - that workers should not be afraid of globalization .
But if one really thinks that free lunches exist , there is still no reason to privatize : government could get the additional returns by investing in the stock market itself .
Wolfensohn 's campaign against corruption also represented a major change in thinking , a shift from downsizing the state to improving the State .
Still , there was a second risk : that the world would think that the agreement itself had accomplished the objectives of a development round set forth at Doha , with trade negotiators then turning once again to making the next round as unfair as previous rounds .
The Tyranny of King Cotton Americans like to think that if poor countries simply open up their markets , greater prosperity will follow .
Exxon has reportedly been funding so-called think tanks to undermine confidence in the science of global warming , just as the tobacco industry funded `` research '' to question the validity of statistical findings showing the link between smoking and cancer .
Economic integration , it was hoped , would lead to greater understanding , underpinned by the myriad interactions that inevitably flow from commerce . Increased interdependence would make conflict unthinkable .
Too many people think of economics as a zero-sum game , and that China 's success is coming at the expense of the rest of the world .
It is hard to believe that he will stay on much longer at the World Bank , and it is time to start thinking more closely about the future of that institution .
I can think of no better way to restore confidence in these two venerable institutions than to finally open up the way their presidents are selected .
Do you think countries that are corrupt should be cut off from funding ?
Do you think the World Bank should do more to encourage countries to adopt core labor standards ?
For those who think that a well-managed globalization has the potential to benefit both developed and developing countries , and who believe in global social justice and the importance of democracy -LRB- and the vibrant middle class that supports it -RRB- , all of this is bad news .
We must also think ahead -- especially in regard to low-income countries in Africa .
But , as the Great Moderation metastasized into the Great Recession , fatal flaws in conventional thinking came to light . One of the most notable was just how poorly we grasped the linkages between the financial system and the broader economy -- as well as the linkages between countries .
Although the numbers were never as rosy as market enthusiasts seemed to think , they did divert attention away from the shaky foundations of the newfound prosperity .
Rethinking Poverty Reduction NEW YORK -- Last year , the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization announced that the number of hungry people in the world increased over the last decade .
Many observers consider QE2 a blunt instrument that is unlikely to achieve its objectives , although it may weaken the dollar , which many think will redress recurrent US trade deficits .
Some voters are beginning to think that their cherished European welfare state may be to blame .
Of course , most European countries need to rethink the foundations of their welfare state .
The point is that , despite the excesses of 1999-2000 , the economic difficulties of the last two years , and the tendency to think of the technology boom of the 1990 's as mere hype , the US underwent deep structural changes in its economy during that decade .
Since the new information technologies are easily available in all advanced countries , one would think that productivity would have accelerated everywhere , not just in the US .
China first opened its economic system to the rest of the world , and only now is it thinking -LRB- a bit too slowly -RRB- about political reform .
But , despite the grim parallel , Japan 's government does not seem to think that it needs to take the problem seriously .
Indeed , any Japanese who thinks that complacency is an option should look to Argentina .
I think this view is too optimistic , because I suspect that the government wants to finance its new expenditure with a tax hike .
It thinks it is essential to locate refineries , industries , and additional energy-generating units in parts of the country that are both suited for such development and in need of it .
Instead of thinking what Ahtisaari deemed unthinkable , a partition of Kosovo with a small part of the north going to Serbia and the rest linked to the Kosovars ethnic brethren in Albania or a separate state , the US plans to act without the UN 's blessing , arguing that only an independent Kosovo will bring stability to the Western Balkans .
But President Barack Obama 's administration has yet to decide which format it thinks best .
He is a great thinker , whose advice is always disastrous to follow .
This is a classic example of what I call `` block thinking , '' which seems to have made huge strides in Europe in recent years .
Block thinking fuses a varied reality into one indissoluble unity , and in two ways .
Block thinking is an age-old phenomenon , and we all do it to some degree .
But , while in another age we might have been indulgent about its consequences , today it has explosive potential , because people who think in this manner are prime recruits for seeing the world in terms of Samuel Huntington 's theory of the `` clash of civilizations . ''
By treating all the varied segments of Islam as nothing more than parts of a unified threat to the West , they make it harder for Muslims to stand out and criticize their own block thinkers -- people like Osama bin Laden , who are building their own unified enemy , composed of `` Christians and Jews . ''
Block thinkers on each side give aid and comfort to block thinkers on the other side , and with each exchange they pull us closer toward an abyss .
But explaining that to block thinkers will never have the impact of a real connection to the multi-faceted discourse that is actually taking place on the other side .
The global economic crisis and new fears of US protectionism have motivated India to rethink its attitude toward the Doha Development Round .
Such think tanks at the European level must remain free and independent , but leaders must learn to pay attention to and integrate their recommendations into the policy-making process .
Indians like to think we can hold our own against the best in the world in any field : our Kalidasa can stand up to their Shakespeare , our Ramanujan to their Einstein , our Bollywood to their Hollywood and , these days , our Infosys to their Microsoft .
India 's Israel Envy NEW DELHI -- As Israeli planes and tanks exact a heavy toll on Gaza , India 's leaders and strategic thinkers have been watching with an unusual degree of interest -- and some empathy .
And , at the end of the day , one chilling fact would prevent India from thinking that it could use Israel 's playbook : the country that condones , if not foments , the terror attacks on India is a nuclear power .
NEW DELHI -- In July , I was among 30 men and women from around the world -- government ministers , bureaucrats , technologists , and strategic thinkers -- who gathered at the International Telecommunications Union -LRB- ITU -RRB- in Geneva to discuss how broadband can transform the world for the better .
Indeed , economic development nowadays requires more than thinking only of the poverty line ; one must also think of the high-speed digital line , the fiber-optic line -- indeed , all the lines that exclude those who are not plugged into the possibilities of our world .
The Dissident and the Mahatma NEW DELHI -- With the Nobel Peace Prize presented this month in the absence of this year 's laureate , the imprisoned Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo , it might be wise to think of a man who never won the prize : Mahatma Gandhi .
With such endorsements , however , expectations are high , and India 's government will have to think about how they can best be fulfilled .
All are matters that call for creative and courageous thinking that transcends entrenched positions or reflexive solidarity with `` non-aligned '' countries .
When I joined the UN , it was almost unthinkable for the organization to take sides between democracy and dictatorship , or to seek to intervene in members ' internal affairs .
Ethnic and social groups , activated by an intense , politicized agenda , may think in zero-sum terms , but they can not advance their interests without positive-sum compromises .
In the heat of the campaign for the referendum , I think we forgot to ask how replacing the old constitution would change our lives .
I like to think about this coming revolution in historical terms .
Given the phenomenal rate at which science advances these days , it is not too early to start thinking about how we are going to handle this awesome new responsibility .
The same sort of thinking holds true in military\/strategic affairs .
We have become so accustomed to thinking of free trade as a specialist matter for liberal economists and trade negotiators in dark suits that we forget how a century ago , free trade was a core belief for many democrats , radicals , women activists , and , indeed , organized labor .
At this point Rogozin is the most freethinking and freedom-loving politician in Russia .
Good government also requires sharing a vision of the future -- the purposes and thinking behind public policies -- with the community .
The Kremlin thinks that now is the time to buy assets cheaply , using the current financial crisis to emerge as a powerful global economic player .
More importantly , protesters are demanding that the government resign -- unthinkable just a year ago .
It is not unthinkable that management will simply ignore the boards .
Such thinking reflects an age-old fear : as Plato put it , citizens would get '' information without proper instruction and , in consequence , be thought very knowledgeable when they are for the most part quite ignorant . '' It is a fear that has echoed down through history ever since , from the Catholic Church cursing Gutenberg 's movable type to the Victorian bourgeois complaining of the newly discovered freedom of the press .
We are right , they are left ; we think this , they think that : condensed narratives fit easily on a newspaper 's front page or into the tighter constraints of broadcast journalism .
For , while the simplified pre-crisis conventional wisdom appeared to provide a complete set of answers resting on a unified intellectual system and methodology , really good economic thinking must provide multiple partial insights , based on varied analytical approaches .
They will be too busy thinking about themselves to worry about him or to cause trouble .
The way to deal with uncertainty and complex situations is to think clearly and act decisively , not cut deals that place Ukraine 's future in the hands of shadowy businesses .
Alas , this view is based more on wishful-thinking than on reality .
To believe that such a vision can work for Russia , Ukraine , and Europe is not wishful thinking , but rests on the successful experience of France and Germany in promoting amity .
I am not one of those people who think Russia is so naturally collectivist that free trade and an open economy can not work there .
Current EU thinking , however , holds that Ukraine should be placed in the same framework as countries in North Africa and the Middle East .
America 's success is to a great extent based on this kind of thinking .
If European countries are to emerge stronger from the current crisis , they need to think bigger and put more faith , not less , in the collective enterprise that is the EU .
George Soros 's recent book on the credit crisis is a good example of this line of thinking .
After all , this minority is one of thinkers -- musicians , artists , and writers , and those who move forward Russian science , technology , and economic innovation .
Such people can not be dismissed as useless , since we need the innovation that they deliver , even if we think Russia does n't need democracy .
True , not all members of the thinking minority attend the dissenters ' marches , yet many more of them silently oppose the regime .
The thinking minority needs a system of laws and institutions , real presidential elections , a working parliament , and justice that is independent , rather than merely following orders from above .
Its links to international extremist Islamic groups require that governments review and re-think how they respond to it .
Likewise , loose or quirky thinking that is not now a disorder but indicates an increased risk of developing a psychotic disorder would be classified as a `` psychotic risk disorder . ''
Similarly , screening for loose , eccentric thinking yields mostly individuals who never become psychiatrically disordered .
College counselors apparently did not think that the suspect met this demanding threshold .
Those of us who have been playing a role in the birth and maturation of this grand experiment in international justice urge the UN to think hard before detouring from the proud tradition left by eminent Nuremberg prosecutors Robert Jackson and Telford Taylor , and by the first three ICTY prosecutors .
Different traditions in tactical and strategic thinking also matter -- to say nothing of the unique way Europeans forged their current cooperative arrangements out of aggressive nation-states that shared a common civilization .
His thinking has become more adventurous and he has moved on to tackling the world of cyberspace and multimedia corridors .
But in the European way of thinking , democracy must be spread pacifically , by persuasion , not by force of arms .
But , while America thinks in terms of networks , the rest of the world is busy connecting circuits .
Many Americans -- think of the Tea Party 's adherents , for example -- fear that something similar is happening to their own country .
Rather , it is about developing a way of thinking about a discipline that reflects a particular perception of how `` knowledge '' is established , its extent and limitations , how it describes nature , and how it can be usefully applied in a variety of contexts .
Developing such a way of thinking is a profoundly different experience from learning a set of facts , and requires very different teaching skills .
Over the course of several decades , however , an enormous intellectual shift occurred in how people came to think about the practice of medicine .
There is little reason to think that the adoption of a more scientific approach to science education will be much easier .
Imagine a race of intelligent fish that start to think deeply about the world .
The classes also include basic education about our moods , and several exercises from cognitive therapy that show the links between thinking and feeling and how participants can best look after themselves when a crisis threatens to overwhelm them .
It helps break the normal link between negative mood and negative thinking .
But it should also be thinking ahead about how it can demonstrate a stronger commitment to security , democracy , and prosperity in the European `` neighborhood . ''
Meanwhile , New York was growing impatient , letting the Palestinian team know that their segments were late -- and , under what was essentially a military occupation , the Palestinians began to rethink whether this was the right kind of project to which to devote their energies .
And , more importantly , when you choose your own miniskirt and halter top -- in a Western culture in which women are not so free to age , to be respected as mothers , workers or spiritual beings , and to disregard Madison Avenue -- it 's worth thinking in a more nuanced way about what female freedom really means .
But I do n't think any of those reasons , however compelling each one is , provide the strongest explanation of why Obama chose Hillary .
I think he chose her because he understands that , even as President of the United States , he is truly a citizen of a global community -- one to which he is accountable and with which he is in an interdependent relationship .
But this thinking is based on a fallacy .
One theory is that , in the thousands of years that dogs have lived with humans , they have become attuned to human ways of thinking .
If a reform is as good as we think it is , then so is public debt to finance its political acceptability .
But even that may be wishful thinking .
Mainstream thinking , known as the Chinese School , insists , with the government , on `` Marxism with Chinese characteristics '' as the bedrock principle of China 's foreign policy .
Early Confucian thinkers were writing in a world of small countries competing ruthlessly for territorial advantage .
Thus , thinkers such as Mencius , Confucius 's leading intellectual heir , argued that humane authorities should punish immoral rulers in other states who tyrannize their people .
China 's policy toward Libya , which differs significantly from previous policy , may or may not have been shaped by it ; nevertheless , we can not rule out the possibility of it becoming the mainstream of thinking in Chinese foreign-policy circles in the near future .
According to early Confucian thinkers , a key task for rulers is to strive to improve a peoples ' happiness , which is itself grounded in a moral way of life .
Most commentators appear to think that Bush 's latest prescription -- a surge of 20,000 additional troops to suppress the militias in Baghdad -- will , at best , merely postpone the inevitable death of his dream of a democratic Iraq .
If the EU mission is to compete successfully against Lebanon 's Islamists and populists , it must start thinking seriously about a social agenda that appeals to the poor .
But healing Lebanon 's wounds requires finding the means to offer alienated Shia what they want and need most , and not what outsiders think they should want or need .
But this thinking is tremendously shortsighted .
More fundamentally , no one should think that North Korea 's totalitarian communist system can be changed overnight .
Indeed , the idea of warfare on the Korean peninsula should be unthinkable , given the grotesque levels of deaths that it would likely cause .
Since the effects of climate change have been observed in many areas around the world , thinking about mitigation makes sense everywhere .
Such thinking motivated US President Woodrow Wilson 's desire to establish the League of Nations after World War I , and it also underlay President Franklin Roosevelt 's push to create the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions after World War II .
More radical thinkers insist that California is ungovernable and should be broken into two or even three states .
That view , a residue of Marxist thinking , is wrong .
Fortunately , Chinese thinking on North Korea nowadays is no longer monolithic .
When embedded in new and unfamiliar settings , our habitual ways of thinking , feeling , and acting no longer function to sustain the moral compass that has guided us reliably in the past .
We must teach people , especially our children , to think of themselves as `` heroes-in-waiting , '' ready to take heroic action in a particular situation that may occur only once in their lifetime .
But we think that an over-diagnosis rate of more than 50 % crosses the clinical significance threshold .
I think that what leads them to behave this way is not lack of knowledge , but perverse incentives .
