So the regime is making a fatal error if it thinks that its old diversionary tactics will continue to provide it with immunity .
But if one thinks in terms of universal norms of human rights , what right has Turkey to dictate internal development in another country ?
- It is essential to understand how your opponent thinks and to keep lines of communication open .
No one yet thinks that Chad is that country .
Indeed , Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has many projects for which he thinks the Vatican can be of help , particularly in advancing the cause of reconciliation and creating a `` partnership between civilizations . ''
Whatever one thinks of laws against spreading hatred or insulting people , the law remains a blunt instrument when it came to matters of speech .
He thinks that Europe is in peril of being `` Islamized . '' `` There will soon be more mosques than churches , '' he says , if true Europeans do n't have the guts to stand up and save Western civilization .
The European Union thinks differently ; in its economic cooperation and free trade agreement with Mexico , for example , it insisted on -- and achieved -- the inclusion of a `` democracy clause '' that made its economic benefits conditional on ongoing respect for democratic rule and human rights .
The European Union thinks differently ; in its economic cooperation and free trade agreement with Mexico , for example , it insisted on -- and achieved -- the inclusion of a `` democracy clause '' that made its economic benefits conditional on ongoing respect for democratic rule and human rights .
But recent polls show that Taiwanese attitudes towards China have changed markedly , and that more and more people are less concerned about what China thinks .
Ralf Dahrendorf thinks that both sides of the Atlantic need to look beyond the trivial and rediscover the common interests and values of the West .
These jokes all seem to rely on the same assumption : everyone thinks that knowledge , especially scientific knowledge , should be useful .
But nobody thinks that idea worth fighting a war over .
In modern biotechnology , Boyle thinks , things previously outside the market-once thought to be impossible to commodify-are becoming routinely privatized .
Indeed , due to the wealth of terrorist groups engaged in drug dealing , Erhard Busek , the Coordinator of the EU 's Stability Pact for the former Yugoslavia , thinks that the chance of peace in Macedonia will be a mere 50 % once this winter 's snows thaw .
Indeed , no one thinks that the US economy is deeply unstable : there are no banking problems , there is no real estate problem , there is no mass unemployment , there is no inflation holding the Fed back from cutting interest rates .
It is hard to imagine that anyone thinks of goodness as a problem , but Charles Darwin did .
Rather than slavishly copy the United States , I think most countries should have a chief information officer -- someone who thinks about information as an agent of change , not just as an agent of efficiency .
Whatever one thinks of those measures , taking counter-cyclical policy action is almost always better than doing nothing when an economy is overheating .
The generation ruling in Berlin today increasingly thinks in national rather than European terms .
Whatever one thinks of the settlers , they , in their daily routine , are not engaged in a pattern of threatening to kill or assault anyone .
But anyone who thinks that my ideas constitute the intellectual foundation for the Bush administration 's policies has not been paying attention to what I have been saying since 1992 about democracy and development .
Today 's Kremlin thinks that democracy was being built too quickly in Russia .
It is time for Europe to adjust the way that it thinks about nationality , cultural roots , and how it deals with immigrants .
For Americans -LRB- and others -RRB- who believe that the Arab world thinks about nothing but the Palestinian cause , events this spring in North Africa , the Arabian Peninsula , and even the Levant should have convinced them otherwise .
Whatever one thinks of American military intervention , one must concede that it has altered the region 's dynamics .
And crises are repeated in different regions , triggered by strikingly similar economic and financial mechanisms , though the details of course differ . As Carmen Reinhart and Ken Rogoff have written , everyone near a financial crisis thinks `` This time is different . ''
Everyone thinks of the horse that can be led to water , but can not be made to drink .
The US wants the world to embark on macroeconomic stimulus programs , and thinks that the complicated task of reinventing and reordering financial supervision and regulation can wait .
If we can all work together -- Afghanistan , Pakistan , India , the United States , and our allies -- I see a possibility of moving beyond the days when a government thinks it needs extremism as an instrument of policy .
No one thinks it is possible anymore for an individual to grasp , fully , all areas of science and technology .
They want the Supreme Leader to allow the president to issue warnings to both the parliament and the judiciary if he thinks they have overstepped their authority , thereby subordinating the Larijani brothers .
As is usual with this ex-KGB man , Putin is being cunning about Ukraine , but he is deluding himself if he thinks that siding with Yanukovich will bring back effective Russian overlordship of Ukraine .
Russia 's chief modernizer and protégé of President Dmitri Medvedev , Igor Yurgens of the Institute of Contemporary Development , thinks in much the same way .
The inferiority complex of Russia 's derzhavniki -LRB- advocates of a powerful , effective state -RRB- reflects only weakness , not strength . It is similar to the fanatic feelings of a mouse who thinks that there is nothing more fearful than a cat .
Wolfgang Munchau of The Financial Times thinks French rejection of the EU constitution could sink the euro .
Yet everyone thinks that the country 's independence will be lost in an instant when farms can be sold to other Europeans , a condition of EU membership .
The death of Pope John Paul II was not unexpected , and his immense influence on the modern world will be judged and commented on by everybody who thinks that he has something to say .
But Ehrlich bets what he thinks will be the economic gains that we and our descendants might enjoy against the unborn 's very lives .
Expert in internal repression but utterly incompetent in military strategy , Saddam Hussein thinks that he can fight and win .
But what is it that we must believe when each branch of Islam thinks the other one is wrong ?
Kadyrov thinks that the referendum results put him squarely on the path to securing the Chechen presidency for himself .
In a deeper way , Sarkozy 's diplomacy reflects changes in how the French President thinks about the idea of `` the West '' in today 's globalized world .
In this respect , Vilks ' work must be regarded as having succeeded in exposing moral double standards -- no matter what one thinks of the drawing itself .
In the meantime , China 's mercantilist misunderstanding of markets means that it often overpays for what it mistakenly thinks is energy security .
They were like a young boy with a hammer who thinks that every problem resembles a nail .
He thinks that the Indian economy will be bigger than Britain 's in a decade and bigger than Japan 's in two .
The real trouble begins when one thinks that the hammer might be the right solution for headaches , too .
While the revelation may appear merely to be a historical footnote , more profoundly it raises new uncertainty about whether Israel now thinks that it can rely on the United States to apply military force to stop Iran 's nuclear program should diplomacy fail .
Whatever one thinks of him , in international affairs Blair was a leader of consequence .
This change in motivation requires changes in how the Union thinks about itself , changes that go beyond the ideas now circulating at the convention drawing up an EU constitution .
The central bank does need to have a view , updated over time , about the exchange rate 's appropriate range , and it should signal when it thinks the currency is moving in the wrong direction .
My own sarcastic reaction was to think , `` Oh , now the IMF thinks that some of the core eurozone countries are a default risk . ''
But , as I have said in my debates with the authors , if one reads their paper carefully and thinks about the issues , one would see that there is no reason at all to draw such a conclusion .
But this presupposes a radical change of heart , particularly in Germany . The German public still thinks that it has a choice about whether to support the euro .
Well , it depends on what one thinks the alternative is .
After criticizing the East Asian countries for a lack of transparency , the IMF acknowledged that it , too , was insufficiently transparent , and made reforms -- though sometimes it seems that it thinks that a better Web site is a substitute for real transparency .
Whatever one thinks of the many concrete suggestions made by the Commission , this much is clear : we need a more inclusive debate about globalization , one in which more voices are heard , and in which there is more focus on the social dimensions of globalization . This is a message the world would do well to heed , lest discontent with globalization continue to grow .
Germany will be sadly disappointed if it thinks that by veering in the direction of economic conservatism , it will rise out of its current doldrums .
But if one really thinks that free lunches exist , there is still no reason to privatize : government could get the additional returns by investing in the stock market itself .
Indeed , any Japanese who thinks that complacency is an option should look to Argentina .
It thinks it is essential to locate refineries , industries , and additional energy-generating units in parts of the country that are both suited for such development and in need of it .
But President Barack Obama 's administration has yet to decide which format it thinks best .
The Kremlin thinks that now is the time to buy assets cheaply , using the current financial crisis to emerge as a powerful global economic player .
But , while America thinks in terms of networks , the rest of the world is busy connecting circuits .
