The West thought it had moved on after the fall of the Soviet empire , but the region -- and increasingly the global community -- continues to pay a heavy price for this unholy project .
But thousands of fighters are thought to be dispersed in the Pashtun tribal areas of Pakistan , with many of them focused on operations in Afghanistan .
The power to tax is thought to make government debt safer : private borrowers have no right to the profits or wages that they need to satisfy their obligations .
Pakistani-style dress has become common , as is the long hair that is thought to resemble the style of the Prophet Mohammad .
That is why Europeans should hope that the wave of corporate restructuring and reformation , which many thought would follow inevitably in the wake of the creation of the single market , begins to crest across the Continent and change the way businesses are run .
Indeed , the French press thought the ambassador a victim of Britain 's tabloid press , not of his contemptible sentiments .
When European unification was launched , it was thought that `` ever closer union '' would establish a community that would protect Europeans from political blackmail .
How perfect , I thought , as I imagined Russia 's president climbing the stairs to the attic of his palace to play the role of Peter the Great .
Hence , the legislation was passed without any second thought or discussion -- and Russians are now facing the consequences .
This will mean starting to imagine -- without panic or rush , and with all the care and thoughtfulness that this conversation requires -- a global civics .
The cheated presidential candidates , both veterans of the revolution , instinctively thought of a replay of history .
Indeed , Egypt 's former Mufti , Sheikh Nasr Farid Wasil , has already declared Bin Laden a martyr , `` because he was killed by the hands of the enemy . '' -LRB- Sheikh Wasil , it should be made known , has no links or known sympathies for Al Qaeda and he represents a very different Islamic school of thought . -RRB-
One premise underlies this entire line of thought : to imagine that there is a democratic alternative to Saddam , or that once he disappears there will be a democratic transition in Iraq , is to entertain dangerous illusions .
The minister went on to explain that peace in Europe is today embedded in this realization : if East European countries had thought that millions of ethnic Germans would like to return , `` the Iron Curtain would have never come down . ''
All this may run contrary to conventional wisdom , but who thought that the USSR would disintegrate ?
What was articulated was a levelheaded and sophisticated exposé , seldom heard from policymakers : it was thoughtful , honest , and breath-taking .
Today 's discussions about a limited missile shield and the threat of nuclear blackmail from rogue states should be analyzed in the light of this terrible but realistic thought .
He insisted on being consulted by the Bush administration on US plans , and when some in Washington thought aloud about taking on Iraq after Afghanistan , the Prime Minister registered a clear veto .
Whoever thought that NATO - that most successful expression of transatlantic solidarity - had found new cohesion after the divisive Iraq crisis should visit the alliance 's headquarters .
Little of this , however , is the result of design , for -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- we in Poland have not thought through what sort of foreign policy we need as a member of NATO and putative member of the European Union .
So , when the leaders of France and the Netherlands -- pro-constitution to a fault -- asked their people what they thought about the Union , they received a clear echo of their own message : the people did not like the reforms , and they did not like the `` Brussels bureaucrats , '' constitution or no constitution .
Indeed , she looks more like a Korean Margaret Thatcher -- a lady not for turning , in Thatcher 's famous phrase , and with clearly thought-through political principles animating her actions .
But few people have thought through what a politically united Europe might look like .
We are bad listeners and air our views whether or not we have thought deeply about them .
They must learn that critical thought is valuable , and that doubt is healthy .
Though Lebanon has not conducted a reliable census in decades , its population is thought to be about 30 % Sunni Muslim , 30 % Shia Muslim , and 30 % Christian , with Druze and others accounting for the rest .
Given the easy availability of these technologies , their ability to catalyze protest might transcend borders once thought impregnable .
I was interested in the nervous system , and thought it important to study it in a way that it could be summarized in the form of a wiring diagram .
Traditionally , the Netherlands has thought of itself as the smallest of the EU 's large member states .
He re-surfaced in Vienna recovering from what at first was thought to be food poisoning .
And this was not the only crisis in which the military leadership seemed to be doing what the public thought was right .
The Jalaluddin Haqqani group , which was allowed to base itself in a sanctuary in Pakistan 's North Waziristan tribal agency , was one such ally that Pakistan 's government thought could be used to further its interests in Afghanistan .
They did n't care what the commissars thought . They wanted to dance to their own tunes .
In these dying days of serious newspaper journalism , slick television shows , packaged by highly-paid anchormen -- who never utter an original thought themselves , and would never expect a politician to do so -- are the only venues where professional politicians feel secure enough to `` face '' the public .
But that was not what many people thought at the time .
A multi-polar world , many thought , would be vastly preferable to more Pax Americana .
Of course , multiculturalism 's more thoughtful advocates never imagined that a cultural community could or should substitute for a political community .
And they , too , are thought to have superhuman powers when it comes to making money .
Lessons from Tiananmen NEW YORK -- It is a chilling thought that exactly twenty years after the `` Tiananmen Massacre '' few young citizens of the People 's Republic of China have much idea of what happened on that occasion .
One strong school of thought that emerged almost as soon as the killing began in 1989 , is that the more radical student leaders had been reckless .
Mousavi was regarded by many Iranians as a second chance . Unfortunately , Khamenei thought so , too , and made sure that Ahmadinejad held onto his presidency .
Some thought this system would last forever .
Not a huge problem , one might have thought .
A few decades ago , it was Japan that thought it was going to be Number One , and its businessmen , politicians , and bureaucrats were not shy about letting the rest of the world know .
At least one Palestinian gentleman thought not .
The US has supported police states in Egypt , Saudi Arabia , and Central Asia , because the alternative is thought to be worse .
The Holocaust was not the main issue at stake in the Nuremberg Trials . Nevertheless , the allies thought that the Nazi project of exterminating an entire people called for an entirely new legal approach , to ensure that such an atrocity would never happen again .
They reacted against a rather smug liberal establishment that tended to dismiss all critical thought about immigration or non-Western faiths and traditions as racism and bigotry .
This would not be in anyone 's interest , so we should wish China well in 2008 , while sparing a thought for all the dissidents , democrats , and free spirits languishing in labor camps and prisons .
This requires sensitive debate , thoughtful leadership , and financial assistance to keep girls in school .
Still , winning is better than losing , and Mexico is better off today than it was yesterday , when many thought the left-of-center populist contender , Andrés Manuel López Obrador , would receive a thumping endorsement from the electorate .
According to exit polls , 60 % of Mexico 's voters who thought that things had improved over the past year voted for Calderón ; 60 % of those who approve of President Vicente Fox -LRB- who in turn has a 65 % approval rate -RRB- , chose Calderón as well .
When democracy came , everyone -- Zedillo , Fox , this writer , and many more - thought that the same institutions would remain functional , despite a radically different context .
But it was not enough to win an election that López Obrador and his backers thought was in the bag .
Fox and his team thought that the mechanisms that worked during the authoritarian period could simply be transferred to the democratic era and function smoothly .
After the failure of President George W. Bush 's and Senator Edward Kennedy 's comprehensive immigration reform effort last spring , most observers thought the matter would remain dormant until 2009 , since even touching it was potentially fatal for Democrats and Republicans alike .
When asked what he thought , Lula practically blamed the hunger striker for his death .
Some -- including me , up to a point -- might have thought that once democracy had taken hold in the region , the disproportionate political weight of painters , writers , poets , and musicians would begin to decline ; they would no longer be the voice of the voiceless , because the voiceless now had a voice of their own .
A contemporary non-medical writer described the qualities of intense pain as including extreme unpleasantness , an ability to annihilate complex thoughts and other feelings , an ability to destroy language , and a strong resistance to objectification .
For many years , scientists thought that these signals traveled along a few well-defined routes to reach a relay station in the brain called the thalamus .
Psychologists are quick to point out that whenever humans experience strong emotions , cognitions -- thoughts , memories , expectations , beliefs , and interpretation of the situation -- help form the experience .
I responded , `` I thought the high oil and iron ore prices had made Brazil boom ... Why has n't Brazil spent more on its infrastructure ? ''
He has always thought and written that `` the Jews '' brought capitalism , communism , spiritualism , alcoholism , decadent Hollywood movies , and pornography to Romania .
In 1926 , V. I. Vernadsky similarly acknowledged the increasing impact of mankind on '' -LRB- t -RRB- he direction in which the processes of evolution must proceed , namely towards increasing consciousness and thought , and forms having greater and greater influence on their surroundings . ''
Vernadsky and Teilhard de Chardin used the term `` noösphere '' -- the world of thought -- to mark the growing role of human brain-power in shaping its own future and environment .
Perhaps Schröder should spare a thought for his two great predecessors , Konrad Adenauer and Willy Brandt .
When Adenauer took Germany firmly into the Western alliance , he was not only opposed in parliament -LRB- by the Social Democrats -RRB- , but also by a popular majority that thought his policy would make reunification with Soviet-controlled East Germany impossible .
The point of asking such questions is to remind ourselves that genuine constitutional politics requires serious thought and careful preparation .
In Germany , we thought for a while that the occupation would last forever , and that we perhaps deserved no better .
The mere thought of such examples leads to the clear conclusion that democracy is not just about elections .
When Hitler came to power in January 1933 , many if not most German democrats thought : `` Let him !
For some time I thought that the Twenty-Second Amendment to the United States Constitution was probably the best way to ensure that political leaders do not overstay their welcome , and , just as importantly , wear out their effectiveness .
And when , after the collapse of communism , the end of history seemed near , ideological politics was thought to have vanished forever .
Yet no one thought much about it when American presidents of different faiths swore their oath of office to God and country .
Fourth , no one has yet thought through the full implications of today 's demographic and attendant social changes , but the fact is that without immigrants the welfare state in advanced countries will become unaffordable .
Such thoughts may seem heretical now , but without heresy there will be no reform .
In the accepted classification of sciences , mathematics is thought to be the queen , and the most difficult to grasp , followed by physics , chemistry , and , finally , biology .
This thought paved the way for the concept of a `` genetic program , '' akin to a computer program -- a metaphor that became almost self-evident when the structure of DNA was discovered , because DNA could be visualized as a linear string of symbols , which is exactly what computers read as a program .
Prior to the war , most observers thought that the situation in Iraq was considerably worse than in Iran .
It is possible that the French thought that a permanent Council President would be an appropriately inter-governmental counter-weight to a super-legitimate integrationist Commission President .
But Blair , beset by controversy over the unpopular and possibly illegal war in Iraq , thought he could avoid trouble at Westminster by postponing ratification until 2006 -LRB- that is , a comfortably long time in the future -RRB- , and proposing that it be carried out by popular referendum .
But if the government thought that this mid-way position would finesse its European predicament by appeasing the large anti-European majority in the UK without gratuitously offending the EU 's other members , it was quickly disabused .
That is his first problem . He has not been elected by anyone -- not by the Labor Party , and not by Britain 's voters ; he has merely come into an inheritance that he has long thought was his due .
There was a time when Brown was thought to be a believer in traditional Labor Party values .
Bankers accept that , in the long run , the theorem might hold , but argue that it will take time , especially given recent events , to persuade investors that banks are genuinely safer , and that their shares should be thought of as closer to utility stocks , yielding a lower return .
The overriding conclusion that emerges from any analysis of these unhappy events is that nothing will ever be the same again : the relationship between the state and the markets needs to be rethought .
The ECB has thought about this problem , but all that has been agreed -LRB- in the Nice Treaty -RRB- is some modest rotation of voting membership as the federation grows further .
Despite this , over the course of the last 20 years , economists began to act as if we thought we could genuinely predict the economic future .
Moral hazard , we thought , could safely be ignored , because it is `` moral , '' which , as every true scientist knows , just means `` imaginary . ''
Or perhaps they are merely parroting talking points backed by little thought .
Why are the principles of nominal income determination , which I thought largely settled since 1829 , now being questioned ?
We need more monetary historians and historians of economic thought and fewer model-builders .
If he and the rest of the Federal Open Market Committee thought that the projected growth of nominal spending in the US was on an appropriate recovery path two months ago , they can not believe that today .
The world in the future will be a riskier place than we thought it was -- not because government will no longer offer guarantees that it should never have offered in the first place , but rather because the real risk that one 's customers might vanish in a prolonged depression is back .
`` If I 'd thought -LRB- that George W. Bush -RRB- was a big-spending Rockefeller Republican ... I would n't have voted for him ... , '' Noonan wrote .
But then a strange thing happened : the Bush administration did not order any of the three options that were thought to be on the menu .
They continue to hold very large positions in dollar-denominated assets , which they would not do if they thought the US faced a choice between a cheap dollar and a deep depression .
Greg Mankiw thought a bunch of reporters were coming to talk to him about the state of the economy and the analysis made by the Council of Economic Advisers in its `` 2004 Economic Report of the President . ''
Clever government officials of goodwill , he thought , could design economic institutions that would be superior to the market &#45; &#45; or could at least tweak the market with taxes , subsidies , and regulations to produce superior outcomes .
Fearless Financial Markets A number of thoughtful observers -- like Citigroup 's Robert Rubin , Harvard 's Larry Summers , and The Financial Times 's Martin Wolf -- have expressed puzzlement in recent months about financial markets ' perceptions of risk .
In the generation before World War I , the safe assets were thought to be the debt of governments tied to the gold standard , which supposedly offered protection against the inflationary populist viruses that afflicted countries like Mexico , France , or the United States .
After the inflations of World War I , a prudent investor might have thought gold -- easily assessable , portable , and real -- an attractive asset .
According to Hiatt , `` We raised such issues '' as whether the Bush administration had properly thought its proposed adventure in Iraq through , `` but with insufficient force . ''
He thought that he was giving balanced testimony to Congress on government budget issues .
He thought that his old reality-based friends from the Ford administration were back in power .
He thought that he -- and Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill -- could win the quiet `` inside game '' for sensible policy without resorting to an `` outside game '' that would make his reappointment in 2004 unlikely .
The last and fullest expression of this line of thought comes at the end of the 1950 's with W.W. Rostow 's book The Stages of Economic Growth .
Remember , these are the type of people who once thought that selling dog food over the internet was a brilliant business strategy , and that by 2010 Qualcomm would be able to sell two mobile phones a year to everyone in the northern hemisphere .
The US Treasury under Robert Rubin and Larry Summers was unafraid to join the IMF in betting the store on Mexico , Thailand , Korea , and Brazil when they thought the odds were favorable .
In fact , there is a surprisingly large current of thought that maintains that stimulus packages simply do not work , ever .
Back at the start of 2004 , America 's banks discovered that they could borrow money cheaply from Asia and lend it out in higher-yielding domestic mortgages while using sophisticated financial engineering to wall off and strictly control their risks -- or so they thought .
If we push interest rates up , Greenspan thought , millions of Americans would become unemployed , to no one 's benefit .
Full employment is better than high unemployment if it can be accomplished without inflation , Greenspan thought .
Paul Volcker , a Democrat , was reappointed once by the Reagan administration -LRB- but not twice : there are persistent rumors that Reagan 's treasury secretary , James Baker , thought Volcker was too invested in monetary stability and not invested enough in producing strong economies in presidential years to elect Republicans -RRB- .
So is buying or holding equity in firms that may be holding risky assets , regardless of how `` safe '' a firm 's stock was previously thought to be .
Certainly , few observers looking in 1978 at the smoldering embers of the Cultural Revolution , or at the seeming ruination of the post-1989 years , thought China would emerge as the lightning rod of the world 's developmental hopes .
America 's next president must re-engage with Asia not as an afterthought , and not as a corollary to the `` war on terror , '' but as a central component of a roadmap to a safe , secure , and prosperous future .
So Asians are keen to hear Obama 's thoughts about a new or renewed international system , and hope that his vision of a new global order will incorporate the rising countries of Asia as America 's partners .
Now , this rising region is desperate to hear Obama 's thoughts about America 's role in Asia , thoughts that are commensurate with Asia 's importance -- and with the scope of his vision .
OXFORD -- It was recently discovered that the universe 's expansion is accelerating , not slowing , as was previously thought .
Yet nobody thought that that election had changed the course of Europe .
Fourteen years later , during the Plaza Accord negotiations , the Japanese argued for an eventual level of 200-210 , while some US Treasury officials thought the final target should be as high as 165-170 .
At the end of the 1980 's , some analysts thought rates as high as 120 might finally produce the long-sought equilibrium .
In modern biotechnology , Boyle thinks , things previously outside the market-once thought to be impossible to commodify-are becoming routinely privatized .
One in five human genes is now patented , even though the human genome might be thought to be our common heritage .
Clearly , the court thought that such trust had not been earned .
A decorated World War II veteran , Justice Stevens may well have thought that he was at least as qualified as the civilians in the Bush Justice Department to forecast the impact of the court 's ruling on military efficiency .
All those who predicted the collapse of America 's `` house of cards '' economy -LRB- who thought that Enron 's collapse was finally the sign in the sky that they were right -RRB- must now be exhausted .
Lula and his party are so far outside the mainstream of economic thought and policy that capital has already begun fleeing -- even though the election is months away .
He famously induced people from a variety of social classes and occupations to administer what they thought were increasingly harsh electrical shocks to a helpless victim -LRB- played by an actor -RRB- sitting in an adjoining room , and his findings have since been replicated around the world .
Since I was one of the few Americans to advocate a single European currency , you would be justified in asking : Am I having second thoughts ?
As recently as three years ago , many observers thought that the Fund had outlived its usefulness and should be closed down .
It has rethought its traditional opposition to capital controls . It has suggested that central banks may want to consider higher inflation targets in order to avoid hitting the zero bound in the event of deflationary shocks .
But with Germany 's Luftwaffe planning heavy cuts to its procurement of Euro-fighters , India may have second thoughts about taking part in the project .
To anyone who remembers that 40 years ago President Charles de Gaulle slammed Europe 's door shut in the face of Britain 's request to join the European community -- the General thought the British too tied to the US to enter the European family -- these remarks are worrying .
Many of these disorders were once thought to be rare , even non-existent .
The most important implication of believing that cultural modernity emerged in more than one species is that it largely eliminates the dichotomy that Western thought has traditionally detected between the natural world and human culture .
I have learned from long experience that to be optimistic about almost anything in international affairs is to run the risk of being thought ignorant or naïve , if not demented .
A famous player of the 1990 's said at the time , `` I 'd make a racist comment every week if I thought it would help win the game . '' And spectators were no different : `` Of course , I sing out ` black bastard , ' but I do n't mean it .
Although the top rate of income tax in Britain was recently raised to 50 % , there is no thought of going back to pre-Thatcher taxes .
Those of us who supported this policy generally knew that history and economic theory implied that such one-time fiscal transfers have little effect , but we thought that this time might be different .
These seemingly mutually exclusive alternatives have one thing in common : neither of them has been thought through to the end .
You can only shake your head at the decline in Germans ' historical awareness , given that neither Thatcher nor Bismarck has ever been a role model for Germany 's European policy , and for good reason ! Neither of them thought much , if anything , of European integration .
Sen says that what is being accepted here should be thought of as national identity .
Some contemporary observers of the ERM thought that there was an easy fix for these troubles .
Timothy McVeigh , the Oklahoma City bomber who murdered 168 people in 1995 , thought he was defending the US Constitution against a predatory federal government .
Yigal Amir thought he was defending Israel against a Prime Minister willing to surrender sacred land to the enemy when he assassinated Yitzak Rabin later in the same year .
Others -- most notoriously , the confinement of roughly 450 alleged Muslim fighters in Guantánamo Bay -- impinge on people thought to be the enemy .
Fraud is difficult to prove , because managers can always say that they thought the odds were better than were .
CAMBRIDGE -- Two decades ago , many people thought that the lesson of the 1980 's was that Japan 's variant of capitalism was the best model , and that other countries around the world should and would follow it .
A decade ago , many thought that the lesson of the 1990 's was that the United States ' variant of capitalism was the best model , and that other countries should and would follow .
Their research identified hundreds of regions of the human genome where the number of copies of a particular DNA segment varied from individual to individual . With only a few exceptions , all DNA segments were thought to exist in two copies -LRB- one copy inherited from your mother and one copy inherited from your father -RRB- .
The data clearly demonstrate that individuals are not as genetically similar as once thought .
A patient may hear his own thoughts spoken aloud or hear voices discussing him .
Here the inquisitors are part cost accountant , part thought police .
We thought that we could appeal to some , if not all , of the generals -- Buddhists themselves -- who control our country to join us in trying to right the many ills befalling Burma .
What is now known as the G8 was launched in 1975 as an informal group of the United States , Europe 's Big Four -- Britain , France , Germany , and Italy -- and Japan , with Canada added as an afterthought .
The dual foundation of European thought makes it possible to transcend the conflict between religion and secularism that accompanied the recent debate on the ideological bases of the constitution .
Pericles , in his speech about democracy , as recorded by Thucydides , expressed a timely thought : ¡ ° Guided by tolerance in private life , we respect the law in public life ; we obey all laws , especially those unwritten ones , laws that defend those to whom injustice is being done , and laws the transgression of which brings universal disgrace . ¡ ± That ancient sense of the potent power of shame should be employed today , lest the democratic tide continue to run out .
Expressive icons represent thought , but can only communicate complex subtleties and situations if they allow multiple levels of understanding .
More unfortunate still was his implication that this was the cause of a series of gang rapes in Sydney in 2000 , in which the attackers ' legal defense was that they thought the women were sexually available because they wore Western clothes .
Interestingly , many purveyors of pornography initially thought that better quality video would make their product more desirable .
Europe was thought by the French political class to be the solution .
But in September 2008 , the United States government thought otherwise , and allowed Lehman Brothers to fail in order to impose market discipline .
Similarly , America 's preventive war against an Iraq that ignored the UN and was thought to possess weapons of mass destruction showed that sovereignty no longer provides absolute protection .
The two principal schools of thought were `` roll back '' and `` containment . '' The former argued that nothing less than overthrowing communism -- `` regime-change '' in today 's parlance -- would do .
One school of thought maintains that the Cold War was won as a result of decades of sustained US and Western pressure on the Soviet Union and its allies .
A second and very different school of thought emphasizes less what the West did and more what the Soviet Union was .
Economic reconstruction is more accurately thought of as economic renewal .
Yet tweeting is no substitute for thought .
Belief in vampires in Eastern European societies served its own historical purposes : uniting communities and identifying outsiders , giving concrete form to death fears , explaining mysterious events , and , last but not least , providing a means of resistance to the encroachment of Western ideas and patterns of thought .
If the thought of Dracula and vampires makes us shiver , then the vampire myth still fulfills its functions for us : as a projection of our fears and uncertainties , sexual desires , group and personal animosities , and longing for the dissolution of the structure of society .
For his bravery and clarity of thought about China 's future , Liu deserves the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize .
It is time for all of us , not just in our professional capacities , but also as individuals , to turn our thoughts and actions to those affected .
Until the uprising in Tunisia , we thought that political change would be led either by Islamist forces or by a coup by a group of military officers -- not by disorganized , youth-led masses .
The technologies of the Internet were thought to fragment societal forces rather than unite them in a common cause .
For most of recorded history , the illusion was thought to be a consequence of physical processes .
But a more pertinent thought of his came to mind during those days of decision : war is a serious means to serious ends .
Nobody involved in the Kosovo operation thought otherwise , or entertained the idea that NATO could give up .
For these individuals , instead of hearing just one 's name , voices produce a stream of speech , often vulgar or derogatory -LRB- `` You are a fat whore , '' `` Go to hell '' -RRB- or a running commentary on one 's most private thoughts .
The compelling aura of reality about these experiences often produces distress and disrupts thought and behavior .
Our research at Yale University , as well as studies conducted at the Institute of Psychiatry in London , also detected activation in an area of the brain known as Broca 's region during production of `` inner speech '' or verbal thought .
For example , a low mood favors generation of thoughts that are themselves depressing .
This would account for the fact that voices also emerge during states of extreme , but incidental , emotionality brought on by inspired thought , mania , depression , or ingestion of certain drugs .
Democratic societies depend not only on the foundational principle of free speech , but on the character of political thought and conversation among various constituencies .
Requiring the government to test the factual basis of its decision to use force is not a shackle to be thrown off , but an incentive for forethought and a psychologically stabilizing support .
Distribution is haphazard and uncoordinated , done with little thought .
This is part of the great fascination of science , and it fosters liberty of thought .
Back in 1997 , many Asians thought that the speculative attacks then being mounted on Asian currencies were unjustified , with Malaysia 's Prime Minister Mohamad Mahathir leading the charge against speculators .
It was not really the first personal computer , but it turned out to be `` The Personal Computer , '' and it revolutionized not just business life , but also the way people thought about the world .
Before 1981 , visionaries who thought about the impact of technology on society believed that the computer would allow a centralization of knowledge and power .
Some lines of thought are more emotional : might not 2008 be a payback for the American bungling of the 1997-1998 East Asia crisis ?
They agreed that protectionism was obviously a vice , but thought that it was a necessary one that could not be addressed without monetary stability .
As a result , they thought they lived in a world populated by demons and mysterious forces .
An alliance was formed between financial experts who thought they were selling truly innovative ideas , a political elite that endorsed the philosophy of `` regulation lite , '' and a cultural climate that pushed experimentation and the rejection of traditional values .
In the interwar crisis of democracy , participation in elections surged as voters tried to protest against what the radical parties denounced as `` the system '' . In Germany in 2009 , electoral participation fell by 5 % , to 72.5 % . Those voters who were disillusioned by politics simply thought that there was no point in voting .
Some participants thought they had agreed to a sort of semi-fixing of exchange rates in the form of target zones , but the powerful German Bundesbank never shared that interpretation .
The creation of money is often thought to be the domain of the state : this was the prevalent doctrine of the nineteenth century , reaching its apogee in the German economist Georg Friedrich Knapp 's The State Theory of Money .
Europeans thought that their close geographic proximity and shared cultural inheritance might enable them to produce answers where global debates had become stalled .
Instead , he thought that radical unilateral action was required .
Americans , by contrast , thought that Japan and Germany were artificially holding down their currencies ' value in order to get an unfair advantage for their politically powerful export industries .
In many countries , the fall in bank lending was partly offset by an increase in lending to governments , which thought that the banks should recycle society 's savings directly into public-sector spending .
Major European banks -- in the United Kingdom , Germany , and France -- have , like their 1980 's predecessors , built up a gigantic exposure to what they erroneously thought was safe debt .
By 2011 , anti-globalization rhetoric had largely faded , and globalization is thought of as not something to be neither fought nor cheered , but as a fundamental characteristic of the human story , in which disparate geographies and diverse themes are inextricably intertwined .
We once thought they could .
But central banks in both Europe and the US thought that a 2 % annual inflation rate would be a desirable target -LRB- for the Europeans a desirable maximum -RRB- .
Sarkozy and his strategists , no doubt , thought that sending DSK to the Fund , which before the global financial crisis looked unimportant and marginal , was a brilliant coup .
This is not a novel thought .
At the war 's end , they thought of a new way of using their reserves : spend them .
The rapid increase of foam plastic production in export processing zones is thought to be based on their purchase of CFC-dependent production units from OECD countries .
Knowledge of the health risks from smoking is low : 61 % of Chinese smokers in 1996 thought tobacco did them `` little or no harm . ''
Since April 15 of this year , the Golden Shield 's advanced science and technology has been monitoring every thought and action of those Chinese people who use the Internet .
The governments thought briefly about that prospect and then , without exception , blinked .
They showed that McNamara had sent the manuscript to the American Ambassador in South Vietnam , Ellsworth Bunker , who requested a certain Bob Kelly to write an overall report , with a view to discrediting my reporting , and arranged to get The Atlantic magazine -LRB- where Bunker mistakenly thought my article was scheduled to appear -RRB- to `` withhold publication . ''
Perhaps frustrated by his failure to find factual errors in my reporting , the author of the report offered some editorial comments that epitomized the flawed thinking on which the war rested . I had been unaware , he thought , of some extenuating factors for the destruction I witnessed .
I had not known , he thought , that `` The population is totally hostile ... '' Indeed , in the eyes of the Viet Cong , `` the Viet Cong are the people . ''
When asked what he thought about Western civilization , Gandhi famously replied , `` It would be a good idea . '' He also said that `` Earth provides enough to satisfy every man 's need , but not every man 's greed . ''
Large as the number of such arrests and prosecutions is , the true extent of the government 's suppression of independent thought and activity is even greater .
Our public thought is fragmented , and the country 's intelligentsia , who are partly responsible for tending to society 's values and goals , are behaving in often-destructive ways .
In all of these cases , people somewhat sheepishly confess that their level of understanding was far worse than they originally thought .
Among Iran analysts , it is thought that these moves were intended to revitalize the military , particularly given the possibility of conflict with the US .
In November , when the government thought that street brutality had intimidated the protest movement , Iranian officials backed away from the compromise .
What makes a market economy a market economy , I thought , is the fact that you can always find a Texaco or a BP , Elf or Statoil petrol station , or a Seven Eleven store in Alaska , South Carolina or Tokyo .
My father and all the Soviet people thought that Sputnik 's success was natural , that , step by step , we were getting ahead of the Americans .
If the Nobel committee were to give the award only to Korolev , my father thought , the members would fly into a rage .
You kept power by sticking together in thought and word and deed .
Each country thought it was getting an unthreatening mediocrity .
Quite simply , he thought that America could go it alone in pursuing his foreign policy because no one could stop him .
While his father lined up world support , and troops from over a dozen countries , for the first Gulf War , the son thought that allies were more hindrance than help ; except for Tony Blair , he did not care to have them .
Anyone who thought that things would be different was either delusional or ignorant of Russia .
But irregularities now seem more serious than initially thought .
Has the Italian minister thought for a minute how his government would pay for all its public spending on welfare , and other items , if Italy 's interest rates no longer were subsidized by the ECB ?
The European Union has been so successful that you would have thought there would be dancing in the streets at its 50th anniversary .
Critics who worry about the cost of the energy tax have not thought about tax substitutions .
Even France 's new president , Nicolas Sarkozy -- thought by many to be a pro-American foreign policy hawk -- is backing away from his campaign promise to maintain defense spending at 2 % of GDP .
Some on the left , motivated in part by revulsion against financial types who are thought to reap unjustified incomes , have joined forces with conventional economists , whose almost religious belief in their models has blinded them to the harm their dubious economic theory can do to the real economy and the interests of ordinary people .
Until recently , many Europeans thought they were insulated from the current US housing and mortgage crisis .
How seriously , one wonders , did the Chinese take Trichet when he came to China to protest the euro 's `` brutal '' appreciation against the renminbi ? Cut your own interest rates , they must have thought to themselves , and you will have less to complain about .
He was not a member of the political class , so nobody thought about how to gain advantage by his success .
Even for cynical people -- like this writer -- who thought that nothing was interesting in Polish politics , Citizen 's Platform is fun .
Mill thought that there is a big minority of people who tend to seek higher pleasures and that to be active in democratic politics is one of such pleasure .
The economy continued to improve , but people still thought their lives too painful .
In this context , Israel must put aside thoughts of choosing its negotiating partners .
All that what was wanted from America , most of the young people thought , was withdrawal of its support for allies like Hosni Mubarak and other Arab dictators .
The second issue the Court considered was the conflict between constitutional principles : the clash between freedom to express one 's thoughts and condemnation of Ellwanger for the crime of racism .
The court ruled that , ultimately , freedom to express one 's thoughts , however generously conceived in a democracy , must be balanced against other values , such as reputation , honor , privacy , dignity , and equality .
But it is equally obvious that Hu , the sphinx-like apparatchik in whom Chinese and Western liberals alike had once invested hope , is unlikely to deliver the more open and humane China that they thought he had promised .
Yet left to their own devices , cod are thought to live for at least thirty years .
Skin cancer , long thought to be a disease of little public health significance , has now become epidemic .
Of course , Georgia 's President Mikhail Saakashvili may at times be thoughtless and arrogant .
For example , visitors and residents alike have long thought of Hong Kong as a beautiful city clinging to the South China coast .
It is , again , worse than we thought , and , despite our failing models , we will gamble on knowing just what to do : cut CO2 emissions dramatically .
Of course , not all things are less bad than we thought .
Indeed , the thought experiment of turning statistical lives into identifiable lives highlights an important point about policy-making : much , if not all , of the appeal of `` efficient '' resource allocation depends on the anonymity of the victims .
For jailing Liu on the absurd charge of trying to overthrow the Chinese state is typical of the type of thinking found in the closed societies of twentieth-century communism , where the state asserted its absolute right to judge every thought and every thinker .
In such a state , the only way to survive was for everyone to become his or her own thought police : self-censoring and never daring to question .
In its current fight with Google , for example , China 's government appears to think that its technologists can provide the means to maintain the old thought control .
In the meantime , however , the urgency of restoring a sense of normalcy and hope to a dramatically wounded society warrants thoughtful and deep analyses .
Some of them have grown back of course , or have been replanted , but it is thought that we now have only half of the amount of forest land we once had on this planet .
If this happens when we claim to love trees , I shudder to think what would happen if we were ambivalent about them ? Or thought we could live without them ?
Routine increases banality and thoughtlessness ; the personal disappears .
At that fluid border between old and new people craved most what they had never had : freedom of thought and expression , information , the tools to debate and define their own happiness .
For far different reasons , the US , and the entire world , seems condemned to simplification of thought , action , and feeling in the service of immediate , quotidian efficiency .
Imported books are thought to be too `` complicated , '' which is another way of saying that literature should deal with simple issues in a simple way , obeying the rules of the mass market , with its tricks of packaging , accessibility , advertisement , and comfort .
But this method omits much of what has been learned about genomic evolution in the last quarter-century . Mutational processes are far more complex than was thought a few decades ago ; with strand slippage , duplication , transposition , and illegitimate recombination producing qualitative differences between closely-related genomes .
The terrorist attacks on New York and Washington of September , 2001 and their aftermath may exacerbate tensions not only between pro-Western and anti-Western schools of thought in Africa , but also between Christians and Muslims .
The public viewed space travel as science fiction , a form of popular entertainment thought to have little chance of realization .
Von Braun endorsed an automated telescope in space , but thought that astronauts would need to visit the instrument to change the film .
Slowly , the state began to be reformed in a more thoughtful way .
Khrushchev 's speech to the Congress inspired doubt and second thoughts throughout the worldwide Communist movement .
Two clearly defined schools of thought are emerging .
The more I have thought about the lesson she taught me 45 years ago , the clearer I have seen another , less obvious dimension in what she said : It is `` we '' who lost the war .
Moreover , there are two broad schools of thought as to the appropriate response when they do fuel extremist violence .
The second school of thought contends that terrorism can be eradicated by addressing its root causes .
He valued freedom , authentic knowledge , independent thought , the courage of nonconformity , the spirit of resistance , the beauty of Polish romanticism , disinterested behavior , and human dignity .
In writing about Bloch , Geremek described himself , particularly when he recalled Bloch 's self-definition as being part of `` liberal , disinterested , and humanely progressive traditions of thought . ''
This improvement is thought to be caused by the antimicrobial effect of lactoferrin and lysozyme , long known to be the primary protective proteins in breast milk .
STANFORD -- Cancer is sometimes thought of as a disease of wealthier countries , but it is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in poorer ones as well .
Among Sunnis , only 23 % thought so .
The results for extreme pessimism were skewed in the opposite direction : 14 % of Sunnis thought things were as bad as could be , while only 2 % of Kurds and 3 % of Shi'ites shared this opinion .
There was some increase in the number of Shiites who thought that there should be a strong religious element in national laws , the majority still opposed this .
Also , with the emergence of a new generation of political leaders , the French &#45; &#45; who were thought cynical towards politics &#45; &#45; seem to have regained their unique passion for it .
The eminent people who pass through are given opportunities only for sound bites , developed thoughts .
The period when India was forgotten or an afterthought is at an end , and with it the period when India could forget about the world .
Many thought that this solidarity had been achieved in October 2004 , with the signing of the Nice treaty , which outlined an EU constitution .
But key steps can and should be taken : restoration of fiscal balance in well-communicated plans , commitment to central bank autonomy and low inflation , and striking a thoughtful balance between under - and over-regulation of the financial sector .
But while Christian Democracy got nowhere politically between the World Wars , momentous changes were initiated in Catholic thought .
Nevertheless , some body of thought that makes democracy attractive for believers -- and reassures non-believers that the faithful have accepted pluralism -- had to be available .
That is not an absurd idea . There is a long and distinguished tradition of Catholic social thought .
Any thought that the anti-terror coalition will be able to bail out fast -LRB- as the West did when it abandoned Afghanistan to its fate after the Soviet withdrawal ten years ago -RRB- should be forgotten .
Like many people , I thought that small , innovative companies dominated functional foods .
Rebuilding the Brain For many years , it was thought that all of our brain cells -LRB- neurons -RRB- are produced before birth , or exceptionally , up to one or two years after birth , but then the process supposedly stopped .
It came as a great surprise when we discovered that the cells giving birth to the new neurons were a type called radial glia , which were thought not to occur in adulthood and were not known to give birth to neurons .
Who would have thought that , at the dawn of the twenty-first century , the old Enlightenment debates would still be so potent ?
Bewitched by symbols of affluence and a level of consumption that she could not afford , she acted like a child herself , with no thought to the future .
It comes from the thought that this really might beenough to be able to afford a small house , a college education , and the children that one already has .
And perhaps , in its likely view of the world as being more than the sum of consuming , competing autonomies , or gender warfare , it would be a valuable challenge to truisms that we Western feminists -- and the men who love us -- have thought we had to take for granted .
As a result , few people noticed how genuinely , powerfully transformative her agenda was , how well she had thought it out , and how audaciously she sought to manage it .
Russia thought it was less dependent than Ukraine , and decided to exercise that power .
But once glasnost let people say what they thought , many people said , `` We want out . ''
Even while discussion in Washington is fixated on Iraq , a number of thoughtful foreign observers are asking these longer-term questions .
Some neo-conservative pundits drew the conclusion that the US was so powerful that it could decide what it thought was right , and others would have to follow .
Roosevelt never thought that staffs had a monopoly on judgment or information , and has been described as seeking advice from anybody he could : cabinet members , congressmen , newspaper columnists , interest groups , citizens , and friends .
The list is long , but they might best be thought of as `` housekeeping '' issues : many a couple can quarrel over them without contemplating divorce .
The control systems that electric power companies use are thought vulnerable to attack , which could shut down cities and regions for days or weeks .
Woodrow Wilson thought it would solve problems in central Europe in 1919 , but it created as many as it solved .
A year ago , after the blitz victory in the four-week Iraq War , many people thought the issue was settled .
The thought of France and Germany fighting each other again seems impossible , and the development of the European Union has greatly enhanced Europe 's attractiveness and soft power in the world .
Economic power would become the key to success in world politics , a change that many people thought would usher in a world dominated by Japan and Germany .
In the 1950 's and 1960 's , after Sputnik , many thought that the Soviets might get the better of America ; in the 1980 's , it was the Japanese .
With Clinton in Beijing , the time is now to begin sketching out a common US-Chinese future in a deliberate and thoughtful way .
Prime Minister Netanyahu and Defense Minister Ehud Barak sent top combatants into a seafaring crowd of aggressive protesters and thought that they would win .
He 's scooped you on your main idea , although he has n't thought through the implications , or worked out all the other ideas that comprise your theory .
Such losses , or just the thought of them , have the potential to trigger global contagion as carry traders close positions in US markets to repay loans in Japan .
This split obscures the underlying uniformity of thought .
Opposition to the bailout is bringing back to the surface the worst of the conservative economic thought that got America and the world into this mess in the first place .
`` That is all for the history books , '' we thought , until the recent murders .
He thought that Ronald Reagan had shown that fiscal deficits do n't matter .
He thought that the American president should operate beyond the checks and balances applied by the US Constitution , just as his country should not be constrained by any international rules .
But surely the way a society cares for its sick and needy and elderly is sufficiently important to deserve serious and thoughtful argument based on what we really can see with our own eyes rather than on uninformed partisan prejudice .
It dignifies an argument -- and those to whom it is addressed -- to set it out thoughtfully .
No wonder the impressive premier is thought to favor some political loosening .
Appearing to speak without giving the issue much thought , Sarkozy initially proposed a club of European and mostly Arab states along the Mediterranean 's shore .
Unsurprisingly , Bhutto is now having second thoughts about an alliance with Musharraf , who has been reduced to chasing after her in an effort to salvage the deal .
Although most citizens in these countries supported EU membership , many thought that their governments paid too high a price .
How many times have European leaders thought they had things under control , only to unleash the demons again ?
The revealed preference of banks ' and bankers ' behavior is that they did not lend more because they thought they could get away with it , but because they thought it was safe .
Both were among the longest structures of their kind and were thought to be just natural applications of existing technology .
Plato thought that three conditions must be met in order for us to `` know '' something : the notion in question must actually be true ; we must believe it -LRB- because if we do not believe something that is true , we can hardly claim that we know it -RRB- ; and , most subtly , it must be justifiable -- there must be reasons why we believe the notion to be true .
`` Well , have you thought about a career in politics ? '' the interviewer asked . Unfortunately , the interviewer did not pursue the matter any further .
We are evidently facing the mystery of Russian thought that has proved so unfathomable to others , so unyielding to every analytical scalpel , and about which our Slavophiles and Eurasians wrote at length .
But this suspicion of political parties as such meant that there was no organized body across the country committed to carrying out a consistent , well-thought-out reform program .
He thought that it was important to confront the fact of our insignificant place in the universe , because he did not want us to live under the illusory comfort of a belief that somehow the world had been created for our sake , and that we are under the benevolent care of an all-powerful creator .
Directed housing credit was a policy with broader support , because each side thought that it would benefit .
Perhaps because he was Swedish , he proposed setting coal mines on fire to speed it up , since he thought a warmer climate was an excellent idea .
Soft spoken , mild mannered , thoughtful , and with a wonderful sense of humor , Tajbakhsh is portrayed by the Iranian government as a ravenous wolf ready to devour the regime .
At a recent press conference , US President Barack Obama remarked that he was loathe to comment immediately on matters of great public importance before being absolutely sure that he knew -- and knew what he thought about -- the subject in question .
Liberty of thought is absolute , as is religious freedom .
Turkey has committed itself to a vast legislative effort to improve human rights , freedom of thought , treatment of prisoners , and civilian control over the military .
There was a time when global elites could comfort themselves with the thought that opposition to the world trading regime consisted of violent anarchists , self-serving protectionists , trade unionists , and ignorant , if idealistic youth .
It might have worked like a dream -- and until about a year and a half ago , many financiers , economists , and policymakers thought that it did .
A comforting thought -- if you still want to believe in financial sanity -- is that this was a case of a `` perfect storm , '' a rare failure that required a large number of stars to be in alignment simultaneously .
The Tobin Tax Lives Again CAMBRIDGE -- Something happened in late August that I never thought I would see in my lifetime .
If you are trying to have it both ways , the chances are you have made up your mind before you have really thought hard about it .
One might have thought that a socialist , and a French Socialist at that , would be more inclined toward finance skepticism .
Although modern industrial practices had penetrated underdeveloped societies , he thought it unlikely that they could make substantial inroads and transform such societies wholesale .
Free-market enthusiasts ' place in the history of economic thought will remain secure .
Both thought that only a fiscally strong US could have the military prowess needed to defend itself from the European powers , whose return to American soil both men expected .
Some of the countries that look so strong today may suddenly experience the kind of financial crises that they thought they had left behind .
-LRB- With some experts predicting that individuals will routinely live beyond 110-115 years by mid-century , one might wonder what all this will do to other social conventions such as marriage , but I will leave this thought to another day . -RRB-
After decades of vilification by economists for raising unemployment and strangling growth , the union movement is now receiving backing from thought leaders such as Paul Krugman , who argues that stronger unions are needed to counter globalization 's worst excesses .
Until now , most investors have thought that they would rather risk high inflation for a couple of years than accept even a short and shallow recession .
Perhaps , but let 's not forget that a lot of very smart people in the financial industry thought the same thing until quite recently .
In a thoughtful speech , the head of China 's Central Bank , Zhou Xiaochuan , argued the merits of a global super-currency , perhaps issued by the International Monetary Fund .
And here is another painful thought that Harvard historian Niall Ferguson often emphasizes : many of the leaders and legislators who are passing judgment on new rules for banks are the same leaders and legislators who oversaw the regulation in the run-up to the financial crisis .
True , people who thought , `` This time is different , '' before the recent Great Recession were proven wrong .
It is true that Latin American governments , particularly the Brazilian authorities , succeeded in raising more revenue from taxes on bank withdrawals -LRB- a crude version of an FTT -RRB- than most policy analysts thought possible .
That is a real enough danger to which policymakers must give serious thought as they reform the CAP on the basis of the following five pillars .
Any thought of concession or compromise is gravely mistaken .
He did not shy away from stating his views , often reflecting the advice of Keynes : `` Words ought to be a little wild for they are the assault of thoughts on the unthinking '' .
He would talk as long as necessary , and his advice was always thoughtful and nuanced , providing insights no one else had seen .
For a short time , Rudi thought about joining the Clinton administration .
Our leaders continued to stand up to what many thought an unbeatable foe , and eventually the Soviet regime collapsed .
Last year a Nigerian team of HIV\/AIDS experts performed what many thought to be a miracle : they submitted a well-designed , thoughtfully written , and locally developed proposal to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis , and Malaria .
The plans are detailed , thoughtful , credible , and based on proven successes that the government has already achieved .
Fifty-eight percent of Democrats thought the country was headed in the right direction , compared with 9 % of Republicans .
They claimed that scientists were fabricating evidence in order to obtain government research grants -- a ludicrous accusation , I thought at the time , given that the scientists under attack have devoted their lives to finding the truth , and have certainly not become rich relative to their peers in finance and business .
Short of the US national security archives suddenly falling open , we are unlikely to find a definitive account of the President 's innermost thoughts .
A tow truck driver said that the beheading `` just affirms what I thought before .
As protests began last year , the grass-roots nature of the Green Movement was initially thought to be advantageous , given that it could not be easily decapitated . `` Thirty years ago people were sheep and Khomeini was their shepherd , '' a prominent Iranian democratic activist told me .
With thoughtfulness and perseverance , psychiatry 's current deliberations about diagnosis as public policy will provide a road map for the broader medical debates lurking ahead .
The individual with obsessive-compulsive disorder both dreads and is ashamed by irrational obsessions and compulsions , yet finds engaging in these thoughts and actions irresistible .
I thought again about how on his trip through Latin America , he acquired his revolutionary ideals , clarified certain questions , and added more . I loved how he was brave enough to postpone his life for a while to find his own answers .
Equal rights , according to this logic - as socialist thought has emphasized - imply public policies aimed at narrowing inequalities in the actual living conditions of all citizens .
First , we thought that the main reason why banks fail is that depositors panic , not that the main reason depositors panic is that banks are in danger of failing .
Second , we thought that the depositors prone to panic would always be small depositors -- households and small firms -- rather than corporations or professional investors .
Religious symbols and references have to a large extent been removed from the public sphere here , and religion is thought to be a private matter .
So they comfort themselves with the thought that demands for democratization reflect Hong Kong 's economic woes , nothing more .
And yet for decades we thought that the people who were managing those firms were much smarter than we were .
The rest of us thought that these institutions could instill the wisdom , insight , and character of which we all wished we had more .
But no one ever seriously thought that the US would allow Citigroup and Bank of America , to name just two , to fail .
The story 's premise is that the world will run out of oil faster than we thought , as these billions of people chase their dreams of big houses and sport utility vehicles .
If it is generally thought that oil prices will be higher in the future , owners of oil reserves will tend to postpone costly investments in exploration and expansion of production capacity , and they may pump oil at below capacity .
Holders of long-term bonds , for example , must have thought that inflation would come roaring back after the effects of the 1981-2 global recession had passed .
I asked about their long-term expectations , and about their thoughts concerning Mexico 's economic prospects in the decades ahead .
Likewise , 83.5 % of Chinese thought their country is run for all the people , rather than for a few big interest groups , whereas only 36.7 % of Americans thought the same of their country .
While some variation in attitudes towards markets and enterprise did exist , the biggest differences were situational , rather than attitudinal : people in some countries had lower expectations of success and thought that government regulations would stymie their activities .
Moreover , many financial experts blamed the 1987 crash on a kind of programmed trading called `` portfolio insurance , '' which most thought would stop .
We thought that the issuers of such securities would have , in effect , a form of recession insurance .
Many people all over the world seem to have thought that since we are running out of land in a rapidly growing world economy , the prices of houses and apartments should increase at huge rates .
It used to be commonly thought that a home 's value consists primarily in the structure , not in the land on which it sits .
But any such hopes that the aftermath of the current crisis will turn out better are still in the category of thoughts , theories , and dreams , not science .
But , in that case , he surely would not have experienced the satisfaction that he can now rightly feel at the thought that his hard work and remarkable investment skills will , through the Gates Foundation , help to cure diseases that cause death and disability to billions of the world 's poorest people .
Camilla Toulmin , who directs the International Institute for Environment and Development , a London-based NGO , was present at a lecture on climate change that Al Gore gave in June . She asked him what he thought about compensation for those who are hit hardest by climate change , but who have done the least to cause it .
The thought of pushing the stranger off the footbridge elicits these responses .
Hence the thought of doing it does not elicit the same emotional response as pushing someone off a bridge .
He is frequently booed and mocked by fans , and many thought that baseball 's commissioner , Bud Selig , should not attend games at which Bonds might tie or break the record .
This , Karnofsky and Hassenfeld thought , is not a good way to go about charitable work .
Golubchuk 's doctors thought it best not to prolong his life , but his children , arguing that discontinuing life-support would violate their Orthodox Jewish beliefs , obtained a court order compelling the doctors to keep their father alive .
In earlier times , when original sin was taken more seriously than it generally is today , the suffering of animals posed a particularly difficult problem for thoughtful Christians .
That thought may lead us to disdain the kind of philanthropic graffiti that leads to donors ' names being prominently displayed on concert halls , art museums , and college buildings .
Frum thought this a bit pedantic , but concluded that it was emblematic of the President 's character and that `` the country could trust the Bush administration not to cheat and not to lie . ''
There you will find a set of thoughtful proposals ranging from raising the minimum wage to establishing model `` Promise Neighborhoods '' that will attempt to turn around areas with high levels of poverty and low levels of educational achievement by providing services such as early childhood education and crime prevention .
If we can teach people what is best , Socrates and Plato seem to have thought , they will do it .
Our reason may tell us what is best to do , he thought , but in a particular moment our reason may be overwhelmed by emotion or desire .
Although we are capable of deciding what to do on the basis of rational thought processes , such decisions often prove less powerful than our instinctive feelings in moving us to action .
If Parfit is right , there is much less disagreement between apparently conflicting moral theories than we all thought .
In 1993 , Paola Cavalieri and I founded The Great Ape Project , an organization dedicated to the idea of recognizing that great apes have a moral status befitting their nature as self-aware beings who are capable of thought and have rich and deep emotional lives .
Instead , his address was a thoughtful review of the key issues involved in promoting happiness as a national policy .
Since rescue measures beyond the pre-arranged Greek package had not been on the agenda for the Brussels meeting , German Chancellor Angela Merkel thought she could safely go to Moscow to commemorate the end of World War II -- unlike Sarkozy , who declined Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin 's invitation .
Of course , the British Foreign Office denied that these thoughts reflected the British government 's views .
But a moment 's thought will show why these models can not explain today 's general crisis .
Herd behavior arises , Keynes thought , not from attempts to deceive , but from the fact that , in the face of the unknown , we seek safety in numbers .
In fact , whereas most schools of economic thought maintain that one of government 's key responsibilities is to smooth the cycle , `` real '' business-cycle theory argues that reducing volatility reduces welfare !
As long as central government takes responsibility for maintaining a high and stable level of employment , Keynes thought , most of the rest of economic life can be left free of official interference .
This would be good for business , as affluent Western customers are now put off by the thought of buying blood-soaked jewelry .
This enables us to work out how much Keynes thought was `` enough . '' GDP per head in the United Kingdom in the late 1920 's -LRB- before the 1929 crash -RRB- was roughly £ 5,200 -LRB- $ 8,700 -RRB- in today 's value .
It is not clear why Keynes thought eight times the average British national income per head would be `` enough . ''
And even though inequality of wealth and income in Britain increased in the 13 years Labor has been in power , this is thought to be something that a left-wing party might seek to correct , whereas there is no similar expectation for a party of the right .
This , he thought , was due to too many facts in the modern world having become too horrible , or unpalatable , to be stated clearly .
Keynes thought that the chief implicit assumption underlying the classical theory of the economy was that of perfect knowledge . `` Risks , '' he wrote , `` were supposed to be capable of an exact actuarial computation .
Yet he thought that this was a price -- possibly compensated by education -- worth paying , since the widening of the market increased the growth of wealth .
Of course , this is a fallacy when resources are scarce , but even economists never thought that growth would continue forever .
Liberal cycles , the historian Arthur Schlesinger thought , succumb to the corruption of power , conservative cycles to the corruption of money .
Indeed , some thought should be given to an exit strategy from cheap and unconditional IMF financing .
And intercontinental flights would be an even greater trial without the gas turbines invented in the 1930 's by Frank Whittle -LRB- who thought about turbofans , now the dominant commercial design , even before he built the first turbojet -RRB- and Joachim Pabst von Ohain .
In 1999 , Turkey did not want to become an accession candidate , because its leaders thought that the conditions would be too tough .
Only a strong leader , de Gaulle thought , could have avoided defeat .
What we have learned from recent years ' experience -- what we should have known all along -- is that the supremacy of critical thought in political discourse can not be taken for granted .
Germans should consider the following thought experiment : withdrawal from the euro .
But the thought experiment may be useful in preventing the unthinkable from actually happening .
And it should be thought of as an addition to the guiding norms , rules , and ethics associated with `` normal '' times .
Thus , we should also accept the need for much more conservative fiscal positioning than was thought necessary even three years ago .
Soon afterward , Germany 's finance minister called US policy `` clueless , '' while his South African counterpart thought that the Fed 's move undermined the G-20 leaders ' `` spirit of multilateral cooperation . ''
Imperial Hubris The United States , with its claims of exceptionalism , is usually thought of as free of historical analogies .
This ever-changing identity was startling , but , on second thought , it made sense : after all , Charles de Gaulle famously said that it is difficult to govern a country with 246 types of cheese .
China is often thought to be governed by the Han majority .
At the time , many thought that such lofty appeals were a deliberate attempt to forestall real reform : those who had done well under the old system knew that the crisis would pass , and with it , so too would the demand for reform .
How to Fail to Recover NEW YORK -- Some people thought that Barack Obama 's election would turn everything around for America .
Indeed , the efforts to rescue them devoted so little thought to the kind of post-crisis financial system we want that we will end up with a banking system that is less competitive , with the large banks that were too big too fail even larger .
One might have thought that the United States would have taken a leadership role , since the crisis was made there .
Just as the crisis has reinvigorated thinking about the need for regulation , so it has given new impetus to the exploration of alternative strands of thought that would provide better insights into how our complex economic system functions -- and perhaps also to the search for policies that might avert a recurrence of the recent calamity .
In a world of human fallibility and imperfect understanding of the complexity of the economy , INET holds out the promise of the pursuit of alternative strands of thought -- and thereby at least ameliorating this costly market imperfection .
One might have thought that the crisis itself would undermine confidence in that ideology .
Growth , it was thought , might slow slightly in 2011 , but it would be a minor bump on the way to robust recovery .
Its people have acted with purpose and thoughtfulness in setting up an interim government , as Tunisians of talent and achievement have , on a moment 's notice , volunteered to serve their country at this critical juncture .
Finally , as a new order seemed to emerge in the aftermath of the US-made Great Recession , the G-20 agreed -LRB- or so it was thought -RRB- that the next IMF head would be chosen in an open and transparent manner .
They can not compete with efficient steel mills elsewhere - including -LRB- perish the thought -RRB- Korea 's state-owned steel company .
He thought fiscal policy particularly important in situations where monetary policy was likely to be ineffective .
War is widely thought to be linked to economic good times .
One would have thought that the developing countries would look forward to the meeting as a chance to achieve a fairer global trading system .
Experience in developing countries , where virtually all of the crises with which the IMF has had to deal occur , was not even thought to be a pre-requisite !
Those below him claim that they were just doing what they thought was expected of them .
At one time , it was thought that since developing countries had less capital than more developed countries , merely supplying more capital would solve their problems .
Of course , Mobutu 's boundless corruption challenges us to be thoughtful about foreign aid , both about how the money is spent and who is responsible for `` delivering '' assistance .
China 's growth continues to astound the world ; indeed , new GDP data suggest that its economy is 20 % larger than previously thought .
No wonder that Bolivians thought they were being cheated and demanded a new deal .
The reported costs of global warming are higher than in earlier studies because it takes into account the mounting evidence that the process of global warming is highly complex and non-linear , with a non-negligible chance that it may proceed much faster than had previously been thought and that the extent of warming may be much greater than had previously been thought .
In the early 1990 's , the Fed , and many others , thought that the NAIRU was around 6 % -6.2 % .
Once , the `` New Economy '' was thought to mean the end of the business cycle .
Before the crisis , some thought risk premia for developing countries were irrationally low .
These countries are now growing at 5 % or 6 % or more -- not quite as fast as in the days of the East Asia miracle , but far more rapidly than many thought possible in the aftermath of the crisis .
It used to be thought that wars were good for the economy .
After all , World War II is widely thought to have helped lift the global economy out of the Great Depression .
Too often , expert opinion is thought most useful to policymakers when presented as a single `` definitive '' interpretation .
Pressures on emerging-market countries , which were once thought by many to have `` decoupled '' from the rest of the world , have intensified as foreign loans are called in and assets sold off .
Now Taiwan has become something of a diplomatic afterthought because it no longer makes trouble . At the US-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue , indeed , Taiwan was barely mentioned , as North Korea , Iran , and the value of the renminbi claimed the most attention .
He thought of deserting , but stayed for fear of being caught and shot .
Policies that help train the next generation of North Africans , and allow them to circulate more freely between Europe and their home countries , are a much smarter solution than the current approach , which sustains illegal migration without meeting Europe 's labor needs . This is an argument not for more migration , but for better migration -- well thought out and planned .
Berlusconi 's Silent Majority Economic Policy , April 2001 , www.economic-policy.org -RRB- , of those who answered or had an opinion , 51 % in Italy wanted a smaller welfare state -- i.e. , they thought that the government should reduce taxes while at the same time cutting pensions and other transfers to households .
Lula 's government has thought long and hard about how to manage the oil wealth , and has devised a unique program .
Lula 's administration has even thought about creating a new national oil company to deal only with the new fields .
Block thought persists in part because its critics on each side are unknown to those on the other side .
Indeed , how many times does a critic of European block thought meet this kind of response : `` But where are the Muslims who are criticizing extremist Islam ? ''
At his meeting with his Chinese counterpart , Yang Jiechi , Mukherjee was told what his hosts thought of the Dalai Lama 's activities and statements in India , and was reminded that the border incidents reflected different perceptions of where the border lies .
The originality of Gandhi 's thought and the example of his life still inspire people around the world today -- as Liu Xiaobo would readily admit .
NEW DELHI -- Indian diplomacy began 2011 with election to the chair of the United Nations Counter-Terrorism Committee , a body of some importance to the country -LRB- and one which many thought India might not be asked to lead , given its strong feelings on the issue -RRB- .
That idea has knit together a country that many thought would not survive , and whose 60th birthday is therefore well worth celebrating .
I have often thought that cricket is really , in the sociologist Ashis Nandy 's phrase , an Indian game accidentally discovered by the British .
Careful thought would need to be given to the composition of the new fiscal body .
Fertilizer and spraying were both more expensive than I thought .
We seem to have thought that the mere act of ratifying a new basic law would instantly end our country 's many problems .
The very people who in 2000 called Putin a man they could do business with are having second thoughts .
Who could have thought that , given the chaotic Russia of the 1990 's , only ten years later it would be in the position to bail out a developed country ?
When the economy was near collapse during the recent crisis , we thought that the government would recognize the need to push ahead with radical reforms that would eventually lead to a diverse , de-centralized , and fast-growing economy .
Such thinking reflects an age-old fear : as Plato put it , citizens would get '' information without proper instruction and , in consequence , be thought very knowledgeable when they are for the most part quite ignorant . '' It is a fear that has echoed down through history ever since , from the Catholic Church cursing Gutenberg 's movable type to the Victorian bourgeois complaining of the newly discovered freedom of the press .
The nuclear power crisis at Japan 's Fukushima power plant has served as a dreadful reminder that events thought unlikely can and do happen .
Now , as president , Yanukovich 's crude instinct is to treat the law and constitution as Karl Marx thought of them : as a mixture of sentimentality , superstition , and the unconscious rationalization of private interests .
More and more members of a governmental machine that thought it could impose a fraudulent election on Ukraine 's people are shying away from imposing that choice by force .
Junta leader Senior General Than Shwe `` lost face '' and promptly disappeared from public view so completely that some Burmese thought he had died .
They have amassed a talented and dedicated corps of litigators whose meticulous preparation and thoughtful analyses have been critical to the court 's work .
Many thought that he was moving too far , too fast ; that he was expecting too much from Malays asked to make the cultural quantum leap from village to boardroom in a generation .
Chinese spokesmen denounced this as a throwback to the days when America thought it could , and should , try to `` contain '' the People 's Republic .
Now that the US has at last begun to move , gradually and thoughtfully , away from the passions that characterized the country 's response to the 2001 terrorist attacks , it is worth asking if Bill Clinton was right to say that America 's virtues and assets always prevail against its vices and defects .
The discovery that the link between negative moods and negative thoughts remains ready to be reactivated even when people feel well is hugely important : it means that preventing future crises depends on learning how to keep mild upsets from spiraling out of control .
Participants develop the capacity to allow distressing moods , thoughts , and sensations to come and go , without having to battle with them .
Europeans can continue to avoid responsibility for their own security , and to invoke the catechism of `` NATO , the corner-stone of our security '' as a substitute for serious strategic thought .
But , in my half-century of close acquaintance with Japanese life , I have never thought of the Japanese as stoic .
But a minority school argues that China should rely instead on the country 's traditional political thought , emphasizing the universal value of traditional Chinese philosophy .
While People 's Daily , the Chinese Communist Party 's official newspaper , consistently attacks that position , the Party itself has been rehabilitating Confucius , the central figure in Chinese traditional thought , going so far as to erect a statue of him in Tiananmen Square .
Indeed , Henry Kissinger once told me that he believes that Chinese traditional thought has a greater chance than any foreign ideology -LRB- say , Marxism or liberalism -RRB- of becoming the dominant intellectual force behind Chinese foreign policymaking .
This change may augur future adjustments in China 's foreign policy as well , for `` happiness '' is a word used more frequently in Chinese traditional political thought than in Marxist political philosophy .
Today , it is impossible to tell what impact and how much influence Chinese traditional political thought -- the traditional concern with moral duty , happiness , and honor -- will have on China 's foreign policy .
In particular , can it defeat the Salafi\/Wahhabi thought that has long nurtured Osama bin Laden and his ilk , and which remains the professed and protected ideology of Saudi Arabia ?
The Jews ' return to Israel was not colonialism , as the Arabs thought .
Because the Arabs had no corresponding historical model from which to learn how to relate to the phenomenon that had overtaken them , they tried to interpret Zionism as colonialism , and thought that other nations ' fight against colonialism provided a model for resistance .
The campaign against under-recognition has probably resulted in some anxious , agitated , and\/or irritable depressed patients who complain of insomnia and `` racing thoughts '' being misdiagnosed with bipolar disorder .
If European officials thought Greece needed to be saved , an immediate European intervention in favor of Greece would have minimized the resources required .
If they thought Greece needed to go bankrupt , an immediate decision to that effect would have minimized the cost as well .
