Abbas says that if a coalition government is not agreed upon within the next two weeks , he will dissolve the current government , a move Hamas will not tolerate .
Turkey 's bureaucrats , politicians , and citizens united to fulfill the Copenhagen criteria for EU membership and tolerated the pain of the IMF-directed structural-adjustment programs .
The first three -- free market reform , the rule of law , and a pragmatic foreign policy -- have been widely acclaimed , while the fourth -- `` managed democracy '' -- has been tolerated because it has brought political stability .
It is the worst form of capitalism , not only because of the extreme inequality in income and wealth that such economies tolerate , but also because the elites do not promote growth as the central goal of economic policy .
President Putin tolerated a US presence in Central Asia to assist in the campaign against the Taliban in Afghanistan and raised no serious objections when the US trashed the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty prohibiting strategic missile defenses .
During the Cold War , most Europeans tolerated America 's tendency to lead unilaterally , because of the Soviet threat and the preponderance of US power .
It is extraordinary to even consider that Pakistan 's military high command could have tolerated Bin Laden 's presence , given that he and Ayman al-Zawahiri , his second-in-command , had declared war on Pakistan .
Expressions of nationalism in postwar European democracies were always tolerated in soccer stadiums , not in public life .
Allowing recognized artists to get away with behavior that would not be tolerated in lesser men is a tribute France pays to superior talent .
For the populists , however , the real enemies -- perhaps even more nefarious than the immigrants themselves -- are the `` cosmopolitan elites '' who tolerate and even encourage these horrors .
Hu told Bush that the Taiwan issue was `` very sensitive , '' and that China would `` absolutely not tolerate Taiwan independence . ''
But violence should never be tolerated .
The first feature of the liberal order is that democracies must not tolerate those who set out to destroy democracy .
Since the 1960 's , such proscriptions have weakened until , in the end , explicit sexuality , violence , blasphemy -- while upsetting to some people -- were tolerated as a part of the enlightened world .
The authorities have tolerated somewhat greater volatility in domestic inflation rates as a consequence .
No such government today , I said , could or would tolerate any prolonged period in which the unemployment rate was kissing 10 % and inflation was quiescent without doing something major about it .
We know that when Americans become confident again -- when they believe that they could find new jobs if they lost their current ones , and when they can no longer tolerate doubling-up with their in-laws -- they will demand more dwellings than the country has today .
At the heart of the American-Iranian conflict is a deep mistrust about each nation 's readiness to tolerate the presence of the other on the world stage .
Mussa was also remarkable for a flamboyant presentation of his views , which was hard for some IMF folk to tolerate in so stuffy environment .
To help things along , someone should file a lawsuit -- not too many ! -- against ISPs who tolerate misbehavior . The targets should be ISPs that willfully serve criminal customers , refusing to deal with complaints to the point that ignorance is no longer a legitimate excuse .
Only chaos-lovers wish for such an outcome , but it is possible if core governments continue to hesitate in engaging their balance sheets ; if peripheral governments abandon their fiscal-reform efforts ; and\/or if societies can no longer tolerate economic stagnation , high and rising unemployment , and budget austerity .
The government thus made an implicit deal with its citizens : political dissent would not be tolerated , but , in exchange , the state would guarantee economic growth .
John F. Kennedy refused to tolerate the Soviet military presence in Cuba .
GM crops that resist certain pests and tolerate herbicides have gained rapid acceptance in many countries .
But how many bailouts will the people of the Western democracies tolerate before the crisis of the global financial system turns into a crisis of Western democracy ?
But Russia , China , and India are big states and will not tolerate any detachment of their territories . So there is no serious international effort to force them to do so .
In South Africa , Blacks achieved political dominance over the descendants of British and Afrikaner settlers , large numbers of whom remain as a tolerated minority .
Bringing about a lasting cease-fire in Lebanon will also help calm the emotions that will lead some to become terrorists and others to tolerate or support them .
For too long , America tolerated a `` democratic exception '' in the Muslim Middle East .
Weak governments can be made stronger ; governments that tolerate or support terrorism must be held accountable .
Terrorism must lose its legitimacy among those who have historically supported or tolerated it before it will lose its potency .
The Netherlands , which is popularly believed to have legalized cannabis use along these lines , has in fact tolerated only small-scale retail sales of marijuana in a limited number of coffee shops in its larger cities .
It is my profound conviction that Russia does not deserve that we behave towards it as we would towards a leper , an invalid or a child who requires special treatment and whose whims , no matter how dangerous , must be understood and tolerated .
This treatment is unlikely to cause many side effects ; prolonged treatments with PARP inhibitors are well tolerated in mice .
Since the US can not get directly at amorphous terrorist networks themselves , it should exert pressure against governments that tolerate terrorists on their territory as well as those that directly sponsor it .
Feared and loathed by its neighbors , Saddam 's regime not only tolerates , but also actively sponsors , terrorism and is working furiously to produce weapons of mass destruction that can be used against Israel and the West .
Will they tolerate dissent ?
Still , even assuming that the American public would tolerate such a presence , the Iraqi public would not .
Hank Paulson , who came to America 's Treasury from the strongest US investment bank , Goldman Sachs , made the purgation gamble in allowing Lehman Brothers to go under . He argued that the US could not tolerate a bailout culture .
The alternative approach was that of Canada , which , because of its roots in secure British rule , had much less fear of political centralization , and was prepared to tolerate a nation-wide banking system .
The Greek government 's misstatement of its fiscal position , coupled with the realization that the European Commission had overlooked or tolerated the Greeks ' accounting legerdemain , triggered the euro crisis in 2010 .
We may get a better picture of China 's public health system as a result of the SARS crisis , but when it comes to the country 's political health , there is little to suggest that criticism will be tolerated or opposition allowed .
That Prime Minister Abe and Chinese President Hu Jintao agreed that a North Korean nuclear test `` can not be tolerated '' suggests that this new activism may help to stabilize Asian security .
But the issue goes beyond education . Coerced into feeling the need to atone to China , Japan passively tolerated recent episodes of worrying Chinese behavior .
Khamenei has never been willing to tolerate a president with a large independent power base .
Sufficient unto themselves behind the Kremlin 's walls , Putin and his officials rule in ways more arbitrary and opaque than would be tolerated in a true democracy .
He became known as `` The Peasants ' Tsar , '' though he did n't tolerate any opposition thinking contrary to his own .
By 1968 , the Polish regime could no longer tolerate his presence .
Withdrawal by the US from the current push to restart negotiations would send a clear message that bad behavior will not be tolerated , and would encourage Israelis , who overwhelmingly want peace , to force a change in their own government 's position .
France , the United Kingdom , Australia , Sweden , Norway , and Switzerland all support this urgent agenda , and agree that impunity for this type of global crime can no longer be tolerated .
Indeed , Niyazov 's demise highlights the broader problems of Central Asia 's post-Soviet regimes , which , with the exception of Kyrgyzstan , are run by Soviet-era bosses who , while not nearly as eccentric or egomaniacal as Niyazov , tolerate little dissent or opposition .
Even a tolerant country such as Sweden must not tolerate those who preach intolerance .
This implies critical faculties and the ability to tolerate criticism .
Moreover , the current EU member states will not only have to be able to tolerate the criticism by central , eastern , and southern Europeans of western civilization , but also to take such criticism into consideration as they ponder policy .
Time and again throughout the course of our lives , we must bring ourselves to tolerate opinions and behaviors that seem contrary to our own .
Their aim is to discourage the US and the Europeans from starting another crisis -- financial markets and everyday politics in Europe can tolerate only so much conflict .
The Chinese official newspaper Global Times denounces Ai as a `` maverick , '' and mavericks are not tolerated in China .
No other major team sport tolerates the arrogance of governing bodies who feel no responsibility to explain their actions .
The belief that terrorism can not be eradicated assumes that the ability to tolerate terrorist attacks -- to `` ride out the storm '' -- is greater than the willingness of terrorists to persist , or even escalate the attacks .
While true , it is not clear that a willingness to tolerate the freedom of others , which democracy requires , is equally widespread .
It reminds us that much of success in a capitalist society is based on cultural and historical factors that produce qualities such as innovativeness , willingness to tolerate risk , and willingness to defer gratification through savings and education .
Moreover , in her description of our evolution , Fisher notes that males who could tolerate long periods of silence -LRB- waiting for animals while in hunt mode -RRB- survived to pass on their genes , thus genetically selecting to prefer `` space . ''
Will the American public tolerate an imperial role ?
His leadership success came from his bureaucratic skill in cultivating Congressional support and obtaining resources , and from a rigid discipline that tolerated no failures among his officers .
Managers are described as those who merely embrace processes and seek stability , while leaders tolerate risk and create change .
Negotiations are underway to revise a draft EU constitution . Some Europeans worry that the constitution will enable courts to carry the integration process further and faster than public opinion in member states will tolerate .
But , in confidential briefings , Nigeria has strongly hinted that it will not tolerate any foreign incursions on a vital and strategic resource in its own backyard .
For many years after Lukashenko was first elected , in 1994 -LRB- he has ruled without interruption ever since -RRB- , most Belarusians did perhaps tolerate the regime , because they believed that it protected them from the worst excesses of neighboring Russia 's `` Wild East '' capitalism : corrupt privatization , job losses , and mafia rule .
Amid mounting repression and growing Western protest , Lukashenko vowed in his inauguration address in January that he would tolerate no threat to `` stability . ''
Such rights can be tolerated only as minimum social safeguards , which the ADB is trying to neuter through another ongoing review .
The American administration made it clear that military intervention by Turkey in Northern Iraq would not be tolerated .
Those who not only tolerated but actively encouraged the excesses of countries like Latvia -- by making eventual euro adoption a precondition for European Union membership , and promising that it would produce only growth , prosperity , and discipline -- are those who should be chased by the blame game .
On global issues , it has not backed the US in the Iraq war , it does not tolerate American disdain for multilateralism and it is unwilling to join the anti-terror crusade .
China 's Communist Party will not tolerate any questioning of this assessment .
Even if the US further postpones retrenchment , the US Congress is unlikely to tolerate an appreciation of the US dollar that makes European exporters more competitive and shifts the burden of sustaining the recovery onto US consumers .
Thailand 's six-decade-old incumbent regime , which relies on symbiosis between the monarchy and the military , is unable to tolerate elections that empower the rural masses unwittingly awakened by Thaksin 's premiership .
We need not tolerate 9 % unemployment as the new normal .
Among his key proposals was the replacement of the largely discredited UN Commission on Human Rights -- a body that has no mechanism for excluding even notorious human-rights violators like Libya , Cuba , or Zimbabwe -- with a new Human Rights Council , where such embarrassments would in theory not be tolerated .
Those who foresee war argue that Israel is unwilling to tolerate a heavily armed Iranian proxy on its border while tensions with Iran over the nuclear issue remain unresolved .
Sadly , Russia 's leaders have tolerated , if not encouraged , fear of foreigners and assaults on those whose appearance differs from the average Russian .
Will he tolerate and endorse his prime minister 's personal aversions , or is he willing to put an end to the infamous spectacle of a judicial process that has been manipulated and abused from beginning to end ?
Call this ideology-free democracy : a political system that tolerates restrictions imposed only from within , never from outside , the democratic process itself .
They also tolerate enterprise or government policies that encourage high saving .
As this change unfolds , the enormous willingness to save , and to tolerate high-saving government policies , will fade .
South Africa must tap into the growing concern among Zimbabwe 's neighbors -LRB- Angola , Botswana , Tanzania , and Zambia -RRB- about the political crisis , and forge a united front within the SADC that sends a clear message to Mugabe and his generals that the region will no longer tolerate their actions .
In the opportunity culture of the United States , by contrast , conspicuous consumption was more tolerated .
One dividing line is between societies that tolerate self-enrichment through politics , and those that demand that the two spheres be kept separate .
Liberal societies must tolerate some degree of crime and corruption .
Most people , it seems , will tolerate a modest amount of political repression , including secret police , torture , and corruption , if it delivers security and a modicum of prosperity and fairness .
Bush makes no allowance for the possibility that he may be wrong , and he tolerates no dissent .
What happened at Abu Ghraib was not a case of a few bad apples , but a pattern tolerated and even encouraged by American authorities .
Of course , European societies should not tolerate criminality and anti-social behavior .
In Turkey , the only religious education that is tolerated is under the strict control of the state , whereas in France a wide variety of privately supported religious education is allowed , and since 1959 the state has paid for much of the Catholic Church 's primary school costs .
There is also a deeper point in this contrast : our societies tolerate inequalities because they are viewed to be socially useful ; it is the price we pay for having incentives that motivate people to act in ways that promote societal well-being .
In Russia , an independent central banker , Viktor Gerashencko , could not be removed for years , though he tolerated both inflation and corruption .
Boris Yeltsin was friendly to the West , tolerated open debate , and appointed a few individuals as oligarchs .
We must not tolerate a system of nuclear apartheid , in which it is considered legitimate for some states to possess nuclear arms but patently unacceptable for others to seek to acquire them .
It 's not as if the sex crimes that US leaders either authorized or tolerated are not staring Americans in the face : the images of male prisoners with their heads hooded with women 's underwear ; the documented reports of female US soldiers deployed to smear menstrual blood on the faces of male prisoners , and of military interrogators or contractors forcing prisoners to simulate sex with each other , to penetrate themselves with objects , or to submit to being penetrated by objects .
The greatest crime we committed or tolerated was the savaging of our cherished Constitution .
But when inadmissible norms become tolerated in silence , even the strongest juridical system becomes destabilized .
The sudden discontinuation of the supply of petroleum and natural resources from Russia in the early 1990 's , the failure of the centrally-planned economy , and the subsequent massive famine in the mid-1990 's left North Korea 's leaders no alternative but to tolerate informal market activities .
