Turkey 's bureaucrats , politicians , and citizens united to fulfill the Copenhagen criteria for EU membership and tolerated the pain of the IMF-directed structural-adjustment programs .
The first three -- free market reform , the rule of law , and a pragmatic foreign policy -- have been widely acclaimed , while the fourth -- `` managed democracy '' -- has been tolerated because it has brought political stability .
President Putin tolerated a US presence in Central Asia to assist in the campaign against the Taliban in Afghanistan and raised no serious objections when the US trashed the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty prohibiting strategic missile defenses .
During the Cold War , most Europeans tolerated America 's tendency to lead unilaterally , because of the Soviet threat and the preponderance of US power .
It is extraordinary to even consider that Pakistan 's military high command could have tolerated Bin Laden 's presence , given that he and Ayman al-Zawahiri , his second-in-command , had declared war on Pakistan .
Expressions of nationalism in postwar European democracies were always tolerated in soccer stadiums , not in public life .
Allowing recognized artists to get away with behavior that would not be tolerated in lesser men is a tribute France pays to superior talent .
But violence should never be tolerated .
Since the 1960 's , such proscriptions have weakened until , in the end , explicit sexuality , violence , blasphemy -- while upsetting to some people -- were tolerated as a part of the enlightened world .
The authorities have tolerated somewhat greater volatility in domestic inflation rates as a consequence .
The government thus made an implicit deal with its citizens : political dissent would not be tolerated , but , in exchange , the state would guarantee economic growth .
In South Africa , Blacks achieved political dominance over the descendants of British and Afrikaner settlers , large numbers of whom remain as a tolerated minority .
For too long , America tolerated a `` democratic exception '' in the Muslim Middle East .
Terrorism must lose its legitimacy among those who have historically supported or tolerated it before it will lose its potency .
The Netherlands , which is popularly believed to have legalized cannabis use along these lines , has in fact tolerated only small-scale retail sales of marijuana in a limited number of coffee shops in its larger cities .
It is my profound conviction that Russia does not deserve that we behave towards it as we would towards a leper , an invalid or a child who requires special treatment and whose whims , no matter how dangerous , must be understood and tolerated .
This treatment is unlikely to cause many side effects ; prolonged treatments with PARP inhibitors are well tolerated in mice .
The Greek government 's misstatement of its fiscal position , coupled with the realization that the European Commission had overlooked or tolerated the Greeks ' accounting legerdemain , triggered the euro crisis in 2010 .
We may get a better picture of China 's public health system as a result of the SARS crisis , but when it comes to the country 's political health , there is little to suggest that criticism will be tolerated or opposition allowed .
That Prime Minister Abe and Chinese President Hu Jintao agreed that a North Korean nuclear test `` can not be tolerated '' suggests that this new activism may help to stabilize Asian security .
But the issue goes beyond education . Coerced into feeling the need to atone to China , Japan passively tolerated recent episodes of worrying Chinese behavior .
Sufficient unto themselves behind the Kremlin 's walls , Putin and his officials rule in ways more arbitrary and opaque than would be tolerated in a true democracy .
Withdrawal by the US from the current push to restart negotiations would send a clear message that bad behavior will not be tolerated , and would encourage Israelis , who overwhelmingly want peace , to force a change in their own government 's position .
France , the United Kingdom , Australia , Sweden , Norway , and Switzerland all support this urgent agenda , and agree that impunity for this type of global crime can no longer be tolerated .
The Chinese official newspaper Global Times denounces Ai as a `` maverick , '' and mavericks are not tolerated in China .
His leadership success came from his bureaucratic skill in cultivating Congressional support and obtaining resources , and from a rigid discipline that tolerated no failures among his officers .
Such rights can be tolerated only as minimum social safeguards , which the ADB is trying to neuter through another ongoing review .
The American administration made it clear that military intervention by Turkey in Northern Iraq would not be tolerated .
Those who not only tolerated but actively encouraged the excesses of countries like Latvia -- by making eventual euro adoption a precondition for European Union membership , and promising that it would produce only growth , prosperity , and discipline -- are those who should be chased by the blame game .
Among his key proposals was the replacement of the largely discredited UN Commission on Human Rights -- a body that has no mechanism for excluding even notorious human-rights violators like Libya , Cuba , or Zimbabwe -- with a new Human Rights Council , where such embarrassments would in theory not be tolerated .
Sadly , Russia 's leaders have tolerated , if not encouraged , fear of foreigners and assaults on those whose appearance differs from the average Russian .
In the opportunity culture of the United States , by contrast , conspicuous consumption was more tolerated .
What happened at Abu Ghraib was not a case of a few bad apples , but a pattern tolerated and even encouraged by American authorities .
In Turkey , the only religious education that is tolerated is under the strict control of the state , whereas in France a wide variety of privately supported religious education is allowed , and since 1959 the state has paid for much of the Catholic Church 's primary school costs .
In Russia , an independent central banker , Viktor Gerashencko , could not be removed for years , though he tolerated both inflation and corruption .
Boris Yeltsin was friendly to the West , tolerated open debate , and appointed a few individuals as oligarchs .
It 's not as if the sex crimes that US leaders either authorized or tolerated are not staring Americans in the face : the images of male prisoners with their heads hooded with women 's underwear ; the documented reports of female US soldiers deployed to smear menstrual blood on the faces of male prisoners , and of military interrogators or contractors forcing prisoners to simulate sex with each other , to penetrate themselves with objects , or to submit to being penetrated by objects .
The greatest crime we committed or tolerated was the savaging of our cherished Constitution .
But when inadmissible norms become tolerated in silence , even the strongest juridical system becomes destabilized .
