Artfully , though shamelessly , he has tried to sell this action as an effort to bring about stability and help fight the war on terror more effectively .
Musharraf and his political allies tried to adjust to this new reality , but their patience ran out when the Supreme Court took up petitions against Musharraf 's decision to run for president .
Rather than taking responsibility for the deteriorating security situation -LRB- as evidenced by regular suicide bomb attacks -RRB- and the increasing Talibanization of the tribal areas , Musharraf has tried to blame the judiciary and media .
Over the 1990s , Argentina tried to tie its hands against such policies by instituting a currency board .
My days back in Russia were divided between official meetings , hours wasted in traffic jams , and nights spent with old friends who tried to show me the best of Moscow nightlife .
In many towns and villages , there was no electricity , so water pumps were not operable . `` No one even tried to save us , '' they wailed to Putin , who was accompanied by the regional governor , Valery Shantsev .
We tried to change our flights and return to Nigeria , but there were no flights available .
When we tried to escape , the rebels captured us .
The ayatollah-dictator and the Revolutionary Guards have tried their best to discredit their opponents by concocting , through forced confessions at show trials , a conspiracy of regime change based on a `` velvet revolution '' produced by `` Western social sciences . ''
But Libya is not the only country that has tried to move from dictatorship to democracy with weak institutions and strong tribal identities .
Hussein was tried with the help of a United States-led coalition ; Ben Ali was tried and convicted in absentia , after fleeing to Saudi Arabia .
An avid reader of opinion polls , he tried enigmatically to be everything to all voters .
Where fisheries agreements are not succeeding , conservation agreements must be tried and applied .
Kurdish terrorists have been active in Turkey for decades ; Islamic terrorists assassinated President Anwar Sadat in l981 and later tried to assassinate President Mubarak .
At the same time , Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas -LRB- Abu Mazen -RRB- , who represents Fatah , which lost the January elections , has tried in vain to find common ground with Hamas through an ambiguous text known as `` The Prisoners ' Document . ''
The more moderate Haifa Arabs tried , not very successfully , to stay out of the fray .
The Oslo process tried to build a Palestinian state from the top down : create a Palestinian national authority , hand over territory to it , give it increasing power , arm it and finance it , hold elections , and a Palestinian state would emerge .
Opening an impressive new page , Turkey reached out to Armenia ; softened its position on Cyprus ; tried to draw Iran into a positive dialogue with the West ; convinced Syria to settle the two countries ' simmering border dispute ; and , as a crowning achievement , launched peace talks between Syria and Israel under Turkish mediation .
On July 3 , Karma 's elder brother , Rinchen Samdrup , 46 , was tried on charges of `` endangering state security . ''
But local officials could not have arranged for Karma to be tried in far-away Xinjiang , let alone persuade the central government to ban the brothers ' innocuous book about their love of nature .
If it continues to allow such cases to go forward , it risks losing even more credibility among those Tibetans who , like the three environmentalists , have tried to stay within the law and avoid politics .
One lesson of Sadat 's initiative is that in protracted conflicts where deep emotions and historical hatreds are involved , when almost every conceivable diplomatic formula has been tried and failed , the shock of a visionary , generous , and imaginative step can open new paths .
Across the region , countless exchange-rate regimes have been tried -- some succeeding , others failing abysmally .
Those who bravely tried to list them came out with three-digit totals .
They constantly underplayed the extent of the crisis , and tried to sell the idea that Italy had largely been insulated from the global recession .
Should Saddam be tried by Iraqis in Iraq , or should he face an international tribunal ?
But , unlike Venezuela and Nicaragua , where corruption scandals are a pox on political life , Morales has tried to govern `` cleanly '' and , for the most part , has succeeded .
Their anger , inflamed in March when he tried unsuccessfully to sack the Supreme Court 's independent-minded chief justice , rages on .
But Senegal 's highest court later ruled that Habré could not be tried for crimes allegedly committed in Chad because Senegal did not have a long-arm law like Belgium 's .
The Habré case poses no such problems , because Habré is no longer in office and because Chad , where the crimes were committed , and Senegal , where Habré resides , are both ready to see him tried in Belgium .
No less a figure than Alexander Pushkin wrote in 1836 that `` Orthodoxy has always been persecuted by Catholic fanaticism ... Their missionaries cursed the Orthodox Church , with hypocrisy and threats tried to recruit into Catholicism not only ordinary people but Orthodox priests as well . '' Those Russians who continue to view the Catholic Church as a threat regularly quote these lines .
In 2003 , the international community tried to persuade Karimov to publicly denounce torture before an annual meeting of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development -LRB- EBRD -RRB- .
Republican populists have long tried to depict their Democratic opponents , often with great success , as `` un-American '' elitists , intellectuals , and the kind of guys who speak French -- in short , `` Europeans . ''
Corruption scandals erupted from time to time , but these , too , were usually part of intra-party maneuvers to rein in politicians who got too big for their britches , or who tried to grab power before their time .
If he decides to resist being tried in a court of law , like any other offender , this would be understandable .
Both questions reveal how much we still live in the shadow of the Nuremberg Tribunal , where the Nazi leaders were tried by an international judicial panel .
He will be tried for genocide , because the UN 's tribunal for ex-Yugoslavia and the International Court of Justice decided that the Bosnian Serbs were genocidal .
Calderón had tried to sell his `` war on drugs '' by insisting that he is waging it to `` save our children . ''
The Revolution Reborn MEXICO CITY -- In El Salvador , for the first time ever in Latin America , a former political-military organization that tried to gain power through the barrel of a gun has achieved its aims through the ballot box .
They are probably right , up to a certain point , because the second lesson from the OAS assembly concerns the behavior of the Latin American democracies , mainly Mexico , Brazil , Chile , and Colombia . They tried to accommodate the US -LRB- it is rumored that Obama phoned Lula and asked for his help -RRB- , but were nonetheless unwilling to break with Cuba and Venezuela to side openly with the US .
Only 5 % of the remaining 60,000 or so have been tried and sentenced .
The National Police Force that Mexico 's last three presidents -- Ernesto Zedillo , Vicente Fox and Calderón -- have tried to build is still far from ready to replace the Army in drug-enforcement tasks .
For years I 've tried to discover the underpinnings of this homophobia , which remains deeply rooted despite the progressive liberalization of public opinion in most areas of morality : contraception , premarital cohabitation , divorce , single motherhood , women 's rights , have all gradually -LRB- if grudgingly -RRB- been assimilated into the spectrum of `` normal '' behavior .
Germany does not seem to have done too badly in these 60 years , but consider the core of this `` imposition '' : the effort to give enduring political expression to the moral concepts of good and evil that the Nazis tried to invert .
Over the years , the authorities picked up Rivero , questioned him , harassed him , and tried to nudge him off the island , where he would presumably disappear into the black hole of Miami 's exile community .
The Japanese at first tried to appease the Russians , declaring Manchuria beyond its sphere of interest in exchange for a similar guarantee from Russia about Korea .
Since then , the EU has tried a little of this and a little of that : a little common economic policy around the introduction of the Euro , a little common foreign policy around the Iraq war .
On the other hand , economic life flourished earlier in the American zone , whereas the British tried to extract direct benefits by , for example , dismantling steel works and bringing the parts to Britain .
In many cases , people may not have tried hard enough .
Yet some tried to turn it into a new ideological edifice .
America 's twin fiscal and trade deficits may prove to be solvable problems , but new ways will have to be tried to resolve them .
He was the counterpoint to Pope John XXIII , who , through the Second Vatican Council of the 1960 's and in numerous other ways , tried to reconcile Catholics with the modern age .
Pope John Paul arrested this process and even tried to reverse it .
Even if national parliaments tried to come to grips with such developments , they would fail .
Two generations ago , most countries had censors who not only tried to prevent younger people from seeing certain films but who actually banned books .
After WWII , they tried an entirely new tack , with the great experiment of European integration and institution building .
The British government tried to wriggle out of taking sides on the implications of the French and Dutch votes by saying that it would suspend its own plans for a referendum , but not cancel it outright .
Coming from anyone else , Blair 's proposal to re-think the CAP might seem reasonable ; indeed , over the years , the EU has tried -LRB- slowly -RRB- to reform its defects .
When economic historians examine the Great Recession , their overwhelming consensus is likely to be that its depth and duration reflected governments ' refusal to try to do more , not that they tried to do too much .
Strident and self-absorbed by narrow partisanship , administration officials have actually betrayed the conservative ideological cause , dismantling the tried-and-tested institutional foundations of America 's economic prosperity and global security .
The saddest of the books on my office bookshelf is an old one published nearly a century ago : Norman Angell 's The Great Illusion : A Study of the Relation of Military Power in Nations to Their Economic and Social Advantage , which tried to prove that military conquest was obsolete .
A little more than a decade ago , Lloyd Bentsen , President Bill Clinton 's first Treasury Secretary , tried to ensure precisely that , proposing to use a `` BTU tax '' to close America 's fiscal deficit .
China 's Blackstone Coup When China National Offshore Oil Company tried to buy America 's UNOCAL two years ago , it set off a political firestorm in the United States .
Because it tried to keep the private sector private , it sought to avoid partial or full nationalization of the components of the banking system deemed too big to fail .
There are clear parallels between that situation and the way in which the common law has offered little redress to patients who have tried to claim property rights in tissue taken from them , or to activists seeking to limit the powers of Big Biotech over human genetic patents .
Myriad Genetics also has tried to pursue patent rights in Europe , but there its claims have been largely rejected .
We know that from such cases as that of John Moore , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
Russia has tried for years to get away from Cold War thinking and to persuade our partners to drop their stereotypes .
As the two brothers sat on platforms together , challenging each other 's views , they tried to maintain the double fiction that , on the one hand , there was no special bond between them , and , on the other , that their sometimes fierce disagreements did not taint their fraternal affections .
One view is that their surpluses were a corollary of the policies favoring export-led growth that worked so well for so long . China 's leaders are understandably reluctant to abandon a tried-and-true model .
Some of these people will be murdered rather than tried ; others will be tried by state-appointed judges rather than murdered .
Nevertheless , for a while Prokhorov tried to play politics according to the Byzantine rules that govern Russian elections -- and that benefit United Russia , the Putin-built replica of the Soviet-era Communist Party .
It is not for nothing that Ukraine 's President Viktor Yushchenko tried , or so it is said , to make this clear to the Polish leadership in several telephone calls .
Its proponents forget the experience of the first half of the twentieth century , when authoritarian modernization was tried in both Germany and Russia -- with disastrous results .
But Merkel has n't tried to press her luck since then .
Much to his credit -- and in contrast to his immediate predecessor -- Obama tried , from his first day in office , to work towards a resolution of the conflict between Israelis and Palestinians .
Europe has already tried incentives for withdrawal , but that alone will not suffice ; the cost of occupation must also be raised .
Last year , we tried to analyze the errors that led the world into economic crisis .
The UN has tried to delimit the scope of self-defense , but it goes too far by permitting states to resort to force only if `` an armed attack occurs . ''
When his trial began , the prosecution tried to exclude Hamdan from the room during the testimony of a witness against him . The government wanted to protect its sources .
Everyone agrees that , under US law , the jurisdiction of military tribunals is limited to violations of the laws of war , so if conspiracy can not be charged , Hamdan and others like him can not be tried in any military courts , not just the ad hoc commissions .
So , why has it not been tried before ?
Despite the advent of the European Central Bank , this asymmetry continues : while the ECB repeatedly tried to break the dollar 's appreciation in 2000-2001 through consecutive interventions in the foreign exchange market , the Fed intervened only once .
While committee members tried to be dispassionate , their own judgment , predilections , and interests necessarily entered into their work , and some championed their own agendas , whether openly or cunningly .
Even when all involved tried to rise above pettiness and partiality , selecting winners was always difficult -- and remains so .
At first , we tried to show our displeasure with military rule by refusing to receive alms from them .
In December 's parliamentary election in Serbia , the extreme nationalist Radical Party achieved the greatest success , and people being tried before the International War Crimes Tribunal in The Hague , such as Vojislav Seslj , the Radicals ' founder and long-time leader , and Slobodan Milosevic , were elected to parliament .
In Chad recently , the French NGO L'Arche de Zoé tried to smuggle children out of the country without obtaining permission from either parents or the government .
The wake-up call for most NGOs came after the Rwandan genocide , when hundreds of small organizations tried to set up ad hoc operations in refugee camps in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Tanzania .
Given time and resource constraints , it is unlikely that more than a dozen defendants will be tried .
Yet , for the last four years , Russia has tried to hinder NATO in every possible way .
To cope with this deficiency , some scientists have tried to reinvent the tools of one level in order to apply them to another .
Yet right after that , the bureaucracy tried to turn the public hearings -- called to give people and civil institutions a voice in solving such problems -- into an empty formality .
Such `` state capture '' occurred in Russia in the late 1990 's and to an even greater extent under the Kuchma regime in neighboring Ukraine which , ironically , Putin tried to preserve .
The Kingdom has no love for Libyan leader Muammar el-Qaddafi , who tried to assassinate King Abdullah and has waged a concerted anti-Saudi propaganda campaign for at least a decade .
I did not shake hands , although both Karadzic and Mladic tried to .
First , they tried to deny the existence of any scientific evidence for global warming .
Until 2000 , the government tended more to rely on the advice of the OSCE , but even since 2001 , it has tried to buttress its position by claiming that it gets along better than ever with the OSCE and its mission .
When an Albanian minister tried last year to raise the question of the duration of the OSCE 's mission , the opposition leapt to the OSCE 's defense .
Knowing this , the Americans have tried over the first six weeks of the war to hold them back , bombing Taliban positions just enough so that they break apart , but not so hard that the Northern Alliance breaks through .
One week after the summit , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton tried to calm the continent 's fears about the US-Colombia agreement , explaining that it is merely a minor revision of the Bill Clinton-era Plan Colombia , an American program to support the government against the drug cartels .
First , private sector solutions have been tried but have failed in a breathtakingly short space of time .
Long before the emergence of the sub-prime mortgage problem , Citigroup was damaged by the behavior of its London traders , who tried to manipulate the European government bond market , and by its Tokyo traders .
In the interwar crisis of democracy , participation in elections surged as voters tried to protest against what the radical parties denounced as `` the system '' . In Germany in 2009 , electoral participation fell by 5 % , to 72.5 % . Those voters who were disillusioned by politics simply thought that there was no point in voting .
Many Europeans tried to argue in recent years that monetary policy should also take asset-price developments into account , whereas American policymakers and academics largely resisted this approach .
Europe tried this combination , and found that even in a regional setting it could not be fully realized .
The US government under President Richard Nixon pressed the Germans and Japanese to revalue their currencies . The Germans did but the Japanese did not , infuriating the US Treasury Secretary , who tried his best to bully Japan .
An effort to diversify by selling a particular asset would have such a large impact on markets that it would produce large losses for any central bank that tried it .
Both Japan and Germany were slow in liberalizing their domestic financial systems as they tried to limit capital inflows for a substantial period of time in order to avoid rapid currency appreciation and the consequent erosion of their export competitiveness .
The 1980 's was the last time anyone tried this sort of intervention .
The Franco-German initiative unveiled at Deauville in early November , which would require some possible measure of restructuring for debt issued after 2013 , tried to avoid the immediate shock of a haircut .
DSK tried to remake the IMF into a doctor of global finance , rather than a policeman .
But exchange-rate appreciation put great strain on the export industries that were central to these countries ' economic performance ; and both countries tried desperately to avoid becoming reserve currencies .
In France , Jean-Marie Messier was deposed from Vivendi Universal for similar reasons , and the Lagardère dynasty tried to regain control .
It tried to redefine itself as a more normal financial institution , less committed to holding long-term strategic stakes in companies .
Pemex tried to put a device called a `` sombrero '' over the Ixtoc leak to collect the oil at the ocean floor , but the plan failed because the structure could not be kept in place .
The regime has tried to separate politics and economics , but Liu has shown that this is impossible .
They still remember the suffering of the Mao years , when China headed in the wrong direction -- and tried to do too much too quickly -- and they vividly recall how the Tiananmen protests brought the regime to its knees , and how urban labor unrest erupted when centrally managed state businesses were merged or closed down in the 1990 's .
In fact , as Acemoglu points out , the powerful private-sector players consistently tried to marginalize Fannie and Freddie and exclude them from rapidly expanding market segments .
India 's Communists had tried to topple the Congress-led government last year in an attempt to scuttle the nuclear deal brokered by the United States , and had vowed to upend it .
Most members of the Falun Gong and other unauthorized religions are arrested and tried for `` using an evil cult to sabotage implementation of the law '' -- a crime categorized as `` disturbing the social order . ''
When Japan 's government tried to become a permanent member of the UN Security Council , few African countries backed its bid , despite receiving economic aid for decades .
Last summer , Hadjiev 's brother and sister were arrested after they collaborated on a documentary about Turkmenistan , and were tried on trumped-up charges of weapons possession .
Moreover , the court has given no explanation of why it is allowing him to be tried on the same embezzlement charge that of which he was acquitted in 2003 .
Muhammad Khatami -LRB- 1997-2005 -RRB- tried to implement dramatic political reform , while Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani -LRB- 1989-97 -RRB- tried to open the Iranian economy to the West .
India tried to mimic the event , with an India-Africa summit in New Delhi in 2008 .
Better to stick to a tried and failed policy than to upset the apple cart , even if the apples were rotten .
Over the years , a mutual friend often tried to introduce me to General Király , but , to my regret , that meeting never happened .
He tried to humanize it and undo the cruelty of Stalinist orthodoxy , but never doubted that the Leninist system was the way of the future .
What if the Polish pilot had obeyed the Russian air traffic controller who tried to divert the plane to Moscow or Minsk ?
I remember a similar analysis in 2000 , when experts tried to equate Putin 's KGB background with US President George H.W. Bush 's years as Director of the CIA .
But the main reason is that we have not tried .
The architects of the Bretton Woods system tried to provide some safeguards against the unilateral opportunism America then exercised .
Critics who want a more activist , growth-oriented monetary policy have tried -- albeit unsuccessfully -- to soften up the 68-year-old Dutchman with personal attacks and degrading insults .
The Church tried everything possible to avoid an unequivocal approval of capitalism .
After Leo XIII stated for the first time -- in the famous encyclical Rerum Novarum in 1891 -- that there are such people as workers and that there are serious social problems , Pius XI , in another encyclical in 1931 , Quadrogesimo Anno , tried to show which economic approach is in keeping with the faith .
When former US president Bill Clinton tried to set up the second Camp David summit , Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat hesitated .
The US tried to bribe the Israelis -- with $ 3 billion in fighter jets and political support at the UN -- into suspending settlement activities for three months .
Throughout the 20 ` th century Estonia tried to achieve a similar goal but , alas , with practically no beneficial results .
For example , Morales tried to appease the Central Obrera unions by offering to nationalize three important mines .
For his part , Armstrong has tried to steer clear of facile associations between his Tour de France triumphs and his recovery from cancer .
In June , Hansen proclaimed that people who spread `` disinformation '' about global warming -- CEOs , politicians , in fact anyone who does n't follow Hansen 's narrow definition of the `` truth '' -- should literally be tried for crimes against humanity .
Less well-known pundits make similar points , suggesting that people with `` incorrect '' views on global warming should face Nuremburg-style trials or be tried for crimes against humanity .
Many Muslims still condemn the founder of modern Turkey , Mustafa Kamal , because he tried to modernize his country .
I must confess that I also tried , several times , to get rid of that inner self , to find a surrogate capable of representing me better on the social scene .
The critic Irving Howe , a New Yorker of long standing , tried to temper my enthusiasm .
The LDP has tried to placate public wrath about a series of political scandals and policy mistakes over the last two years , while the DPJ has attempted to capitalize on these .
He also tried to avoid confrontation with France , awarding the management of the port of Abidjan , the capital , to a French company . But French President Nicolas Sarkozy maintained his visceral opposition to Gbagbo .
We muddled reform on our own . For we often sought to import tried and tested Western practices -- private property , the free market , competition , strict observance of human rights , the creation of civil society , representative democracy -- in diluted forms that would somehow help us maintain elements of Socialism .
Worried by the protests , Khrushchev tried to cool off the anti-Stalin campaign .
Recently , the Congolese militia leader Thomas Lubanga became the first prisoner to be tried at the International Criminal Court in The Hague for the recruitment of child soldiers .
After a three-day chase , on Christmas Day , the dictator and his wife were captured , tried , and summarily executed by a kangaroo `` people 's court . ''
Freedom and independence , to which we tried to point the way , are not accompanied by a sense of solidarity , especially towards those who are weaker and poorer .
Far from opposing absolutist power as an impediment to religious democracy , they tried to persuade the Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , of the value of reform .
Her appeal to voters is simple : `` I am a woman , and you have never tried a woman , so be modern and try one now . ''
Former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld even tried to use divide-and-rule tactics by pitting `` New '' Europe against the `` Old '' Europe led by France and Germany , which opposed the Iraq war .
The Spanish People 's Party tried hard to mobilize Catholics during the election campaign in March 2008 .
In Italy , Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi precipitated a constitutional crisis by trying to rush through emergency legislation to prevent a comatose patient from being taken off life support . This reminded many observers of what the America 's Republican Party tried to do in order to demonstrate its `` pro-life commitments '' during George W. Bush 's presidency .
Not just since the financial crisis have they retreated from these positions and tried to fashion a gentler , more socially conscious image .
Some African leaders -- notably Ghana 's president , John Kufuor , and outgoing African Union head Alpha Konare -- have tried to cajole Mugabe towards reform , to no avail .
Among those likely to be tried are two of Pol Pot 's closest and most powerful cohorts : Nuon Chea , a Khmer Rouge party leader , and Ieng Sary , the former Deputy Prime Minister for Foreign Affairs .
Taylor is now being tried in The Hague , and , after two decades of horrendous conflict , Liberia is at peace and rebuilding under a democratic government .
So Saddam could be tried only before a new ad hoc tribunal established for that purpose , such as those previously created for ex-Yugoslavia and Rwanda .
He could also be tried before a national court in a country that accepts the idea of universal jurisdiction , as happened in Spain as well as in the United Kingdom in the case of Chile 's former dictator , General Augusto Pinochet .
Following World War Two , the victorious allies tried Germans and Japanese for war crimes at Nuremberg and Tokyo .
Little wonder , then , that Tony Blair 's government is angry that two of its citizens will be tried before President Bush 's military commissions .
Many , indeed , tried to present to the outside world their own version of the Tibet story , rebutting the orthodox narrative -- be it Chinese or Western -- and posting comments and footage on YouTube and the BBC 's bulletin board .
The review will sort the detainees into three categories : those who will be tried in criminal courts in the US ; those who will be released and sent to other countries ; and those who `` ca n't be released and ca n't be tried and so have to be held indefinitely ... what is being called ` preventive detention . ' ''
Human rights organizations knew that Obama had prepared the way , in public-relations terms , for some criminal trials -- talking up the `` supermax '' security of some US prisons , and noting that other terrorists have successfully been tried by America 's justice system .
When he came to power in 1985 , Gorbachev tried to discipline the Soviet people as a way to overcome economic stagnation .
Some American leaders then tried to de-legitimize the UN and called for an alternative alliance of democracies .
Thus far , the US has tried to allow for this evolution by stressing two bright lines : no independence for Taiwan and no use of force by China .
For example , China tried to enhance its soft power by successfully staging the 2008 Olympics , but its domestic simultaneous crackdown in Tibet -- and subsequent repression in Xinxiang and arrests of human rights lawyers -- undercut its gains .
China has tried to persuade Kim 's regime to follow its market-oriented example , but Kim is afraid that an economic opening would lead to a political opening and loss of dictatorial control .
Nikolic , whose party 's leader , Vojislav Seselj , is currently being tried for war crimes in The Hague , has campaigned on an anti-Western , Euro-skeptic , and openly chauvinist platform , exploiting the Kosovo issue at every turn and putting Tadic and other pro-Europeans on the defensive .
But they make CFMs seem like an intervention of last resort , to be used only after everything else has been tried : exchange-rate adjustments , reserve accumulation , and restrictive macroeconomic policies .
This issue was settled in 1997 , when then IMF Managing Director Michel Camdessus tried to include some commitment to capital-account liberalization in the Fund 's Articles of Agreement .
Indeed , the West has already tried this approach before , with paltry results .
He says that two-thirds of China 's almost 3,000 counties have tried artificial methods to induce more rainfall , sometimes resulting in lawsuits over rights to mine passing clouds for water .
Things got off to a poor start in 2005 , when the China National Off-Shore Oil Corporation -LRB- CNOOC -RRB- tried to buy Unocal .
The Anshan Iron and Steel Group , a Chinese SOE , tried to buy a 20 % interest in the Mississippi-based Steel Development in the hope of setting up a re-bar plant in the US .
In the absence of assurances of such an outcome , a presidential-level meeting should not be tried .
Recently , after reading some unflattering articles about him in our paper , Tsarukyan tried to invite me to a meeting .
But , above all , he has tried hard to secure Republican support for his efforts to prevent the economy from disappearing into a deep recessionary hole .
Throughout the long years of this bloody tragedy , we have tried to inch our way to a settlement through confidence-building measures or , in the case of the long dead `` Road Map , '' through pushing both parties to take parallel steps towards an agreement .
The US , the European Union , and Russia have tried to engage Iran on this issue , so far without success .
The creation of the European Union was how we Europeans tried to prevent another war .
While some countries - - say , Poland - strongly supported America 's war effort , others tried to balance their support for the US with their `` understanding '' of the views of Germany and France .
It was also known to Galileo , who noted that Renaissance engineers who followed successful methods of building ships and moving obelisks were often surprised by the spontaneous failures when tried with larger ships and obelisks .
Beginning with the astonishingly innovative economies that sprouted up in the 19th century , the tried and true method for gaining high prosperity -- for an ample supply of engaging and challenging jobs -- has been a system of innovative private enterprise in the business sector .
As a result of this mindset , key elements in the Russian elite have tried mightily -- and with some success , especially in recent years -- to bring about a deterioration in Russian-US relations .
Nordea tried to get the deposit guarantee rules changed to create a level playing field in which a cross-border merger would not distort competition between banks .
All three were tried during the Great Depression of the 1930 's . The results were not encouraging .
He has tried to win back the support of those who have abandoned his United Socialist Party of Venezuela -LRB- PSUV -RRB- or have stopped voting for it , and to win over those who are neither with him nor against him .
Yet the US government has tried virtually everything to prevent consumers from adjusting .
That is what happened in the second half of the 1990 's , as the IMF began to preach capital-account liberalization , applied over-stringent fiscal remedies during the Asian financial crisis , and single-handedly tried to reshape Asian economies . The institution has since acknowledged its errors in all these areas .
They were promptly surrounded by policemen , who tried to break up the demonstration .
The Chinese government has experimented with local democracy and has tried hard to crack down on corruption .
Some states lacked the resources to pay . Others tried to pay but would not levy the taxes needed to do so .
Others , like Massachusetts , tried to levy taxes , but its citizens refused to pay them .
The Germans tried to use their leadership in the G8 to achieve greater transparency in hedge funds , but they were beaten back by the US and Great Britain .
Or , less likely , he could embrace some megalomaniacal and over-reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
US statisticians have tried to `` fix '' the consumer price index to account for new products , but many experts believe that measured US inflation is still at least one percentage point too high , and the margin of error can be more volatile than conventional CPI inflation itself .
The IMF 's leadership tried to broker a deal over currencies at its April meeting , but without tangible results .
That is why , throughout this downturn , forecasters and analysts who have tried to make analogies to past post-war US recessions have gotten it so wrong .
Using slick PowerPoint presentations with titles like `` Default in Today 's Advanced Economies : Unnecessary , Undesirable , and Unlikely , '' the Fund tried to convince investors that eurozone debt was solid as a rock .
Fiscal stimulus , near-zero interest rates , two rounds of `` quantitative easing , '' ring-fencing of bad debt , and trillions of dollars in bailouts and liquidity provision for banks and financial institutions : officials tried them all . Now they have run out of rabbits .
After all , at Nuremberg , the top rung of the Third Reich was tried and convicted within months .
The anti-democratic forces who tried to stop people from voting there were Sunni Muslim Arab terror groups , ranging from supporters of Saddam Hussein 's deposed dictatorship to followers of Osama bin Ladin 's extremist Islamism .
Liberal reform parties that tried to transcend communal identities and appeal to all Iraqis did not do well .
Vast sums -- and millions of lives -- would have been saved if that approach had been tried with Ho Chi Minh in the 1950 's .
For several years , the Bush administration tried to hide the facts from the public , deleting references to manmade climate from government documents and even trying to suppress statements by leading government scientists .
The Bank 's failures began in the early 1980 's , when , under the ideological sway of President Ronald Reagan and Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , it tried to get Africa and other poor regions to cut back or close down government investments and services .
For 25 years , the Bank tried to get governments out of agriculture , leaving impoverished peasants to fend for themselves .
The Palestine Follies American foreign policy in the Middle East experienced yet another major setback this month , when Hamas , whose Palestinian government the United States had tried to isolate , routed the rival Fatah movement in Gaza .
For years , oil companies such as Exxon tried to pretend that climate change was n't real or that the risks were exaggerated .
When the opposition tried to challenge these inconsistencies , the ECK abruptly declared Kibaki the winner .
It tried to prevent government scientists from speaking honestly to the public . The Wall Street Journal has similarly peddled anti-science and pseudo-science to oppose policies to fight human-induced climate change .
A year after the 1992 treaty , President Bill Clinton tried to pass an energy tax that would have helped the US to begin reducing its dependence on fossil fuels .
The authors show that the same group of mischief-makers , given a platform by the free-market ideologues of The Wall Street Journal 's editorial page , has consistently tried to confuse the public and discredit the scientists whose insights are helping to save the world from unintended environmental harm .
This year , despite a massive budget crisis , the UK government has heroically honored its aid commitments , showing that other countries could have done so if they had tried .
The Obama administration should have tried -- and should still try -- an alternative approach .
In France , Nicolas Sarkozy 's government has tried to regain popularity with the working class by deporting Roma migrants , a target of widespread hatred and ethnic attacks .
When output crumbled due to a profound banking and financial crisis -LRB- linked to the collapse of the gold standard -RRB- , tax revenues plummeted in the US and Europe , and conservative governments tried to cut budget spending to limit budget deficits .
Argentina 's Government of the time -LRB- under President de la Rua -RRB- and the IMF tried the Depression-era false `` cure '' of budget cuts , but there was no way that austerity could keep up with falling tax revenues .
Iranian reformers had tried -LRB- to no avail -RRB- since the landslide 1997 election of President Mohammed Khatami , to change the system from within .
In the Gulf , Iran has tried to reassure its Arab neighbors that Iranian power is not aimed at them and can in fact be a pillar of gulf security .
While Hezbollah has tried to convince other Lebanese that its presence helps maintain the country 's security and stability , regional and international developments suggest that it faces mounting challenges .
Watanabe laments the fact that after Japanese war criminals were tried by the Tokyo Tribunal of 1951 , `` No efforts were made in the name of Japan or the Japanese people to look into where responsibility for the war rested . ''
He tried to make a profit in microfinance in order to prove these neglected people 's creditworthiness , so that he could continue lending to them .
A news story in 2003 reported , for example , that Australian Secretary to the Treasury Ken Henry had warned of a `` housing bubble '' there , but then quickly tried to withdraw his comment , saying that it was `` not for quotation outside of this room . '' He did earlier this year finally propose new tax policy to slow the still-continuing Australian housing bubble , but now he ca n't get his government to implement it .
My Princeton University colleague Daniel Kahneman and several co-researchers tried to measure people 's subjective well-being by asking them about their mood at frequent intervals during a day .
In the French presidential election , both candidates tried to keep their domestic life separate from their campaign .
Watson tried to clarify his remarks in a subsequent interview in The Independent , saying :
After the match , Neuer gave this account of his actions : `` I tried not to react to the referee and just concentrate on what was happening .
Mexico tried to solve the problem by imposing a state-administered price ceiling for maize tortillas , combined with duty-free maize imports .
True , the US Federal Reserve has tried to prevent a recession by cutting its interest rates .
Japanese governments have tried to overcome the slump with Hansen 's recipes , issuing one Keynesian program of deficit spending after the other and pushing the debt-to-GDP ratio from 64 % in 1991 to 171 % in 2008 .
They tried to enter the US energy market with the purchase of Unocal , but were blocked by politicians .
Without explicitly challenging US leadership , France tried to build its own `` Ostpolitik '' with Russia , and to use its axis with Germany to create a European position on foreign policy .
Fictional Sovereignties LONDON -- A year ago , tiny Georgia tried to regain control over its breakaway enclave of South Ossetia .
Almost no one remembers that President Franklin Roosevelt tried the same thing in 1933 .
Anti-capitalist revolution was tried in half of Europe in the last century , with dire results .
Italy 's investigating magistrates have consistently refused to accept the popularity and electoral power of a business tycoon whom they have tried to convict for many years .
As further proof of the politicized nature of some French magistrates , immediately after former Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin was cleared of charges that he had tried to smear President Nicolas Sarkozy , the prosecuting magistrate announced that he would appeal the court 's ruling and prosecute de Villepin again .
In 2008 , prosecutors again tried to have the AKP dissolved , on charges that it was undermining the constitution .
EU member states reacted strongly when Lukashenka tried to sack the rector of the prestigious European Humanities University , and this , along with other developments , weakened his position .
First the Iraqi army was dissolved , then America tried to reconstitute it .
First the US tried to eliminate the Baathists , then America turned to them for help .
In The Growth Report , published in May , we tried to understand why most developing countries fell far short of this achievement , and explored how they might emulate the fast growers .
US Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke has tried hard to avoid having the blame fall on the Fed for deepening this downturn in the way that it is blamed for the Great Depression , famously associated with a contraction of the money supply and the collapse of banks .
Former US Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin reportedly tried to influence the current government to intervene on behalf of Enron in its hotly contested dispute in India .
In office , he had intervened when the supposedly independent board for setting accounting standards tried to clean up the accounting of senior executives ' share options .
The administration argues that all hell would break loose if we tried to play by the usual rules with these big banks .
The last arrow in their quiver is called quantitative easing -LRB- QE -RRB- , and it is likely to be almost as ineffective in reviving the US economy as anything else the Fed has tried in recent years .
-LRB- To be fair , the banks tried to take advantage of the more financially sophisticated as well , as with securities created by Goldman Sachs that were designed to fail . -RRB-
We could only conjecture what would have happened if it had not postponed the day of reckoning for so long -- or if it had tried to put it off further .
Third , Mauritius recognized that without natural resources , its people were its only asset . Maybe that appreciation for its human resources is also what led Mauritius to realize that , particularly given the country 's potential religious , ethnic , and political differences -- which some tried to exploit in order to induce it to remain a British colony -- education for all was crucial to social unity .
The attack on Afghanistan that followed the 9\/11 attacks was understandable , but the subsequent invasion of Iraq was entirely unconnected to Al Qaeda -- as much as Bush tried to establish a link .
But , as Bush tried to deceive America about the wars ' costs , he underfunded the troops , refusing even basic expenditures -- say , for armored and mine-resistant vehicles needed to protect American lives , or for adequate health care for returning veterans .
It produces one of the finest airplanes in the world -- so good that competitors in the more advanced industrial countries have tried to impose trade barriers .
For years , World Bank economists have tried to convince the IMF to see this logic , with little progress .
The US and Europe not only tried to impose their trade agenda on developing countries ; they also continued to insist on their right to subsidize agriculture and raised new demands that would have made lives in developing countries even worse .
Of course , America tried to keep real order in some places , revealing a lot about what it truly valued in Iraq .
Today , there is a broad consensus that shock therapy , at least at the level of microeconomic reforms , failed , and that countries -LRB- Hungary , Poland , and Slovenia -RRB- that took the gradualist approach to privatization and the reconstruction of institutional infrastructure managed their transitions far better than those that tried to leapfrog into a laissez-faire economy .
They are the result of a Bush administration that has trampled on human rights and international law , including the Geneva conventions , and tried to undermine basic democratic protections , ever since it took office .
The international community tried .
Bush has tried to scare America about the magnitude of the problem , and he has tried to fool America about how privatization would solve it .
Where former President Bill Clinton sought to ensure that all Americans who are entitled to vote are registered to vote , the Republicans have tried to reverse these advances , putting obstacles in the way both of registration and voting .
When then US Deputy Secretary of the Treasury Lawrence Summers tried to change the Bank 's Decennial report on poverty -- to downgrade concerns about insecurity and empowerment and to focus more narrowly on income -- the Bank prevailed .
When the US tried to suppress the Bank 's call for a more balanced intellectual property regime -- one more consonant with the interests of developing countries -- the Bank prevailed yet again .
Perhaps not surprisingly , the IMF has tried to pour cold water on international enthusiasm for its generosity .
USEC repeatedly tried to hold the American taxpayer for ransom , saying that it would not continue to bring the Russian material into the United States unless it was paid additional money .
He has tried to understand what we can do to lower unemployment and increase the well-being of those at the bottom .
Moreover , Malaysia 's multiracial , multi-cultural society made it more vulnerable to civil strife , which has occurred in many other resource-rich countries , as one group tried to seize the wealth for itself .
The administration has tried to keep the war 's costs from the American public .
But , much as the Bush administration tried to hide the true costs of the war by incomplete and misleading accounting , the economy 's flaws were covered up by a flood of liquidity from the Federal Reserve and by lax financial regulation .
After making limited progress on encouraging faster renminbi appreciation , the US has tried to limit current-account surpluses , with China the main target .
No matter how hard they try - and Kyrgyzstan has certainly tried - they are doomed to fail without co-ordinated , well-designed and adequate assistance .
For a while , the US tried to question Brazil 's ownership by trying to force a discussion of the `` internationalization '' of the oceans and their mineral resources .
Yet too few who have tried his methods worldwide have had his personal integrity or moral stature .
The armed forces ' role in fighting narcotics -- which has been ineffective in every country where it has been tried -- is encouraged by a coercive , misguided , bipartisan US strategy .
In the most affected countries , they also demand that murderers be tried .
As politicians in the West compare him to Mugabe or Mussolini , Putin 's Kremlin aides invoke the Munich appeasers who tried to push Hitler eastward .
To be fair , the WTO under Pascal Lamy has tried to reach out to such groups .
Stalin pursued collectivization despite the massive resistance that had followed when Soviet authorities first tried to introduce the policy the previous spring .
Vertical industrial policy , horizontal industrial policy , investment in education -- all have been tried in the last ten years .
Navalny 's repeated requests for the minutes of several state-owned companies ' board meetings generated huge resistance -- two companies even tried , unsuccessfully , to change the law in order to reject shareholder requests for information .
Ukraine 's people tried to change their government in last spring 's parliamentary elections .
What caused such arrogant unconcern for the health of those who lived near the plant , for those heroic men and women who tried to limit the damage -LRB- whom officials still treat as pawns -RRB- , and for the millions who lived beneath the radioactive cloud as it spread ?
They then tried to force the Ukrainian people to swallow this sham -- threatening to ban public gatherings , close our borders to new visa seekers , and silence any word of our protests on television .
This is what the Israeli government tried to achieve in Lebanon by `` smashing Hezbollah '' in 2006 .
With no currency board to instill a false sense of discipline , real institutional reform will have to be tried .
Lately , however , as the G-20 has tried to reconcile divergent national economic interests and recovery strategies , it has been far less successful relative to its initial meetings in Washington and London in 2009 .
One honest babushka once told me that she bought a ticket and tried to board the train .
In Soviet times , communist leaders tried to lure people into the kolkhozes -LRB- collective farms -RRB- with promises of great crops and spectacular meat production .
British experts from the Malayan emergency tried to help the Americans in Vietnam - obviously without success .
This can be done only by the tried and tested ways of matching advocacy with professionalism , and by nourishing a new generation of international public servants called diplomats .
I have tried to present the ideas outlined here not only to the General Assembly but also to the permanent members of the Security Council .
Americans find their patience tried by Europeans who are free with their advice and criticism yet reluctant to shoulder risks .
Winston Churchill once remarked that you could always count on the Americans to do the right thing , after having tried all the alternatives .
Just as sex criminals -- and the leaders who directed the use of rape and sexual abuse as a military strategy -- were tried and sentenced after the wars in Bosnia and Sierra Leone , so Americans must hold accountable those who committed , or authorized , sex crimes in US-operated prisons .
Clearly , if reforms are to be carried out in Europe , something else must be tried .
Thus , the Mutawa'ah , the religious police of the Committee for the Preservation of Virtue and the Prohibition of Vice , armed with sticks and backed by police firing into the air , tried to disperse the pilgrims .
Not surprisingly , Saleh tried to reach for the familiar Saudi lifeline , sending his foreign minister to Riyadh to plead for the sort of help the Saudi king provided to Bahrain .
Indeed , the only people to introduce religion into the protests have been rulers , such as those in Bahrain , Yemen , Libya , and Syria , who have tried to use fear of the Shia or Sunni `` other '' to continue to divide and misrule their societies .
Because the Arabs had no corresponding historical model from which to learn how to relate to the phenomenon that had overtaken them , they tried to interpret Zionism as colonialism , and thought that other nations ' fight against colonialism provided a model for resistance .
That is why they have tried to obtain political support against the nuclear ambitions of Iran , which periodically threatens Israel , at times proclaiming its desire to wipe it off the face of the earth .
A `` Portfolio '' Approach to Climate Change The world has tried with little success to cut carbon emissions under the Kyoto Protocol .
In his six years in office , he has repeatedly tried to bypass a polarized state legislature -- even the annual budget requires a two-thirds majority -- by appealing directly to voters .
While financial institutions tried to mitigate risks by bundling subprime mortgages , Fukushima 's cooling system was able to cope with either a blackout and an earthquake or a tsunami .
Much research has tried to establish a connection between bankers ' compensation schemes and risk-taking , but has failed to find one .
Consider , for example , that the first insider-trading case tried in Russia after the fall of communism was against an American firm .
