For both Pakistan and India , Afghanistan risks turning into a new disputed territory , like Kashmir , where conflict has damaged both countries for more than 60 years .
Both countries should take advantage of the opportunity for cooperation provided by the Pakistani Army 's campaign against Waziristan 's militants .
Since the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington on September 11 , 2001 , security cooperation between the two countries seems to have intensified .
Citibank -- whose chief executive , Walter Wriston , famously declared that countries do n't go bust -- led the charge , recycling a flood of petrodollars to dubious regimes .
Banks loaded up on the relatively high-yield debt of countries like Greece because they had to set aside very little capital .
Bank lending to sovereign borrowers has been a double disaster , fostering over-indebtedness , especially in countries with irresponsible or corrupt governments .
While the US has a major stake in the outcome , EU countries obviously have the most significant interests in the region , and perhaps this time they will assume a corresponding leadership role .
But individually , a number of European countries -- Spain , Greece , Italy , Cyprus , Romania , Slovakia , and Austria -- are skeptical or negative toward Kosovo independence , which raises profound questions about the EU 's resolve .
Some European countries apparently believe that they can maintain an EU consensus in support of Ahtisaari 's plan but allow Russian foot-dragging on the grounds that delay is not unreasonable and something better may turn up with additional negotiations .
Many believe that Russia will not risk its relations with Europe and the US , ultimately abstaining if Western countries hold firm .
If Russia does veto the Ahtisaari plan , the EU 's united facade will likely fracture , with many European countries refusing either to join the US in recognizing an independent Kosovo without the UN 's blessing or to send a supervisory mission there .
One reason neighboring countries may take part in peace talks is that Egypt and Jordan fear that Hamas could begin actively to support these countries ' own Islamic opposition groups .
Each day , these diseases kill 16,000 people -- devastating entire communities and plummeting countries deeper into poverty .
Building on this momentum , the campaigns for debt relief , trade reform , and increasing aid to poor countries have gained traction .
Investments in effective prevention , treatment and research in 2005 and 2006 will save millions of lives , lessen the socio-economic impact of the diseases in poorer countries , and remove the need for increased spending on these chronic crises in the future .
IRVING , TEXAS -- When OPEC members met in Vienna recently , the Saudis failed to control the meeting , OPEC 's production ceiling remained unchanged , and member countries are setting their own output levels .
The first factor is the relationship between oil prices and economic growth in the oil-producing countries .
Higher prices fuel higher growth in these countries , which , accompanied by a population boom , leads to higher domestic energy consumption .
The increase in energy demand has already led to power shortages in the oil-producing countries , which are expected to reduce exports this summer .
Second , there is the relationship between oil prices and the need for income diversification in the oil-producing countries .
As oil prices rise , these countries ' dependence on the oil sector increases , despite all efforts to diversify their economies .
The rhetoric of energy independence in the oil-consuming countries makes the situation even worse : the oil-producing countries are building energy-intensive industries to guarantee a market for their oil once consuming nations wean themselves of imported oil .
They intend to export oil embedded in other products , such as petrochemicals , plastic , aluminum , etc. . And they can build such plants in faster than the oil-consuming countries can establish alternatives to oil imports , exacerbating future shortages .
Finally , there is the relationship between oil prices and fiscal and monetary policies in the oil-consuming countries .
To combat the effect of high oil prices , consuming countries adopt expansionary economic policies , lowering interest rates and increasing government spending .
Given the current turmoil in the Middle East , the loss of Libyan and Yemeni oil , and increasing energy demand in the oil-producing countries , any increase in Saudi oil exports , if any , would have a limited impact on the market .
That said , OPEC members and oil-consuming countries policymakers alike should not forget that nothing cures high prices like high prices .
A look at current trends shows that more than 30 countries have or are developing missile capabilities .
Iran also has an extensive missile development program . Iranian officials declare that the range of their modified Shahab-3 missiles is 2,000 kilometers , putting Allied countries such as Turkey , Greece , Romania , and Bulgaria within reach .
In this respect , the news that the US and Russia have agreed on a follow-up treaty to START that will substantially cut both countries ' nuclear arsenals provides a good backdrop .
We need a missile-defense system that includes not just all NATO countries , but Russia , too .
So one would expect that smaller countries will spend proportionally more on defense than larger ones .
Europe is divided : some countries , notably Italy , support the US ; others , notably France and Germany , argue in favor of a European plane built by Airbus in a $ 15 billion publicly funded project .
Some small European countries come close to 50 % .
Of course , all countries eventually overcome crises .
This question is important not only in transition economies and other emerging market countries , but in rich countries as well -- in fact almost everywhere , except possibly the US and the UK , which long ago embarked on a process of radical and far-reaching economic liberalization .
Notaries are another example of this phenomenon . Public notaries in many countries charge extremely high fees for services that are virtually useless .
Deregulating product markets has an additional benefit : it facilitates liberalization of the labor market . Evidence gathered by the OECD shows a strong positive correlation across countries between the degree of competition in the product market and the extent to which labor market regulations increase the powers of workers when they bargain with firms .
Generating sufficient political support to enact reforms that can survive the opposition of vested interests requires attempting to deregulate the entire economy simultaneously , not select industries , one by one .
Some countries , take France , are changing their systems by appointing a few academics from other countries onto hiring and promotion committees .
But , then , why is America 's birth rate higher than in many countries in Europe that have much larger public support for childbearing mothers ?
But technology spreads rapidly : the same Windows or SAP programs are available in all countries , including Europe .
Six OECD countries do better than America in terms of output per hour worked : Norway , Belgium , France , Ireland , the Netherlands , and Germany .
Europe grows less because it works less - and it should not be surprised if a number of so-called `` developing countries '' soon catch up with Europe in terms of income per capita .
According to the World Value Survey , a respected attitudinal study conducted in about 40 countries , 60 % of Americans believe that the poor are `` lazy , '' a view shared by only 26 % of Europeans .
In many European countries , political institutions were shaped in revolutionary periods in which socialist parties and ideas enjoyed mass support .
In more homogeneous European countries , the differences between rich and poor are much less obvious : in Sweden , rich and poor are all white , often tall and blond .
But most of these exports go to other Euro-zone countries , and are thus unaffected by the level of the Euro .
Look at European history for the past 25 years , and you see that from the late 1970 's to the early 1990 's the continent was plagued by macroeconomic instability , high unemployment , over-regulated markets -- including , importantly , financial markets -- unregulated monopolies , and inefficient state-run industries .
Is there a lesson in this for the countries of Central and Eastern Europe as they prepare to join the EU ?
High inflation and mounting public debt generated a feeling of `` crisis '' in the early 1990 's in some EU countries : when one 's house is on fire , the costs of doing nothing are too large to continue sitting back and doing nothing .
The lesson for new member countries from the East is clear : once you are in the Union , the outside pressure to reform decreases : the impetus to reform must be found at home .
In many developing countries , weak regulators and a widespread perception of corruption often stand in the way of pro-market reforms ; the left -LRB- populist or otherwise -RRB- can credibly argue that capitalism is `` corrupt '' and so must be taken under the wing of the government .
There were 74 independent countries in the world in 1945 ; today there are 193 .
Or India and Brazil , two huge countries ?
Does it really make sense that two European Union member countries hold a veto power on the Security Council while the Third World -LRB- outside of China -RRB- is completely unrepresented ?
Indeed , the situation is even more absurd when G7 finance ministers meet : the central bank governors of France , Germany , and Italy still attend these meetings , even though their banks have been reduced to local branches of the European Central Bank , while the president of the ECB - these countries ' real monetary authority - is a mere `` invited guest . ''
This division of jobs leaves out the developing countries , many of which are `` developing '' at a speed that will make them richer than Europe in per capita terms quite soon .
The over-representation of Western Europe and the under-representation of growing developing countries can not last .
One is Europe 's aging population . The other is the flow of immigrants from soon-to-be new member countries in the European Union and from outside the union .
Otherwise , what , precisely , do the new countries get out of membership other than the nagging intrusions of the Brussels bureaucracy ?
Given the high hopes that preceded ascension to the EU , and the stingy attitude of the Union to its new members , it should not surprise anyone if an anti-European reaction soon starts to brew in these countries .
These countries have opened their markets to foreign investors - and foreign investors are responding eagerly .
Other European countries -LRB- for example , Italy and Spain -RRB- fall somewhere between these poles .
The problem is aggravated by the composition of the new Commission . There will be 25 Commissioners , one for each EU member country , whereas previously big countries had two and small countries one .
Maybe they did , and maybe they did n't : one can not know , especially at a time when Italy may need the full support of Chirac and Shröder as it tries to bail out Alitalia .
In both cases , however , after initial progress , countries have shown clear signs of political `` fatigue '' : in the euro area , the Stability Pact has imploded ; throughout Eastern Europe , budget deficits have started to rise .
Only the Baltic countries seem able to maintain sound fiscal policies .
At the same time , the big euro area members -LRB- France and Germany -RRB- do not have a leg to stand on to criticize other countries ' fiscal policies , so there are virtually no international constraints on EU countries ' budget deficits .
Perhaps more surprising is the apparent political backlash against the governments that have led countries into the EU .
Voter turnout in the European Parliament elections in June was embarrassingly low in the new accession countries , ranging from just 17 % in Slovakia to 38.5 % in Hungary .
Participating in their first-ever EU election , citizens in these countries turned out at a rate not only well below the European average -LRB- about 45 % -RRB- , but even below the UK average .
The reasons are twofold . Accession countries felt that they were asked to make major fiscal adjustments in order to be accepted into the EU .
Regardless of whether such policies were in the long-term interest of these countries , in the short run they were politically costly .
This `` adjustment fatigue , '' a term coined to describe the experience of Latin American countries to economic liberalization in the 1990 's , is now coupled with the feeling that the EU is not such a great bargain after all .
Perhaps most visible has been Western European countries ' eagerness to protect their labor markets against migration from Central and Eastern Europe - a sticking point that always comes up in every meeting between politicians from the West and the East .
So , after all the celebrations of European enlargement , we are left with a predictable set of problems : a `` union '' of countries with very different views on everything -LRB- from foreign policy to labor market policies -RRB- and different economic interests ; widespread disillusionment among voters in the new member states ; a constitutional process whose future is uncertain ; and all the usual political wrangling in Brussels between countries seeking to get as much power as possible .
Germany , France , and Italy are rich countries .
From rock stars , to `` anti-globalists , '' to religious organizations , to various advocates for developing countries , to the UN , the calls are becoming deafening .
Aid and debt forgiveness will lift poor countries out of poverty
It is not true that poor countries have become poorer .
Many examples exist of countries that lifted themselves out of poverty , from South Korea to Costa Rica to Botswana .
There is no evidence that increasing foreign aid to governments in developing countries improves their economic performance and lifts them out of poverty permanently .
The same goes for debt forgiveness : it only encourages countries to borrow more , often for the benefit of local elites .
Those who really care about reducing poverty should place blame where it belongs : with governments and bureaucracies in many developing countries , especially in Africa and Latin America .
Traditionally , instead , foreign aid paid no attention to the virtues of the receiving countries and did not discriminate in favor of `` good governments . ''
Political alliances , indeed , are often more important than the quality of the receiving countries policies as a determinant of the direction of aid giving .
The only donors that directed their aid reasonably well are the Scandinavian countries , whose aid giving is the highest in per capita terms but small as a percentage of the total .
One of the reasons is that these countries did not have colonies and political alliances to support .
Reasonable ways to measure corruption do exist ; we know which countries are more corrupt than others .
Unfortunately , in most cases the poorest countries , where aid is most needed , are also the most corrupt .
The worst enemies of poor countries are farmers in rich countries .
Instead , anti-globalists care more about the charm of French agricultural towns threatened by globalization , that is , by the agriculture of struggling poor countries .
Until this vital issue is solved , crises will be the norm , because the fundamental economic choice these countries face will continue to be one between raising revenue through inflation or letting debt grow .
Raising `` normal '' tax revenue remains an unrealistic option in most Latin American countries . What prevents normal taxation is lax tax enforcement , due to corrupt public administrations and a bourgeoisie with a well-developed culture of tax evasion .
In most European cities , taxi drivers are protected by limits on the number of licenses ; the number of notary publics in many countries is similarly restricted , and the price of their services-which are typically of little economic value , but inescapable under existing administrative procedures -- correspondingly high .
What this practice entails is that countries negotiate lower tariffs on some types of products but not on others .
For even when successfully negotiated , sectoral agreements jeopardize economic efficiency and performance by protecting the least competitive industries because each country tries to open trade in areas where it is competitive .
A second danger arises from the fact that , by liberalizing trade for only a few economically successful industries , open sectoralism weakens , rather than strengthens , the broad political support needed for the comprehensive global trade agreements that benefit most businesses , consumers , and countries .
Because some industries no longer care about wide trade agreements because they have already benefited through a sectoral deal , the groups that normally see themselves as gaining from greater trade openness are too weak to offset the political influence of protectionist forces mobilized against liberalization .
If the full benefits of trade liberalization are to be gained quickly , there is no alternative to resuming comprehensive negotiations -- and the tradeoffs between industries that this strategy entails -- by reviving the WTO 's Millennium Round .
Indeed , many anti-Jewish outbursts in a number of countries are rooted in condemnations of Israel that exploit anti-Semitic terminology .
However , if EU countries start competing for a share of the Chinese market , the Russians could soon be tempted to sell their best arms to the communist regime in Beijing .
China 's new armaments , together with the North Korean crisis , will probably force half a dozen countries in the region to renew their armed forces .
French diplomats have of course informed China about the reluctance of other European countries about lifting the arms embargo , which was imposed after the massacre in Tiananmen Square in 1989 .
Now it may be European arms in the hands of the Chinese that will be aimed at American troops protecting a democracy with 23 million inhabitants -LRB- in other words , as many people as in all the Nordic countries combined -RRB- .
In both countries , the leadership places military power last in their national development strategies .
The Bush administration tries to rebut these charges by saying that the plan will not weaken the deterrence capabilities of American forces , for America 's far more powerful air and naval presence in the area will be maintained .
Finally , like all candidate countries , Turkey also receives financial and technical assistance in support of ongoing reform programs .
This statement is to the credit of the European Commission , and there is not much to be added , except to emphasize that it is up to EU governments to treat Turkey with the fairness that all candidate countries deserve .
Finally , significant assistance and investment in research and development from wealthy countries is needed , so that free TB treatment is truly available and accessible to all .
Or will religious solidarities reshape Turkey 's orientation , as the new government joins other Muslim countries in opposing any invasion of Iraq ?
There are increasing reports of Iraqi women resorting to prostitution and of trafficking in women and children to neighboring countries .
Inventing a Better Future also provided detailed guidance to governments and international organizations on how to build institutional capacities for science and technology in both developing and industrialized countries .
The EU Constitution should establish unequivocally which prerogatives belong to Europe and which to member countries .
So governments should ignore neither the valid interests of oil exporters , on whom consumers in their countries depend , nor exporters ' reaction to the rhetoric of energy independence or to steps taken to achieve it .
Isolationist politicians may not care about other countries , but they should think twice lest they harm their own .
The biggest threats to the world 's energy security are not terrorist attacks or embargoes by oil-producing countries -- short-term events that can be dealt with quickly and effectively through various measures , including reliance on strategic petroleum reserves , increases in production , and diversion of oil shipments .
Indeed , confronted by political leaders ' hostile rhetoric , oil producers have a strong incentive to increase production in order to lower oil prices to levels that undermine the economic feasibility of alternative energy sources -- a logical interventionist policy to counter the anti-oil interventionist policies of consuming countries .
Even if the oil producing countries do not intentionally bring about an oil price collapse , they might accelerate production as much as they could in the short term , while oil still had some value .
But lower oil prices , coupled with expectations of a decline in demand , would in turn put pressure on oil-producing countries to reduce planned investments in production capacity or even to mothball major projects , as they have done in the past , leading to a decline in oil supplies .
In spite of these possibilities , let 's assume that plans for energy independence succeed , and that several European countries , the United States , Japan , China , and India become self-sufficient .
Instead of exporting oil directly , they could export their energy embedded in metals , chemicals , and manufactured products at prices that undercut anything producers in the oil-consuming countries , especially Europe and the US , could match , given their dependence on higher-cost alternative energy sources .
Energy independence thus could destroy entire industries , especially petrochemicals , aluminum , and steel .
In fact , cheap energy in oil-producing countries might make their new industries competitive with those in China , India , and Southeast Asia .
Countries might end up energy-independent , only to become steel-dependent or petrochemical-dependent .
Only long-term , market-oriented , economically viable , and sustainable energy options can ensure economic growth in both producing and consuming countries .
However , domestic pressure , a sense of nationalism , and the need to improve its bargaining position with Western countries might force the Iranian government to respond to harsh UN sanctions or an air attack on its nuclear facilities .
For example , some oil-producing countries ask their customers to pay in euros , but that does not mean that their oil is priced in euros .
While oil-exporting countries receive revenues in dollars -LRB- or their euro equivalent -RRB- , they use different currencies to import goods and services from various countries .
Any change in the exchange rate of the dollar affects the purchasing power of these countries , and therefore their real income .
Likewise , international oil companies sell most of their oil in dollars , but they operate in various countries and pay some of their costs in local currencies .
If nominal oil prices remain constant while the dollar declines , the real income of the oil-producing countries declines , resulting in less investment in additional capacity and maintenance .
Of course , the lower dollar means cheaper oil in Europe , Asia , and all countries with appreciating currencies .
One European ambassador was quoted as saying that African countries were all in favor of the prize , and they had enough supporters to take it forward .
A contingent of roughly 2,500 troops from 22 countries went to the DRC in mid-2003 to support United Nations troops , and provided a rapid reaction force that snuffed out disorder in Kinshasa before it could erupt into full-blown mayhem .
True , many African countries currently suffer from instability , state failure , regional strife , violent internal political competition , and other assorted ills , including , massacres and large-scale brutality , civil war , massive movements of refugees , economic disruption , and environmental damage .
Some African countries are comparatively stable and prosperous , and the Continent possesses a youthful population that will soon top one billion people , abundant mineral reserves , and an inherent dynamism .
In countries that have experienced the horrors of civil war , the arrival of an effective military force from outside is generally welcomed , as was the case in both the 2003 and 2006 Congo operations .
Yet , taken together , the EU countries possess a considerable array of assets , including the military capability needed to conduct decisive operations .
Meanwhile , as Turkey 's attitude toward its neighbors has changed , its governing elite has watched the EU embrace ex-communist countries with far shakier market economies and shorter democratic records .
With Slovakia 's entry on January 1 , the euro spans 16 countries and 329 million citizens .
Third , the EMU 's stability-oriented macroeconomic framework has better prepared euro-area countries for economic storms .
This allowed many European Union countries to approach the crisis with room for maneuver .
Such are the EMU 's benefits that the visible costs of remaining a non-member are beginning to recast the political debate surrounding euro adoption in several countries .
PARIS -- In 2000 , shortly after the launch of the euro , I wrote a book arguing that countries adopting the common currency should be forced in one way or another to implement structural reforms .
Furthermore , because these countries no longer faced current-account constraints , they could spend beyond their means without any immediate apparent damage to their economies .
The size of public debts , which had been ballooning in many countries during the crisis , together with growing competitiveness gaps between member states , began worrying markets .
Some investors , doubtful of the sustainability of some countries ' public debt , began to worry about the viability of the euro itself .
No one can deny that structural reforms are currently underway in all eurozone countries that have been struck by the crisis .
A disease formerly considered more pervasive in affluent countries now places its heaviest burden on poor and disadvantaged populations .
In some African countries , fewer than 15 % of cancer patients survive for five years following diagnosis of cervical and breast cancer , diseases that are highly curable elsewhere in the world .
While cancer deaths in wealthy countries are expected to increase less dramatically , they are nonetheless predicted to rise by a harrowing 40 % over the next 20 years .
Thirty countries -- half of them in Africa -- do not have a single radiotherapy machine .
And these countries certainly do not have the financial resources , facilities , equipment , technology , infrastructure , staff , or training to cope with the long-term demands of cancer care .
Countries and families also pay a huge economic cost , as the lives of millions of people who could otherwise have made productive contributions to their families and communities for many decades are cut short .
The World Health Organization and the International Atomic Energy Agency are working closely together to improve cancer control in developing countries .
The IAEA 's work involves building countries ' capacity for radiation medicine .
We are seeing promising results in individual countries , but our efforts are just a drop in a vast ocean of need .
World leaders should be made aware of the scale of the cancer crisis facing developing countries .
We need systematic action at the highest level to end the deadly disparity in cancer survival rates between rich and poor countries , thereby helping to save millions of lives .
The United Nations General Assembly 's Summit on Non-Communicable Diseases in September provides an opportunity to focus the world 's attention on cancer in developing countries .
More than defense -- which will remain NATO-centered -- Europe is building up its security role as a regional stabilizer : a role that EU enlargement to include candidate countries in Central and Eastern Europe will strengthen .
For some , the fact that the United Kingdom might ratify it even earlier than traditionally `` pro-European '' countries like Italy merely underscores the Treaty 's lack of new and bold initiatives to accelerate European unification .
These came from member countries , from civil society organizations , and from letters , documents , and email messages from across Europe .
One consequence of this is that agreements with third countries that involve both foreign and economic matters require two distinct treaties : one for the Union , one for the Community .
The Lisbon Treaty is a step towards adapting the EU 's decision-making mechanisms to the twenty-first century and a membership of 27 or more countries .
In several Arab countries , most notably Saudi Arabia , rulers have sought to quell popular discontent by providing a combination of cash , subsidies , guaranteed jobs , and free goods and services .
But the popularity of the handout option raises an important and instructive question : just how did the ruling classes in these countries amass fortunes so large that people are clamoring for them to be redistributed ?
Arab countries need to become places where people can create their own productive jobs , pursue their own opportunities , provide for themselves , and determine their own future .
Gazprom strategy deploys three tactics : co-optation -- cultivating partnerships with certain countries , political leaders , and corporations , as levers of its interests ; preemption -- using upstream power and Russian diplomacy to manipulate downstream conditions and scoop up assets ; and disaggregation -- dividing the EU through bilateral deals .
The prime example of disaggregation is the Nord Stream pipeline , which appeals to Germany while angering Poland and the Baltic countries .
Simultaneously , through the diversification of supply sources , massive investments in liquified natural gas -LRB- LNG -RRB- , and a strong push in favor of the Nabucco pipeline and inter-connectors between the Mediterranean rim countries , Europe can move closer toward energy security .
An EU committed to its own defense , although not offering the same formal guarantees as NATO , offers candidate countries the prospect of belonging to a genuine security community .
This means that monetary policy is geared towards the needs of large countries , like Germany , not to those of , say , Belgium .
Today , the costs of manufacturing such items are lower in countries like Bangladesh and Vietnam than in Guangdong .
According to a study by the US consulting firm Jassin O'Rourke , labor costs in China are higher than in seven other Asian countries .
Labor intensive industries were especially hard hit .
These adverse conditions have inadvertently propelled a long-delayed restructuring of China 's labor-intensive industries .
Less fragmented industries also lobby better .
Compared to many developing countries , China 's government is stable and embraces foreign investment .
Further , as low-end , low-cost labor jobs morph towards higher-end , higher-cost jobs , China will move not only into more valuable manufactured goods , but also into the service industries , such as design .
When China 's labor-intensive industries emerge from their metamorphosis , we should expect to see firms that are larger , that invest more in product innovation and design , and that hold more sway over business and trade policies .
Genuine partnership is difficult to achieve when resource-rich countries view foreign mining and drilling companies only as adversaries , seeking unfair and inequitable contracting agreements .
For governments , contracts are more likely to be durable if they are negotiated in a way that enables countries to receive fair and predictable long-term revenues .
For developing countries , this source of income can be substantial over several decades , and is needed by governments for investment in infrastructure , health care , education , etc. .
On the other hand , poorly conceived and negotiated contracts not only prevent countries from enjoying the full long-term benefits of their natural resources , but also help to entrench poverty , corruption , and even conflict , particularly when governance systems are inadequate .
In these circumstances , there is an urgent need for a facility that allows governments of poor countries to negotiate on a par with foreign investors to reach contracts that are as fair as possible under the given circumstances .
Anxiety levels may have come down , in board rooms and stock markets , but the daily drama for survival continues . Indeed , for many people it has deepened , in the villages and streets of the world 's least-developed countries -- particularly in Africa .
The London G-20 meeting recognized that the world 's poorest countries and people should not be penalized by a crisis for which they were not responsible .
Having recognized its `` collective responsibility to mitigate the social impact of the crisis and minimize long-lasting damage to global potential , '' the group now needs to review how much support has reached or become accessible to developing countries .
For example , in July , the International Monetary Fund commendably announced a substantial increase in concessional lending to least-developed countries .
But some vulnerable countries are still struggling to finance countercyclical investment and expanded social protection services .
This underscores the case for a second area of action -- ensuring that developing countries , including least-developed countries , have a greater say in global financial institutions , and strengthening regional bodies such as the African Development Bank .
It also means systematically including other developing countries .
Here the G-20 could play a particularly constructive role , especially when it comes to the revival of the Doha Trade Round , the reduction of duties , tariffs and quotas on exports from the least-developed countries , and the gradual elimination of domestic subsidies .
As a result , Turkey 's leaders are now willing to pursue active diplomacy in the Middle East in an effort to minimize problems with neighboring countries .
This influence does not imply a hegemonic relationship , but rather points to an alternative path for reform and economic development that other primarily Muslim countries might take .
Turkey 's reform process shows that the latter is not an unavoidable destiny for the countries of the region .
Other Muslim states seem to grasp this : recently , a Turk was chosen for the first time and by a majority vote to be Secretary General of the Organization of Islamic Countries .
Indeed , Turkish policymakers have , on a regular basis , brought the countries bordering Iraq together for discussions about the future of the region .
So far , business confidence is still high in the industrial sector , according to internal surveys conducted by the São Paulo Association of Industries , and inward FDI hit a record-high US$ 34.6 bn last year .
Lula 's eight years in office showed developing countries everywhere that the state can not do everything , while making no less clear to even the most orthodox that the interests of the markets do not always coincide with those of the country .
Brazil has come far , but in order to compete with China , India , South Korea , Russia , and other emerging countries , the predominance of low valued-added products needs to give way to the rise of an economy based on more innovative and dynamic firms .
In practice , this discrepancy created a category of `` alpha '' rights -- civil and political -- that took priority in the influential and wealthy countries ' domestic and foreign policy agendas . By contrast , economic , social , and cultural rights were often left to linger at the bottom of the national and international `` to do '' lists .
Not all countries will embrace the Protocol . Some will prefer to avoid any strengthening of economic , social , and cultural rights and will seek to maintain the status quo . The better and fairer position , however , is to embrace the vision of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and promote unambiguously the idea that human dignity requires respect for the equally vital and mutually dependent freedoms from fear and want .
Fortunately , many countries in this part of the world have recognized that regional welfare must be addressed as a regional challenge .
Of course , official relations between the two countries are marked by much political and economic competition - some of it healthy , some of it a possible harbinger of future strategic rivalry .
Both countries covet access to Russian reserves , especially those located in the Angarsk fields of Siberia .
Meanwhile , China replaced the US as Japan 's biggest source of imports , and is now one of the few non-members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries with which Japan runs a trade deficit .
But both countries now place a premium on extending their economic interdependence .
Most importantly , a new generation of leaders in both countries seems less hung up on divisive memories .
Pragmatic leaders in both countries clearly recognize the benefits of diplomatic collaboration on issues that affect the region , such as North Korea 's nuclear ambitions .
The same applies to the Islamic Group , a movement implicated in violent acts in almost a dozen countries throughout the 1980 's and 1990 's , including armed insurgency in Egypt , bombings in the United States and Croatia , assassination attempts in Ethiopia , and training camps in Afghanistan .
Unfortunately , a study published in the Journal of Democracy showed that out of the 100 countries that were designated `` in transition '' between 1970 and 2000 , only 20 became fully democratic -LRB- for example , Chile , Argentina , Poland , and Taiwan -RRB- .
Entry barriers , particularly in service industries dominated by state-owned oligopolies , need to be lowered .
As in most recent European elections , immigration loomed large , but as usual , Sweden was out of step with other countries .
Not surprisingly , all corruption indicators have been rising since Putin took over from Yeltsin , whereas they are falling in most post-communist countries .
Russia 's foreign policy is focused on the interests of its state-dominated corporations , notably Gazprom , which has concluded agreements with many foreign countries and companies for monopolistic deliveries .
Arguably , Russia has improved its relations with China under Putin , but at the cost of acceding to China 's demands for two big disputed islands over which the two countries fought in 1969 .
Shockingly , Russia argued that it had the right to attack a country that harbored people to whom it had just issued passports , scaring all countries with Russian minorities .
Today , all of these countries are returning to financial health and economic growth without significant disruption .
East European countries attracted large international capital flows , owing to loose global monetary policy and accommodating business conditions .
In 2009 , all three countries cut public expenditures by 8-10 % of GDP , which -- remarkably -- was politically easier than marginal cuts .
All the countries in crisis cut their public administration and wages .
And , though state revenues have fallen with recession , forcing a few countries to hike value-added taxes , none has increased income taxes , and none of the seven countries that had in place a flat-rate income tax has abandoned it .
As a result , these countries exit the crisis more productive .
In the European Parliament elections in June 2009 , center-right parties won a majority in all ten eastern EU countries , and center-right parties now govern in nine of them , with Slovenia the sole exception .
Three countries in the region -- Hungary , Latvia , and Romania -- required emergency standby programs with the International Monetary Fund .
Whereas Eastern Europe 's economies look healthier than the eurozone countries , they are not abandoning the EU project .
Indeed , the crisis marks the emerging economies ' overtaking of the major Western countries , with huge consequences for global power , finance , politics , and economics .
The EU , the United States , and Japan are in fiscal jeopardy , and several countries -- Japan , Greece , Italy , and Belgium -- have public debts exceeding their GDP .
European voters are now punishing social-democratic parties , which have become weaker than at any time since World War I. Instead , a fiscally responsible center-right alignment of political forces has taken power in all but three of the 27 EU countries .
After the Second World War , many European countries enshrined extensive social guarantees in their constitutions .
Instead , a number of European countries are discussing the introduction of stringent fiscal rules into their constitutions , and are contemplating even more far-reaching changes .
Excessive fiscal deficits in many Western countries must be reduced .
Some European countries can reduce their debt through continuous budget surpluses , as Bulgaria , Finland , Russia , and Sweden have done in the last decade .
Anchoring these countries to the West will not be easy .
Whether the end result is better relations or full integration of these countries into the EU and NATO is an open question .
But both organizations need to reach out to these countries , a process that should be seen as the next phase in completing the wider Europe .
Clearly , the region 's countries are weaker and further behind previous candidates for Western integration .
If countries in the region embrace the idea , a network of current EU and NATO members could step forward with projects and assistance aimed at promoting a Black Sea identity and community .
Projecting stability and security in these countries is the next logical step in building a Europe `` whole and free '' and securing the Euro-Atlantic community 's eastern frontier with the Middle East .
It is Europe 's contested neighborhood -- the future of those countries between the eastern border of NATO and the European Union and the western border of Russia .
It has embraced policies and a military doctrine that labels NATO a threat and justifies the right to intervene in these countries .
But what about those countries in between -- countries like Ukraine and Georgia and the southern Caucasus ?
So Russia 's attempts to bring these countries to heel are likely to continue and remain a bone of contention and conflict .
As welcome as Clinton 's recent clear words were on the need to defend the right of countries to decide their own fate , you do n't have to go very far in Europe to hear whispers that some kind of new `` Finlandization '' might be a reasonable compromise for countries like Ukraine and Georgia .
If we still believe that today , we need an updated moral and strategic vision for such countries , and to back it up with a real strategy .
But that is more difficult when neighboring countries are exploiting the country 's heterogeneous makeup to pursue their own hegemonic agendas .
The international community allowed change in Tunisia and Egypt to proceed at those countries ' own pace .
The international community 's goal must be to persuade neighboring countries to halt their brazen , unwarranted attacks on parts of Syrian society .
Such investments could generate an estimated five million `` green-collar '' jobs , provide a shot in the arm for the construction and engineering industries , and get America back into the equally serious business of combating climate change and achieving energy security .
So it is clear that some countries now view environmental investments in infrastructure , energy systems , and ecosystems as among the best bets for recovery .
Blindly pumping the current bail-out billions into old industries and exhausted economic models will be throwing good money after bad while mortgaging our children 's future .
The international community 's over-arching concern must be to seal a serious and significant deal at the United Nations climate summit in Copenhagen in December to curtail C02 emissions and assist vulnerable countries to adapt .
In the case of the western Atlantic stock of blue-fin tuna , several countries argued that the existing management body -- the International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas -LRB- ICCAT -RRB- -- is best placed to manage the stock .
Even some European countries , for causes deeply rooted in a Machiavellian raison d'etat , have sometimes closed their eyes when confronted with terrorist behavior .
Arab countries , already questionable allies in the war against fellow Muslims in Afghanistan , will be even less reliable in a war against fellow Arabs .
Iraq 's neighbors - Saudi Arabia in the south and Turkey in the north - must be reassured that Shi'a and Kurdish rebellion will not result in the dismantling of Iraq and a change of borders : both countries have legitimate concerns regarding this issue .
One key advantage of it is that such an approach has a real chance of gaining support , albeit sometimes tacit , from Arab countries - and from Europe and Russia as well .
The minister went on to explain that peace in Europe is today embedded in this realization : if East European countries had thought that millions of ethnic Germans would like to return , `` the Iron Curtain would have never come down . ''
Similarly , if Helmut Kohl 's government had insisted in 1990 that all Germans expelled from Poland and Czechoslovakia have a right to return to those countries , German reunification would not have gained the broad international agreement that it did .
There is no other example of UN member countries going to war to prevent implementation of UN decisions .
This is what the Arab countries and the Palestinians did .
In a country where Shi'ites form the majority , the Sunnis -- traditionally the hegemonic group in all Arab countries -- were totally unwilling to allow any democratic process to jeopardize their rule .
Yugoslavia 's example shows that in multi-ethnic and multi-religious countries deeply riven by conflict , partition and separation may be the only way to ensure stability and democratization .
It created what is called in Arabic a Mukhabarat -LRB- security services -RRB- state , very much like what is prevalent in almost all Arab countries -- Egypt , Syria , Saudi Arabia , republics and monarchies alike .
While Jews accepted this compromise , the Palestinian Arabs , supported by the Arab League countries , rejected it and went to war against the emerging State of Israel .
Indeed , the conflict would become , if one can use the expression , more `` normal '' -- no longer between an occupying power and an occupied people , but between two countries , two states , that disagree about a lot of issues , including borders , mutual relations , and control over populations .
A similar challenge now faces North Africa and the Middle East , where most Arab countries are experiencing massive upheavals .
Even in tiny Bahrain , the Sunni minority has , for now , succeeded in maintaining its rule over the Shia majority , albeit with military help from neighboring Sunni-led countries .
Opening an impressive new page , Turkey reached out to Armenia ; softened its position on Cyprus ; tried to draw Iran into a positive dialogue with the West ; convinced Syria to settle the two countries ' simmering border dispute ; and , as a crowning achievement , launched peace talks between Syria and Israel under Turkish mediation .
It may be incorrect to call Turkey 's behavior `` neo-Ottoman , '' but some neighboring countries , after expecting a mediator and facilitator , may now feel faced by a possible bully .
As a first step , countries with forces in Afghanistan should accept that , as parties to the conflict , they need to be parties to the peace as well , and that every military operation has far-reaching and sometimes irreversible political implications .
The international community still has an opportunity to leave behind a better Afghanistan than the NATO countries are seeking to `` transition '' out of today .
OXFORD -- Emerging markets -- Brazil , China , India , Indonesia , Mexico , Russia , Turkey , and some 15 other countries in Africa , Asia , Europe , and Latin America -- account for a rapidly growing share of the world 's population and economy .
Today , however , these countries ' cities must contend with economic and social issues that are more acute , more urgent , and of a vastly larger scale than those that confronted European and American cities in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries .
As government , business , and academic leaders agreed at a recent meeting held under the auspices of the Emerging Markets Symposium , the promise of emerging-market countries will not be realized if their cities , and consequently their economies , are sick .
The health of emerging-market cities -- and countries -- demands no less .
The second biggest economy in the world is Japan 's , but the fraction of its trade denominated in yen remains low , even when compared to the smallest European countries .
First , the US is Japan 's largest trading partner : more than half of Japanese trade with industrialized countries is with the US .
Second , even when selling to countries other than the US , Japanese exporters often face stiff American competition .
Euro-zone countries can be considered a single country when dealing with the currency denomination of trade .
This ` country ' has more market power than the individual countries that form the European Monetary Union .
It should be positioned at the center of international financial markets and provide an analytical platform , not only for central banks and finance ministries , but also for regulators , standard setters , and market participants .
The IMF should also be more proactive and speak with greater candor in systemically important countries , where shortcomings in financial supervision and crisis management have appeared .
Action in these three areas would help to create a multilateral institution with the authority and expertise to advise countries on supervisory and regulatory issues of systemic importance .
The members that we represent -- advanced and emerging countries in Asia and Europe -- want to play a role in re-establishing a strengthened IMF at the heart of the international monetary system .
More concessional finance will be available for low-income countries , and international liquidity will be increased by a hand-out of $ 250 billion in special drawing rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- .
This is a boost for the IMF , and it gives hope to emerging and developing countries that have been severely hit by a crisis that originated elsewhere .
In a watershed with former practice , a new non-conditional credit line was introduced for well-performing countries .
Mexico and Poland will be its first users and more countries will line up .
Admittedly , there were warnings , but policy makers , particularly in advanced countries , did not follow suit .
To this end IMF surveillance should include regular updates on supervisory regimes in systemically important countries .
Third , the position of the euro will strengthen over time as more countries will join the euro zone .
The perception that advanced countries are running business in the Fund , but do not adhere to Fund advice , has undermined the IMF 's authority .
The rapid growth of China , India , and other emerging countries should come with increased influence , to be implemented through the planned quota increase in 2011 .
Advanced countries , including European countries , will see a relative decrease in voting power .
Now European countries finance 42 % of IMF lending and 62 % of concessional World Bank lending .
This task will have to be shared by emerging countries with large reserves .
Well , most candidate countries have already achieved a high degree of structural convergence with the EU .
Annual inflation in most candidate countries has fallen to 4-5 % - not much higher than in many EU countries , and lower than in The Netherlands last year .
Theoretical studies suggest that inflation in the accession countries will remain stubbornly higher than the Maastricht Treaty allows .
But as empirical research prepared by the CEC5 National Banks estimates , its contribution to total price growth in the candidate countries is 1-2 % .
If all candidate countries join the EU at around the same time , they will together account for a mere 6 % of its total GDP .
Equally , the transition period is already turbulent , with convergence-driven capital flows driving up exchange rates and complicating monetary policy in several candidate countries , including Poland , the Czech Republic , and Hungary .
Success here would allow candidate countries to start reaping the benefits of greater price transparency , reduced transaction costs , and a solid macroeconomic framework .
He also initiated the now common practice of measuring and comparing political and economic freedom across countries , helping to shape opinion in countries that are viewed as limiting freedom .
As the ECB 's common monetary policy can not fit the macroeconomic conditions of all the member countries , the eurozone countries need macro-prudential regulations that aim at reducing excessive credit growth .
But EU-wide measures aimed at ensuring discipline are necessary to spur the growth of preventive mechanisms in the member states , and such initiatives are largely dependent on the large countries , which thus bear a special responsibility for the developments within the eurozone -- and within the EU .
Second , beyond strengthening economic institutions , EU countries must accelerate structural reforms to boost their long-run growth prospects and facilitate their smooth adjustment to shocks .
Although it has some scientific interest in plasma physics , the participating countries should clearly state that funding it wo n't affect the rest of their research efforts .
The architects of European integration - Monnet , Schuman , Adenauer , De Gasperi , and others - understood that these ideals could be achieved only by combining and interweaving the practical interests of Europe 's countries .
The EU 's objectives are precisely those that countries are unable to achieve on their own , for example , a stronger economy and greater security .
A citizens ' initiative of this kind will require one million signatures , obtained in different countries .
European countries are heavily reliant on each other in addressing these issues .
Indian diasporas in the United States , the United Kingdom , and Southeast Asia are among the richest communities in these countries .
Just five years from now , developing countries are projected to emit more greenhouse gases than all developed countries .
This is true to the extent that the Tribunal is insensitive to the intricate balancing expected of officials in the countries of the former Yugoslavia .
What will become of several hundred million rural peasants and jobless workers in sunset industries ?
Second , as we have seen in the case of North Korea , there is nothing to stop countries that sign the Treaty from simply walking out after declaring that `` extraordinary events '' have jeopardized their supreme interests .
Nine countries already have nuclear weapons , and it would be naive to presume that others , particularly in regions of conflict , will not try to get hold of them .
In addition , a number of countries with nuclear energy programs have the capability , if they choose , to manufacture nuclear weapons within a matter of months if their security perceptions change , because they have mastered the critical technology -- uranium enrichment and plutonium reprocessing .
Last month , I proposed a key measure to strengthen non-proliferation to the IAEA 's Board of Governors -- establishing an IAEA bank of low-enriched uranium -LRB- LEU -RRB- to guarantee supplies to countries that need nuclear fuel for their power reactors .
Some such mechanism will be essential in the coming decades as more and more countries introduce nuclear energy .
My proposal is to create a physical stockpile of LEU at the disposal of the IAEA as a last-resort reserve for countries with nuclear power programs that face a supply disruption for non-commercial reasons .
This would give countries confidence that they can count on reliable supplies of fuel to run their nuclear power plants , and therefore do not need to develop their own uranium-enrichment or plutonium-reprocessing capability .
The LEU would be available to countries in need on the basis of non-political and non-discriminatory criteria . It would be accessible at market prices to all states in compliance with their nuclear safeguards obligations .
The two countries share a language and culture , and , until Stalin separated them , were even part of the same state .
And just about the last thing the EU needs is an influx of hundreds of thousands of migrants fleeing poverty , political repression , and despair in Moldova and other countries of the former Soviet Union .
After a couple of centuries of relative stagnation , these two countries , containing nearly two-fifths of the world 's population , have experienced remarkably rapid income growth in the last three decades .
Much of what really goes on inside these two large countries is often left out .
In the financial media , China and India have become poster children for market reform and globalization , even though in matters of privatization , property rights , deregulation , and lingering bureaucratic rigidities , both countries have in many ways departed from economic orthodoxy .
Out of a total of 157 countries in 2008 , China ranked 126th and India 115th .
Although socialist economic policies in both countries inhibited initiative and enterprise , a positive legacy of that period can not be denied .
If and when the natural resource generating the windfall wealth -LRB- in this case , oil and gas -RRB- disappears , the economy is left with too few competitive industries and too many empty bookstore-cafes .
Domestic industries that face foreign competition are beginning to close down or relocate abroad .
Any government effort to sustain dying industries or to allocate investment by picking all sorts of `` innovative '' projects will be a recipe for economic disaster .
These countries , like Norway , were winners in the natural resource lottery . But that is no guarantee that they will remain rich after the payments stop .
Whereas Tunisia and Egypt are relatively homogeneous countries -- Sunni Muslims constitute more than 90 % of their inhabitants -- Bahrain 's Sunnis , including the royal family and the country 's political and economic elite , comprise only about one-third of the population .
The legislature 's role and influence in these three countries also vary . In Tunisia and Egypt , authoritarian regimes allowed no political space for dissenting voices .
By 2050 , it is estimated that there will be nine billion people on earth , so the need for food may double -- primarily among urban populations in the world 's poorest countries .
This means that agriculture should become an international priority , with the poorest countries helped to safeguard the security and independence of their food supplies .
Countries and organizations are already mobilizing .
This makes it imperative that EU food production levels be held steady -- for the sake of Europeans and of people in the world 's poorest countries .
But Europe can not build up its own agriculture to the detriment of the less fortunate . So the EU must harmonize its policies with poorer countries .
At present , export subsidies and support payments represent less than 1 % of the European agricultural budget , and the EU has undertaken to eliminate them once it receives reciprocal undertakings from major food-exporting countries .
Since 2001 , with the `` Everything but Arms '' initiative , all products from poor countries -- with the exception of weapons and munitions -- can enter the EU single market on a duty-free basis . This has led to the EU becoming the primary market for the poorest countries ' products .
Indeed , agriculture remains the primary productive sector in the world 's poorest countries , employing 65 % of the working population and , on average , contributing more than 25 % to GDP .
Faced with the erratic nature of agricultural markets , regulation is needed to soften the impact on poorer countries of volatile food prices .
But , in a world where productivity differentials can be as great as one to 1,000 , it would be unwise to rely on markets alone to enable the poorest countries to expand their economies .
Nor is it likely that much economic expansion will result from competition between multinational food distributors and producers in countries where famine still stalks the land .
Instead , bringing together outside expertise and local knowledge of the geography and environmental and economic constraints in order to spread risks and share the management of resources and projects is far more likely to help poor countries achieve food independence .
Countries that have protected their agricultural development from the threats posed by international markets -- such as India or Vietnam -- have achieved substantial reductions in agricultural poverty .
More than one billion people in the world today do not have enough food to meet their basic daily nutritional needs , and the situation in developing countries is getting worse .
And we will pump in another $ 4 billion in the coming three years to fund activities that help countries improve food security and adapt to climate change .
Small farmers , predominantly in developing countries , will bear the brunt of climate change .
If we do not act quickly , the 40 poorest countries , predominantly in sub-Saharan Africa and Latin America , will by 2080 lose from 10 % to 20 % of their basic grain-growing capacity due to drought .
But even the best and most up-to-date donor policies will remain vain exercises if governments in developed countries fail to translate their commitments into hard cash and improvements in agricultural investment worldwide .
Many of our countries are targets of terrorism , which , eight years on from the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , we must recognize is down , but by no means out .
Many of our countries are targets of terrorism , which eight years on from 9\/11 , we must recognize is down , but by no means out .
But , while `` capitalism '' -- defined as an economic system built on private ownership of property -- clearly has prevailed , there are many differences among the nearly 200 countries that now practice it in some form .
State-guided capitalism describes economies where growth is a central economic objective -LRB- as it is in the other two forms of capitalism -RRB- , but attempts to achieve it by favoring specific firms or industries .
But the Achilles heel of state guidance is that once such economies near the `` production-possibility frontier , '' policy makers run out of industries and technologies to copy .
When government officials rather than markets then try to choose the next winners , they run a great risk of choosing the wrong industries , or channeling too much investment -- and thus excess capacity -- into existing sectors .
This analysis , from the International Study of Asthma and Allergies in Childhood -LRB- ISAAC -RRB- , involved more than 200,000 six - and seven-year-old children from 73 centers in 31 countries .
Yes , over the last decade , there has been growing use of global governance standards , largely developed in the United States , to assess how countries and companies around the world protect minority investors .
While widely held firms dominate the capital markets of the US and the UK , controlled companies dominate in most other countries .
Investors and public officials in countries where controlled companies dominate should stop using global governance standards based on the designers ' experience with widely held firms in the US .
Moreover , in countries that have many controlled firms , close attention should be paid to related-party transactions and to the taking of corporate opportunities -- the main ways in which value may be diverted from minority investors in such firms .
To improve corporate governance and investor protection , public officials and investors in countries whose capital markets are dominated by controlled companies should be wary of global governance standards developed for US companies .
Large , publicly traded companies in other countries also often face lax limits on their use of corporate resources to influence political outcomes , fueling fears that the interests of shareholders will trump those of other groups , such as consumers and employees .
In some countries , such as the US , ownership and control are separated , and companies are de facto controlled by professional managers .
In many other countries , however , listed companies commonly have a controlling shareholder that dominates the firm 's decision-making .
In such countries , rules are supposed to limit the controlling shareholders ' power to advance their interests at the expense of minority shareholders .
A large body of empirical evidence indicates that corporate governance and investor protection are better in countries that are more advanced in their economic and political development .
Countries that are more developed , and have political systems that are more accountable to voters and less vulnerable to corporate lobbying , may lead to better corporate governance and investor protection rules .
CAMBRIDGE -- A recent decision issued by the United States Supreme Court expanded the freedom of corporations to spend money on political campaigns and candidates -- a freedom enjoyed by corporations in other countries around the world .
In the US , for example , organizations that seek to speak for the business sector , or for specific industries , raise funds from corporations and spend more than $ 1 billion annually on efforts to influence politics and policymaking .
In a meeting this month , finance ministers of G-8 countries agreed to follow the US and perform stress tests on their banks .
The kind of stress tests that the US conducted , and that other countries are being urged to emulate -- and the ability of banks to raise additional equity capital -- can not provide a basis for such a conclusion .
Many countries provide investors in publicly traded firms with levels of protection that are patently inadequate .
Even in countries with well-developed systems of corporate governance , arrangements that are excessively lax on corporate insiders persist .
There is very little scope for international action to eliminate the violation of these rights in many - if not most - countries of the world today , particularly those that are trying to turn the ` Earth Summit ' into a sounding board for criticism of the failure of advanced countries to do more to eradicate world poverty or to protect the environment .
Famines do occur , of course , but rarely , if ever , in genuinely democratic countries .
For example , rich countries should reduce agricultural subsidies and open up their markets more to Third World food exports .
These include , above all , increased respect for the rule of law , for property rights , for freedom for people to take advantage of their entrepreneurial spirit and to express their discontent with their lot , not to mention other basic freedoms set out in numerous international conventions to which almost all the countries participating in the Earth Summit are signatories and which many flagrantly ignore .
Unfortunately , given the respect accorded to national sovereignty , the scope for international action to improve respect for basic human rights in the many countries where they are violated is limited .
Two countries -- Hungary and Ukraine -- have already asked for large packages of support .
If the situation continues until the end of the year , which can not be ruled out , many more countries could experience serious banking crises .
But successful financial development is now coming back to haunt these countries .
Until now , the countries of emerging Europe withstood the global financial squeeze remarkably well , coping with the slowdown in important export markets and increased borrowing costs .
For non-EU countries , like Turkey and Ukraine , innovative ideas are also urgently needed .
But , as countries like Egypt , Syria , and Lybia might be indicating , hereditary succession is not an inherently reactionary move .
Many Muslims who have been fighting for years for their countries ' modernization have so far failed to find a lucid response to the progressive wave of radical Islam .
In 2005 , the 17 countries of the Arab world together produced 13,444 scientific publications , fewer than the 15,455 achieved by Harvard University alone .
However isolated within the Arab family the Syrians may be , and however embattled their Iranian allies are , the two countries hold the keys to Middle East stability .
Under the cover of the `` war on terror , '' the US played into Russia 's fear of encirclement through its military penetration into Central Asian countries such as Afghanistan , Pakistan , Uzbekistan , Kyrgyzstan , Kazakhstan , and Tajikistan .
Indeed , it affects the entire Arab world , particularly the vulnerable Gulf countries , and even Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Turkey can be a model for Middle Eastern countries if , while promoting its regional strategic and economic interests , it resists the authoritarian temptation and continues to show that Islam and democracy are fully compatible .
In the 1960 's , David Ben-Gurion 's fatalistic pessimism about the possibility of ever reaching a peace settlement with the Arab countries led him to forge an `` Alliance of the Periphery '' with the non-Arab countries in the outer circle of the Middle East -- Iran , Ethiopia , and Turkey -LRB- he also dreamed of having Lebanon 's Maronite community as part of that alliance -RRB- .
All of these countries did not have any particular dispute with Israel , and all , to varying degrees , had tense relations with their Arab neighbors .
The myth of Israel 's military power , resourcefulness in economic and agricultural matters , and an exaggerated perception of its unique capacity to lobby and influence American policy combined to make the Israeli connection especially attractive to these countries .
A fortnight before Obama 's Cairo speech , a delegation of the United Nations Security Council visited four African countries to express concern about the resurgence of unconstitutional change on the continent .
Africa does indeed present a gloomy picture , with countries virtually crumbling to dust as a result of autocracy and stagnation .
Order and stability , even in the absence of constitutional rights , is what makes countries like Libya and Tunisia legitimate in the eyes of the international community .
Owning Up to Israel 's Bomb TEL AVIV -- President Barack Obama 's vision of a world without nuclear weapons , and the recent agreement he signed with Russia aimed at cutting back the nuclear stockpiles of both countries , enhances his moral and political leadership .
The potential for export of nuclear material and know-how by countries such as Pakistan -- and perhaps one day Iran -- is also a matter of concern for Israel .
Alas , the new rules apply in fact only to those countries that are not world powers .
The indifference of some European countries towards Israel 's call for help during the debate over the Goldstone report was not unrelated to their frustration at Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu 's refusal to freeze the settlements , as Obama has been insisting .
Regular armies are no longer the exclusive threat to countries ' security .
None of these countries is considering a military solution to the Afghan crisis .
NATO 's Mediterranean emphasis was inaugurated in 1994 through the Mediterranean Dialogue , which linked countries like Egypt , Israel , Jordan , Morocco , Mauritania , Algeria , and Tunisia in security discussions with the Alliance .
The Istanbul Cooperation Initiative of 2004 , triggered by the trauma of the 9\/11 attacks , holds far greater potential , for it transforms NATO 's relations with friendly states in the Middle East from dialogue to partnership -- a level comparable to the Partnership for Peace program used to promote Central and Eastern European countries to full membership .
Morocco , Algeria , and Libya are hardly partners for such regional cooperation , which is also the case for most Arab countries in the Middle East .
If these two countries ' mutual hostility is not reined in , and a fundamentalist Afghanistan continues to provide the strategic depth through which Pakistan threatens its sworn Indian enemies , the current disaster might still breed defeat .
That was also the logic of the Barcelona Process in the late 1990 's , whereby the European Union worked to promote the development and democratization of the countries of the Maghreb as the best way to stem the uncontrolled tide of illegal immigration into Europe .
The two countries are condemned by history and geography to develop civilized neighborly relations .
Precisely because developing a mutually beneficial border regime is , as Secretary of State Hillary Clinton rightly remarked in her 2009 visit to the island , a task that affects the two countries ' stability and well-being , it also needs to be part of the current international reconstruction effort .
But the collapse of its old `` alliance of the periphery , '' including Turkey , the Shah 's Iran , and Ethiopia , had more to do with revolutionary changes in those countries -- the Ayatollah Khomeini 's rise to power , the end of Emperor Haile Selassie 's regime , and now Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's Islamic shift -- than with Israeli policies .
As one of the poorest and neediest countries in the world , for which oil revenues would be the only source of income for years to come , an independent South Sudan could not be expected to rescue the debt-ridden North .
Particularly painful is that key Latin American countries , where Israel once enjoyed an almost mythological status , have joined that wave .
All of this does not mean that Egypt 's commitment to the two countries ' peace treaty is in imminent danger .
And , with the Kurdish problem as alive as ever , the Turks also know only too well that upheavals in neighboring countries can spill over into Turkey itself .
Moreover , since Hamas 's rise to power , Fatah 's challenge to the new Palestinian rulers was enhanced by lavish financial support it secured from the United States and Europe , and by a generous supply of weapons from both the US and Arab countries .
Though Ayatollah Khomeini 's Islamic revolution in 1979 disrupted Israel 's old alliance with Iran , the two countries continued to conduct business with America 's blessing .
Islam Hadhari tries to project the idea that UMNO 's materialism and nationalism do not contradict Islam .
First , certain countries turn specifically to Europe for help .
Even if one religious tradition still claims a majority of a population as its nominal adherents , individuals can still choose to disaffiliate from the institution representing that tradition -LRB- as in the Catholic majority countries of Europe -RRB- .
Responses to the challenge of global pluralism will take different forms in different parts of the Orthodox world . There may be efforts to re-establish something like the traditional sinfonia , as in Russia ; embrace of `` Eurosecularity , '' as in Greece , Cyprus , and other countries entering the EU 's orbit -LRB- Romania and Bulgaria sooner , Armenia and Georgia later -RRB- ; or moves toward voluntary association , as in the US .
But proselytizing means only that one tries to convince others of the truths to which one is committed .
But for those coming from euro candidate countries , the event was a cold shower .
The model advocated by Western Europe and embraced by Eastern Europe has been based on the idea that capital should flow from capital-rich to capital-poor countries .
But it has also left these countries vulnerable to the twists and turns of global financial markets .
The penetration of foreign banks has also effectively deprived countries in Central and Eastern Europe of monetary policy tools , leaving them with little control over extremely rapid credit growth .
Relatively high levels of inflation have been the main reason why euro membership was perceived as increasingly remote in most countries , and why the prospect of euro entry has had a diminishing impact on domestic reform efforts .
After the devastating impact of the crisis on their economies , countries hosting Western banking subsidiaries and branches can not be expected to accept the status quo .
The countries currently holding out -- within Europe primarily the UK &#45; &#45; must be made to understand that the alternative to a EU-wide solution is a radical increase in host country regulation .
This is even more likely in countries that do not face the same constraints on national solutions as members of the EU &#45; &#45; most prominent among them China or India , which only recently opened their borders to foreign direct investment in the financial sector .
Unlike most other parts of the world , capital in Europe has flowed from rich to poor countries -- essentially from West to East and South .
Within Eastern Europe , capital has sought out the countries with the most rapid growth , following the overwhelming pattern in emerging markets .
Industries that depend heavily on external finance grew faster in countries with large capital inflows than in countries with more modest inflows .
Yet this model has conspicuously failed to protect host countries against the systemic risk of excessive capital inflows .
Giving increased powers to host countries over parent companies located outside their jurisdiction is problematic .
Most host countries have limited resources to penetrate the complex structures of sprawling financial groups , and their powers to enforce regulation and supervision are limited .
Host countries could address their needs by adopting a radical solution that would unilaterally impose capital controls and other measures to protect their domestic markets .
It would allow host countries to impose restrictions on credit expansion , regardless of how a financial institution chooses to channel capital to its market , and would strengthen host countries ' rights to request information from home-country regulators .
Without sufficient progress in that direction , however , host countries must be provided greater protection .
Five countries are expected to suffer double-digit declines in GDP .
Non-performing loans in the banking sector and unemployment continue to rise in many countries .
On the one hand , it created economic ties and financial dependence that have made many transition countries highly susceptible to the crisis in the West .
At the same time , integration into the wider European and global economy has no doubt contributed to excessively fast expansion in private-sector and foreign-currency debt , which has complicated the crisis in many countries .
But the lesson from this experience is not that countries should attempt to reverse financial integration -- to do so would be both unfeasible and unwise -- but that they should reduce its risks .
Like the financially integrated economies of Central and Eastern Europe , the commodity-rich countries have had to manage the complications of rapid inflows of foreign currency .
In some areas , particularly macroeconomic management involving the accumulation and use of stabilization funds , resource-rich transition countries have performed fairly well .
A long agenda of institutional reform remains , particularly in Central Asia and some East European and Western Balkans countries .
Moreover , significant sector-specific reforms are needed even in some Central European and Baltic countries , particularly in sustainable energy and energy efficiency , transport , and the financial sector , where regulatory and supervisory regimes require strengthening , financing of small and medium-sized firms needs to be improved , and local capital markets must be developed .
It also highlighted the pitfalls of the development models that countries in the transition region have pursued .
Many countries in emerging Europe had similar near-death experiences in the recent global crisis .
Not all Asian countries walked the line to the same extent , and some opportunities for reform were undoubtedly lost , but important lessons were learned and institutions improved .
The countries of emerging Europe must go through a similar bout of introspection , but the fact that they were saved from worst-case scenarios seems to make it more difficult to launch this process .
Moreover , the region had relied excessively on foreign savings to support growth , with many countries running large long-term current-account deficits .
Some countries , like Hungary , have managed to sustain the quality of education , critical for long-term competitiveness .
But , unlike the ill-advised exposure to sovereign debt across Europe , cross-border banking through foreign subsidiaries has been beneficial for investors , and for home and host countries alike -- nowhere more so than in emerging Central and Eastern Europe , still the most important export market for the eurozone .
Along with institutional reforms at the European level -- particularly the creation of the European Systemic Risk Board and the European Banking Authority -- regulation and supervision have been reinforced in subsidiaries ' host countries .
Allowing foreign banks ' subsidiaries to become orphaned amid a worsening crisis in home countries would undermine confidence in emerging Europe 's financial systems , which could trigger asset-price declines and precipitous contractions in credit .
Authorities from these banks ' home and host countries must sit down together .
In responding to the higher capital requirements imposed by authorities , and choosing whether to raise more capital or sell off assets , the banks must take into account the important role that their subsidiaries play in many countries .
Home countries must also contribute .
Subsidiaries ' host countries , for their part , must reassure parent banks that financial regulation will remain predictable .
Any sustainable solution to the crisis must ensure the integrity of the bank groups and respect the interests of these banks ' home and host countries .
`` Thirteen Days , '' a new film about the Cuban Missile Crisis , will soon be showing in many countries .
Several countries , most notably Germany and France , seem hobbled by inflexible labor markets and regulations that inhibit dynamism .
That uncertainty ended when America succeeded in limiting invitations to three chosen countries , surprising those Alliance members who supported other candidates .
Back then Nato heads-of-state welcomed the progress of various candidate countries , commending the Baltic states in particular .
-LRB- To be precise , Nato must treat the applications of all three Baltic countries together .
In weighing these options , admission of the Baltic countries quickly seems the better solution .
We are not witnessing a Copernican revision of the orbits of global diplomacy . For , although a world without treaties and institutions would hurt most other countries more , it would hurt the mighty US as well .
For its military power , America depends on no one ; for its influence in the world , however , the US continues to depend on the acceptance of other , lesser countries .
The three Baltic countries - Latvia , Estonia and Lithuania - will be among the smallest members when they join the Union on May 1 , 2004 , their total of 6 million people representing just 1.5 % of the then EU 's population .
Although as small countries they have learned that the big ones usually get their way , they deeply resented the Berlin meeting because they see in it an attempt to limit their rights in the club they are about to join .
The attitudes of the EU 's big and small countries suggests that European integration 's basic bargain is no longer regarded as fair .
The authority of the big countries derives not from their European credentials but from their power ranking ; the resentment of the smaller countries flows not from a different notion of integration but from their fear of losing out .
After the falling-out over Bush 's Iraq adventure , the two countries -- so central to the transatlantic relationship in the past -- are once again on speaking terms .
But there will be no new initiatives on integration until leaders in the countries that rejected the Constitutional Treaty are ready for a new try .
Nato to Lebanon -- but on one condition The current discussion surrounding an international force for southern Lebanon has focused almost exclusively on which countries and organizations -- NATO , the European Union , the United Nations -- will provide the troops .
If an international force simply allows Ehud Olmert 's government to pursue its plans further , the countries that provide troops for the international force will not only be seen as rubberstamping Israeli policy , but will also be dragged into its failure .
Countries that contribute troops would appear to be siding unequivocally with Israel , thereby losing all credibility with Israel 's adversaries .
Of course , some countries , not least the US , would oppose making such a reversal in Israeli policy a condition of creating an international force and consensus in NATO , the EU , or the UN may not be found or , if it were to emerge , Israel might simply refuse to abide .
Under the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- of which Iran is still a member , countries are entitled to engage in enriching uranium for civilian purposes , and Iran claims that this is all it wants .
In the heyday of American dominance , European governments profited doubly : they were part of a powerful West and courted as a potential counterweight to US dominance by third countries .
This claim has great credibility with labor unions that believe that trade with poor countries produces paupers in rich countries .
They therefore argue for leveling the playing field -- i.e. , that the costs for their rivals in poor countries must be raised by imposing the same labor standards that exist in rich countries .
Many economists have concluded , however , that continual and deep labor-saving technological change , not trade with poor countries , is a principal culprit in the stagnation seen in rich-country wages nowadays .
Myth 3 : `` Free trade requires that other countries also open their markets . ''
Myth 5 : `` Offshoring of jobs will devastate rich countries . ''
Indeed , it is clear that the increased tradability of services has not unleashed an economic tsunami on rich countries .
Often , jobs that would have disappeared anyway , owing to high costs in the US and other rich countries , have resurfaced where costs are lower , thus providing services that would have been lost otherwise .
But this argument is specious : one can have a vigorous transportation industry , with trucks , rail , and air cargo moving agricultural produce within and across nations , as countries such as pre-Peronist Argentina , Australia , New Zealand , and modern Chile have done very successfully .
Whatever the shortcomings of such measures in economic-policy terms , the visa-fee-enhancement provision is de facto discriminatory , and thus violates WTO rules against discrimination between domestic and foreign firms , or between foreign firms from different WTO countries .
India would be the chief loser relative to US firms , and , with several sizeable firms , such as Infosys and Wipro , adversely affected by the measure , it would also be the chief loser vis-à-vis smaller outsourcing firms from other countries .
But there have also been proposals to grant duty-free access to Pakistan 's exports . But this would be discriminatory toward developing countries that do not have duty-free access , helping Pakistan at their expense .
Both countries , the `` sleeping giants , '' were expected to awaken at some point from their slumber .
As it happened , however , both giants slept on -- until the 1980 's in China and the early 1990 's in India -- mainly because both countries embraced a counter-productive policy framework that crippled the productivity of their investment efforts .
How concerned should advanced countries be about the outsourcing of manufacturing to China or software development to India ?
Fear of jobs lost to low-wage countries strikes a populist chord , but misses a vital point : the prosperity of developed countries depends primarily on entrepreneurship .
Similarly , outsourcing to low-wage countries improves living standards only if the human capital released can be used to make new goods and services .
For many advanced countries , expansion of markets for new goods and services facilitates - and has been facilitated by - imports from low-wage countries .
Resources released by these imports fostered the growth of industries that satisfy new needs .
To be sure , the speed and magnitude of the integration of nearly a billion Chinese and Indian workers into global labor markets is unprecedented and will hurt some workers and communities in developed countries .
Moreover , exports to low-wage countries can not compensate for job losses .
A Chinese worker simply can not buy the same goods and services as a worker in the EU , and workers in low-wage countries spend only a small portion of their incomes on EU products .
As incomes in China grow , imports from other low or middle-income countries rise faster than imports from high-wage countries .
But , apart from a few industries , such as toys and bicycles , far fewer jobs are lost to imports than to efficiency improvements .
Provided this capacity remains in good repair , job `` losses '' - through improvements in the efficiency of domestic production or through outsourcing to low-wage countries - will enhance standards of living .
For Poland and the other countries of East-Central Europe that have or are about to join NATO , membership in the Alliance did n't really require debate .
oblige unpredictable countries to become responsible ;
help poor countries .
What most European countries get for their social expenditure is a lot of state provision of services , and not much reduction in social inequality .
Workers ' incomes in Britain and Ireland have not fallen measurably , despite both countries ' openness to immigration from the enlarged EU .
Ukraine 's Orange Revolution in 2004 ignited the hope of a new wave of democratic reforms in the countries to the east of the European Union -- a period of so-called `` color '' revolutions .
The agreement could become a model for similar agreements with other countries belonging to the EU 's Eastern Partnership .
Indeed , consumption of antioxidant supplements in developed countries has become widespread .
More than one-third of adults in developed countries now ingest antioxidant pills , which is much easier than eating fruits and vegetables .
Since emissions from the developing countries are on the whole lower than those of the developed world -- and will need to continue to rise in the short-term as they maintain economic growth and address poverty -- it has been proposed that developed countries cut emissions by at least 80 % relative to 1990 by 2050 , with major steps towards this goal over the next decade .
Developing countries will also need to play their part , significantly slowing and peaking emissions growth in the coming decades .
For all countries , this is a major challenge -- a revolution that implies a huge shift in policy .
All seven policies have already been successfully implemented in countries around the world , but they need scaling up .
Developed countries will be able to commit to reducing their emissions by 80 % versus 1990 by mid-century , as many have already done , and provide the necessary financial and technology support for developing countries ' adaptation and mitigation efforts .
With that support , developing countries in turn will need to design and implement `` Low-Carbon Growth Plans '' that significantly slow and eventually peak their emissions growth .
By making these commitments , the MEF leaders , whose countries account for more than three-quarters of global emissions , would lay a firm foundation for success in Copenhagen .
Between L'Aquila and Copenhagen , there will undoubtedly be difficult discussions over interim targets for developed countries .
Supporters of every religion in 106 countries have answered the call .
To take just one example , eliminating the monopoly that notaries public hold in countries like France and Italy would substantially decrease the costs of buying and selling homes , decrease the cost of housing , and make it less costly for workers to move to where the jobs are .
First , in the advanced countries , we have probably seen the worst of the financial crisis .
Second , and unfortunately , the financial crisis has moved to emerging countries .
Add to this the drop in output in advanced countries , and you can see how emerging countries now suffer from both higher credit costs and decreased export demand .
Second , emerging market countries must get help in adjusting to the financial crisis .
Many investors who want out will not return for some time , and countries must accept this fact and adjust accordingly .
These countries need more than liquidity ; they need financial help to carry out the necessary adjustments .
For a few countries , the main central banks have provided access to liquidity through swap lines .
The International Monetary Fund , for its part , has created a new liquidity facility , enabling countries that pre-qualify to apply and get funds with little or no conditionality .
As for countries that need more help , this is the IMF 's natural function .
A number of countries have already obtained funds under program lending .
First , in countries in which there is fiscal space , they must announce credible fiscal expansions ; we -- the IMF -- believe that , as a whole , a global fiscal expansion about 2 % of world GDP is both feasible and appropriate .
Moreover , the countries on Europe 's periphery remain in difficulty , as doubts about the sustainability of adjustment programs have resurfaced .
And growth in advanced countries is not sufficient to make serious inroads into high unemployment rates , which are imposing high social costs .
The surge in food and energy prices is a major emergency for many of these countries , and it needs to be managed carefully .
More intense competition , within and across countries , has decreased the available rents .
The limits on redistribution through the market are much tighter : trying to appropriate the rents may lead firms to move to emerging countries , or else to go bankrupt .
Is economic recovery around the corner , as promised by the leaders of the G8 , the group of the world 's richest countries that held their annual meeting in Evian , France last week ?
BUENOS AIRES -- Ever since World War II , the countries of Latin America have served as something of a currency laboratory .
In all cases , however , exchange-rate policies have played a central role in determining these countries ' overall macroeconomic results .
The 1980 's was a harrowing decade for most Latin American countries .
In all the major countries , this resulted in defaults , significant and continuous exchange-rate adjustments , and , by the end of the decade , a severe inflation\/devaluation spiral , bordering , in some cases , on hyperinflation .
At the beginning of the 1990 's , with inflation rampant , the three largest Latin American countries decided to use the exchange rate as the centerpiece of their stabilization strategies .
During the same period , other Latin American countries , particularly Colombia and Chile , adopted an alternative strategy .
Both countries managed to reduce inflation gradually while maintaining economic growth .
Coming from different experiences , most countries converged on the adoption of a floating exchange rate , many in the context of inflation targeting .
Managing a floating rate has also allowed Latin American countries to accumulate a significant level of international reserves .
The mechanics are familiar : dollar liquidity flees to emerging countries in search of higher yields , putting upward pressure on their currencies .
This pressure is compounded in resource-rich Latin American countries by the increase in commodity prices caused by a similar search for yield and by the fall in the dollar 's value .
But why should Latin American countries care about these capital flows and the revaluation of their currencies ?
After all , capital inflows traditionally have been regarded as a positive transfer of savings from rich industrial countries to capital-scarce emerging markets .
Instead of natural resources hurting competitiveness , in Latin America -LRB- and other developing countries -RRB- it is financial flows that are causing the illness .
By artificially inflating assets and wealth in recipient countries , capital inflows induce emerging economies to over-consume , creating the same type of conditions that led to the recent crisis -- this time in economies that are far less equipped than the US to deal with the risks .
This type of regional coordination might also enhance the bargaining power of the countries involved , strengthening their global voice .
As the crisis hit , stronger banking systems and effective macroeconomic policies -- including fiscal responsibility and low public debt , exchange-rate flexibility , and a large accumulation of international reserves -- allowed Latin American countries to implement unprecedented countercyclical policies .
In short , while Latin America 's economies were helped by high commodity prices , it is indisputable that the significant economic reforms adopted in most countries enabled them to have a `` good crisis . ''
But this successful performance , together with high growth rates from 2004 to 2010 , seems to have led to an unhealthy level of self-satisfaction among observers and policymakers in some countries .
Indeed , many now apparently assume that their countries have become immune to future shocks .
Second , although countries have laid the groundwork for sustainable growth in a number of areas , the reform agenda remains vast , and most countries are not yet able to avoid the boom-and-bust cycles that have long plagued them .
When it comes to GDP growth , most countries recorded 3-4 % annual rates on average in the period between the crises of 1999 and 2009 .
Countries like Uruguay , Mexico , and El Salvador grew at a mere 2-2 .5 % rate .
Otherwise , countries risk losing their hard-won gains .
It took 15 years for other countries to compete successfully with America 's Silicon Valley in semi-conductors , but less than five years in Internet technology .
Some EU countries - particularly new members in Central and Eastern Europe - have committed themselves to use privatization receipts to finance pension reform .
To overcome the SGP 's bias against structural reforms , the European Commission asked at this last Ecofin meeting for more discretion and to put more emphasis on -LRB- explicit -RRB- debt : countries with a lower debt-to-GDP ratio would have greater freedom in fiscal policy .
Economic ministers suggested that pension reform and long-term fiscal sustainability should also guide country evaluations under the SGP , while some countries insisted that it should be linked to the Lisbon agenda .
This would give more flexibility on budget deficits to countries that are making progress towards meeting the agenda 's reform targets .
The key is to select some comprehensive but operationally precise indicators of structural reforms , and then apply the same idea suggested by the Commission for public debt : countries that are making more progress on these indicators can get more leeway on their budget deficit .
Policies on migrants are becoming increasingly tough , especially in those countries that already had the most restrictive provisions .
Countries are getting tougher because migration flows can be diverted across jurisdictions .
This raises concerns among public opinion that migrants rejected by some countries could flood those that do not impose tighter restrictions .
The US also has more realistic migration restrictions than most European countries .
It does not stress the obvious advantages of having the EU as a unique player in enforcing border controls , signing cooperation agreements with migrants ' countries of origin , and encouraging the type of flows that are best suited for Europe .
The Green Paper also suggests that , when admitting migrants , member countries `` require proof that no one already part of the domestic labor market can fill the vacancy concerned . ''
Temporary workers also do not have access to bank loans and mortgages in many countries .
Thus , the credit crunch is becoming a `` youth crunch , '' as highlighted by a recent survey carried out by the British Council in several European countries .
In countries like Germany , Italy , and the Netherlands , the rise in unemployment has been contained so far by massive use of short-time working schemes , which freeze workers with permanent contracts into their current jobs .
Aging countries seeking to recover the ground lost in the current recession quickly can not afford to lose entire generations .
An entry strategy for young workers based on completing the reforms of employment protection carried out in most OECD countries in the last 20 years could offer them a clear `` tenure track . ''
Hence , the soft method , and the absence of sanctions for countries delaying the process .
Any delay by one country in moving in that direction would jeopardize efforts made in other countries .
Here , there is a strong case for having EU-wide targets rather than simply national objectives and sanctions for countries that do not liberalize their markets .
Other targets could instead be set at the EU level , rewarding those countries that contribute the most to attaining them .
Selective migration policies and talent-friendly environments supported at the European level could significantly improve the net skill migration balance , which is currently negative or zero in all EU countries .
Needless to say , as unemployment rose and many other countries decreased hours worked in order to contain job losses , tax reductions on overtime were phased out and the scope of short-time work was enhanced .
Yet other findings from several relatively well-to-do countries , such as South Korea and the United States , suggest that people there are essentially no happier today than they were 50 years ago , despite a doubling or quadrupling of average per capita income .
What football really provides is a residual area of confrontation that allows for the controlled expression of animosity , leaving the most important areas of interaction between countries unaffected .
France and Germany will soon have a common army -- they already have a common currency -- yet the survival of national teams channels , within a strictly limited framework , lingering rivalry between the two countries .
Most other countries do n't come anywhere close .
There are ongoing efforts in Africa and elsewhere to internationalize a campaign that seeks to bring to galvanize public awareness of the dark fact that , in many countries , women remain mere commodities at the disposal of tradition .
Today , most of the African , Arab , and Asian countries blighted by the custom female genital mutilation are nonetheless signatories of the international conventions that condemn this practice , particularly the international Convention on the Elimination of Discrimination Against Women and the international Convention on the Rights of the Child .
Most of these countries also support a series of UN resolutions that call for eliminating female genital mutilation .
Should we impose sanctions on countries that do not make the practice unlawful ?
We need to reach into politics , because there will be no freedom for African , Arab , or Asian women without the advent of political democracy in their countries .
Here is the challenge that confronts those who live in countries where female genital mutilation is not routinely practiced but who care about the fate of women around the world .
Across the world , narcotics trafficking is on the increase , not only because new markets are coming online , but also because new countries have taken up production .
Harsh new domestic laws in many countries have not only failed to control the spread of drugs throughout the world , but have delivered a vast new source of state intrusiveness into the lives of millions of people .
At its origin -- with only 50 signatories of its Charter -- the UN was a rather exclusive club of countries .
Indeed , Article 53 of the Charter defined the formerly fascist Axis countries as `` enemy states '' of the UN , so that Italy had to wait until 1955 to become a member . Japan joined only in 1956 and Germany in 1973 .
In this context , the veto power conferred on the victors of World War Two was not concerned with `` internal '' conflicts among the member states ; it extended only to threats to peace from countries outside the UN consensus .
The non-aligned movement also stood for the principle of including in the UN , as a matter of right , all sovereign countries .
This turned the UN from a club of countries that share the same values into an amorphous forum of the international community -- an indistinct body that never investigates the democratic credentials of its members .
Today 's UN , which entrusts the protection of fundamental human rights to countries that are themselves among the prime violators of these rights , is no longer acceptable .
Countries from the former Soviet bloc , for example , had to adapt their legislation to these standards in order to join .
In recent years , a number of countries , often after painful reforms , have become democratic , showing that it is possible to `` globalize '' democracy as well as trade .
Yet other countries remain stubbornly outside this emerging democratic order , and some democracies may be moving toward authoritarianism .
In fact , the resolution calls on the participants at a conference of donors , to take place in London at the end of January , `` to take into consideration the proposal of licensed production of opium for medical purposes , as already granted to a number of countries . ''
Because of the serious threat that the illegal drug economy poses to stability and democracy in Afghanistan , we must start thinking in terms of regulated poppy growing for medical purposes , in particular for painkillers , with the active participation of donor countries and the UN itself .
Indeed , the UN estimates that just six countries prescribe 78 % of the total legal production of opiates , implying shortages of opium-based painkillers in many of the UN 's 185 other member states .
Moreover , the UN also estimates that there are 45 million people living with HIV\/AIDS in countries where health systems are either absent or very poor , and that over the next 20 years there will be some 10 million new cases of cancer in the developing world .
These estimates , together with poor countries ' additional needs when natural catastrophes strike , imply that the potential legal demand for medicinal opiates is even higher .
I believe the UN should push for an immediate de facto suspension , without waiting for the debates to begin on legal reforms in the respective countries .
Some European Union countries wanted to push for complete abolition of the death penalty right away .
If Italy and the EU had not understood the need to work with non-European countries , and make them feel that they were responsible and fully-fledged protagonists , the efforts to establish the ICC and be so close to declare a universal moratorium on the death penalty would have failed .
In the absence of a strong and credible EU-wide commitment to stop the contagion , other eurozone countries hit by the sovereign-debt crisis have been following a similar script .
We believe instead that a `` Federation Lite , '' with a budget limited to about 5 % of Europe 's GDP -LRB- compared to almost half of GDP in most EU member countries -RRB- , would enable a realistic political union .
It would be well worth it : a critical mass of ¤ 600-700 billion would make macroeconomic stabilization and re-distribution possible when necessary , without the establishment of ad hoc mechanisms or , worse , the publicity and attention surrounding summit after summit called to decide the next package of aid to financially distressed countries .
Despite today 's problems , the eurozone is not only richer , but also economically sounder , than most other countries and regions .
As former members of our countries ' congresses we believe that it is time to create a North American Parliamentary Union -LRB- NAPU -RRB- to address the growing number of big issues that North America 's national governments have pushed to the sidelines .
A fairer , more prosperous future for all three countries demands that we take a bold step forward .
Today the EU elects its Parliament , shares a single currency , and controls a budget that emphasizes raising living standards within the less developed member countries .
Not only are Canada and Mexico the US 's first and second largest trading partners , but the three countries maintain a myriad of relationships -- in business , tourism , and culture -- that do not pass through their embassies or governments .
In just a single decade , the EU managed to bring poorer , peripheral member states -- Greece , Portugal , Spain , and Ireland -- from 50 % to 90 % of the EU average in per capita income , creating a bigger market for companies from wealthier northern countries , and stemming migration from poorer southern economies .
This blinded all three countries to the centrality of community .
NAFTA was conceived under the assumption that expanded trade would trickle down benefits to all in the three countries .
Regretfully , this corporate-driven NAFTA exacerbated the disparities and asymmetries between Mexico and its two richer northern neighbors .
Demand for low-cost Mexican labor by US employers and the 10-1 wage gap between the two countries pushes 350,000 Mexicans to risk their lives every year for better paid jobs north of the border .
NAPU would allow for wider , more consistent participation in the consideration of issues now ignored in all three countries .
In short , are the countries that turned left better off than they were before ?
Although income inequality has not varied substantially in Chávez 's time , Venezuela is one of the six countries in Latin America , along with Chile , Uruguay , Mexico , Costa Rica , and Argentina , with the greatest availability and widest distribution of basic services such as education and housing .
Bolivia , too , has not improved socioeconomically with the left in power : it remains among the worst performers with respect to human development -LRB- ranked 104th out of 174 countries , according to the United Nations Development Program -RRB- .
Social objectives and the deepening of democracy in these countries -- with the probable exception of Chile -- have been sacrificed for higher levels of security .
Europe is still realizing the full potential of these benefits , but struggling with natural cross-border mergers and the failure or replacement of prominent national companies by better competitors from other countries .
With limited labor mobility , and the euro removing the other shock absorber -LRB- exchange-rate adjustments -RRB- , great pressure will fall on those countries with the worst downturns .
Double dips , triple dips , and quadruple dips have been America 's recessionary experience since WWII . And similar episodes have been common in many other countries .
American states and municipalities do face serious medium - and long-term fiscal challenges from underfunded pension and health-care systems , but citizens living in different states have a common national budget , whereas citizens of different eurozone countries face radically different central-government fiscal positions .
The eurozone countries must first deal with the sovereign-debt crisis , reduce their fiscal deficits , and strengthen the woefully undercapitalized banking system .
Successive generations of post-war European political leaders initiated the European Union and then currency union in order to knit countries so closely together that another major war between them would become impossible .
The potential significance of these elections must be understood in the context not only of the recession and financial crisis , and the government interventions designed to deal with them , but also in the broader sweep of the historical evolution of these countries ' welfare states .
· The increase in Canada 's public spending as a share of GDP since 2000 has been the smallest of the four countries ;
The four countries rank exactly in inverse order of their government spending shares -LRB- according to both 2009 and pre-crisis 2007 data -RRB- , with the US highest , followed by Canada , the UK , and France .
Given their large , battered holdings of peripheral eurozone countries ' sovereign debt , many of Europe 's thinly capitalized banks would be insolvent if their assets were marked to market .
Prices of bank shares and the Euribor-OIS spread -LRB- a measure of financial stress -RRB- signal a profound lack of confidence in the sovereign debt of distressed countries , with yields on ten-year Greek bonds recently hitting 25 % .
But letting questionable banks gradually recapitalize themselves and resolving the bad debt later -- perhaps with European Brady Bonds -LRB- zero-coupon bonds which in the 1990 's enabled US banks and Latin American countries to agree to partial write-downs -RRB- -- wo n't work if the losses are too large or the recovery is too fragile .
Countries ' policy responses have ranged from modest to immense .
Obama 's long-run budget calls for much higher spending , higher taxes , and an explosion of debt that will crowd out borrowing in capital markets by private companies , state and local governments , and developing countries .
The immense response by central banks and finance ministries has eased the strain .
For example , French President Nicholas Sarkozy plans to borrow 52 billion euros to promote what his government guesses or hopes will be `` growth industries . ''
But the attempt by Japan 's powerful trade and industry , and finance ministries to micromanage the economy is one reason the Japanese wound up with a burst asset bubble , a lost decade , three recessions , and by far the highest public debt-to-GDP ratio of any advanced economy .
America 's massive $ 787 billion fiscal stimulus , ostensibly designed to combat recession and create jobs -LRB- but so far ineffective -RRB- contained immense sums for subsidies to particular industries and technologies , almost $ 40 billion for clean-energy programs alone .
The Fiscal Crisis Down Below PALO ALTO -- Sub-national governments -- states , countries , cities , provinces , towns , and special districts -- play different roles from country to country , but usually deliver important public services such as police and fire protection , transportation , education , health care , and welfare .
In many countries , their fiscal position has collapsed under the combined weight of mismanagement and the global economic and financial crisis .
Debates about government centralization run deep in the history and constitutions of most countries .
But the problems are not limited to Greece -- or even to the other countries on the eurozone 's periphery .
But to return to the pre-crisis safety zone will require a decade of large primary budget surpluses -LRB- excluding interest payments -RRB- of roughly 4 % of GDP for the US , 3 % for the eurozone -LRB- higher for higher-debt countries -RRB- , and 7 % for Japan .
This is a consistent finding of opinion polls in westernized countries .
But serious political discussions on similar legal changes are taking place in many other countries , including the UK , South Africa and Australia .
Nowadays , when the EU concludes agreements with non-EU countries , it includes all sorts of stiff requirements in areas like human rights , non-proliferation , readmission of migrants , and terrorism .
To countries on the receiving end , these conditions can seem like a subtle form of power politics , with Europe trying to impose its values on the world .
Countries can not expect economic and other benefits from the Union unless they meet its political standards .
The EU sets all kinds of conditions for cooperation with other countries .
But , over the past several years , a number of sub-Saharan countries have attracted unprecedented inflows of foreign capital .
There are three main reasons why many sub-Saharan countries are performing well .
Moreover , a large number of Africa 's poorest countries have benefited from exponential growth in -LRB- primarily United States-based -RRB- philanthropy .
These remittances are vitally important for economic stability in several African countries .
The three countries that served as pillars of regional stability for the past several years -- Nigeria , Kenya , and South Africa -- are now too pre-occupied with political troubles of their own to provide the peacekeepers , reconstruction funds , and political pressure that often limit the damage from conflicts elsewhere in the region .
No countries in sub-Saharan Africa will have the economic heft and political self-confidence to replace Nigeria , Kenya , and South Africa as pillars of stability anytime soon .
Political leaders in dozens of countries are making decisions that will drive the performance of local -LRB- and global -RRB- markets for the foreseeable future .
The bottom line : to find out how , when , and where assets will be allocated and wealth generated in dozens of countries across the developed and developing worlds these days , we must now look toward political , not financial , capitals .
The challenges facing US President Barack Obama as he tries to win support for risky and expensive policy options from quarrelsome Democrats and obstinate Republicans will create some tortured legislative compromises .
And , while British Prime Minister Gordon Brown agrees with Obama that the world 's leading industrialized countries must stimulate their domestic economies as much as they can , Bank of England Governor Mervyn King has warned that Britain may already have taken on too much debt for another round of stimulus .
This includes helping the US to apply pressure on countries like Iran , Sudan , and Myanmar that continue to defy the will of the international community -- and with which those Chinese state-owned companies have established lucrative commercial relationships that serve the Chinese government 's economic and political interests .
The Greek Crisis and Beyond NEW YORK -- As euro-zone leaders face growing uncertainty in financial markets about the public finances of Greece and other member countries , their statements , albeit somewhat vague , underscore a much larger story -- one that will force firms and investors to question their assumptions about Europe 's economic , financial , and political environment .
Finally , remarkable and lasting policy shifts will not be limited to countries in immediate financial trouble .
The two countries have so much in common .
Both countries have relative freedom of speech , at least relative to their Arab neighbors , and a multitude of political parties that are always ready to use it .
Each faces a greater risk of manipulation by outsiders than other countries in the region .
Iraq and Lebanon are also the Arab world 's most ethnically and religiously diverse countries .
In both countries , representatives of each of these groups demand substantial political influence .
At times like these , the two countries ' similarities and differences can point Iraq 's leaders toward a stable democratic future .
Countries across the region have large numbers of young people and too few jobs .
Whatever the potential for a leftward shift this year in some Latin American countries , others , including Mexico , Chile , and Brazil , are clearly less vulnerable to the type of populist rule we 've seen in Venezuela and Bolivia .
Elected leaders in these countries face institutional constraints -- parliaments that check the powers of the executive and courts that check the powers of both -- on their ability to shape policy .
Beyond Latin America , several Eastern European countries offer ready examples . In these states , regulatory and taxation issues now affect confidence more deeply and consistently than does political tension .
Furthermore , the Turkish military can increase the pressure on Iraqi Kurds with far less drastic measures . It can close the two countries ' principal border crossing , an important route for food , fuel , and other goods headed for Iraqi Kurds .
With the threat that the US House of Representatives will approve a resolution that accuses Turks of genocide against ethic Armenians nine decades ago , this is a particularly inopportune moment for the two countries to be at odds over Iraq .
High Tensions In the Low Countries Belgium and the Netherlands , two founding members of the European Union , are increasingly divided about what that project now means .
From the very beginning , these countries have represented the different aspects of Europe 's identity : Belgium , as an industrial country , continentally oriented , bilingual , and an intermediary with southern Europe , and the Netherlands with its strong agricultural and trading tradition and its Anglo-Saxon and Atlantic orientation .
The two countries also found themselves in opposing camps over the war in Iraq , and , of course , in their attitudes about further political integration .
The coming period could thus be used in both countries to review traditional positions and reflect on how European policy can best serve their common needs .
After all , the three largest EU states -- Germany , Britain , and France -- can be expected to seek agreements among themselves about the Union 's future shape , so the Benelux countries ' common goal should be to influence their actions and ensure that their thinking is acceptable to the whole community .
Under the Clean Development Mechanism -LRB- CDM -RRB- of the Kyoto Protocol , industrialized countries -LRB- so-called `` Annex I countries '' -RRB- have the right to purchase certificates of carbon sequestration from reforestation projects undertaken in developing countries and use them to offset up to 1 % of their 1990 greenhouse-gas emissions from industry , transport and housing .
Although this represents a small fraction of the effort needed from industrialized countries to fulfill the Kyoto Protocol 's goals by 2012 , it would help significantly in improving forest and land use in Africa .
The first change would enable Annex I countries to satisfy a greater share of their increasing climate responsibilities using credits from land-use projects implemented in non-Annex I countries . The second change would allow forestry and land-use projects that are eligible to issue carbon credits to include such activities as re-vegetation , forest restoration , and improved agricultural management .
In most countries , such charges would seem like paranoid delusions . Not in Ukraine , where the current prime minister , and Mr Yushchenko 's leading rival for president , Viktor Yanukovich , has been twice convicted for violent crimes .
While Palestinians travel the world soliciting votes , Israeli officials are engaged in last-minute efforts to dissuade countries from supporting what they perceive as Palestinian unilateralism .
While the United States has declared its intention to veto a declaration in the Security Council , several European countries , including the United Kingdom and France , intend to back the Palestinian move should negotiations with Israel remain elusive .
Of course , there are serious budgetary problems . Paying bills is difficult , not only because Israel is slow in transferring customs revenues , but also because promised aid from Arab countries often never arrives .
Worse , given the splintering of rebel forces in the South , where an estimated 80 tribes and clans control their own militias , a military response could generate a power vacuum in Sudan and destabilize the nine countries -- many of them fragile or failed states -- on its borders .
· To preserve the best possible relations with the United States , Europe , and other countries , as long as this does not involve risks to Israel 's national interests or its citizens ;
But it requires us to put in place a new climate change agreement now -- one that all countries can accept .
In Poznan , developed and developing nations must find a shared vision of how this will work , striking a deal whereby rich countries lead by example in cutting emissions while providing the developing world with resources and know-how to ramp up their own climate change efforts .
But the route to a greener , lower-carbon future already is being forged in countries from Brazil to Bangladesh , Denmark to Indonesia .
From investments in renewable energy and flex-fuel vehicles to reforestation , countries everywhere are realizing that green is not an option , but a necessity for recharging their economies and creating millions of jobs .
For example , with the right investments , tropical countries could significantly reduce emissions from the forestry sector while also creating green jobs .
We hope that the new stimulus package helps to move China toward greener development , and that countries follow suit .
The economic consequences of the crisis have left a number of developed countries in a severe slump and scrambling to bring about a healthy recovery .
By contrast , the emerging-market countries , after a short slide , have managed to re-ignite their growth engines and are sailing full-speed ahead , racking up impressive growth rates .
As the chaos at the climate-change conference in Copenhagen last December amply demonstrated , both the number of members around the table and the differences between them -- even within the group of emerging countries -- do not bode well for the future .
Sometimes the regime tries to cover up the killings .
An earlier meeting of the group was chaired by Obama on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly session in New York last year . It was attended by then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown of Britain , the heads of the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund , and government ministers from several countries .
A few days before that , President Asif Ali Zardari paid his fifth visit to Beijing since taking office in August 2008 -- this one a state visit -- and received pledges of support for developing nuclear power and constructing a railway line over the Karakoram mountain range , linking the two countries .
That came to a sudden stop in 1949 , as a result of the first of many trade wars that the two countries have fought .
Indeed , given competition from low-wage economies such as Bangladesh and Cambodia , Pakistan should abandon its focus on textiles altogether and expend much greater effort to develop its knowledge-based industries .
ISLAMABAD -- The leaders of the member countries of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation met last week in the Maldives for their 17th annual summit .
Improvement in the India-Pakistan relationship -- the main obstacle to greater economic cooperation in South Asia -- has come whenever the two countries ' governments have agreed to work together to achieve a common good .
SAFTA was launched in July 2006 , but it did little to increase trade between India and Pakistan , which has barely developed since 1947 , when the two countries fought the first of many trade -- as well as real -- wars against each other .
Since that meeting , the two countries ' prime ministers have met four times , always on the sidelines of international gatherings . Their foreign ministers have met three times , and their commerce ministers once .
Under the rules of the World Trade Organization , MFN status should have been given after both countries became members .
That , of course , did not happen , and Pakistan has at last changed its mind . What that implies is that trade with India will be conducted according to the same set of regulations and tariffs that govern other countries ' trade with Pakistan .
The summit started with a one-on-one meeting between the two countries ' prime ministers . After an hour together , they emerged to tell the press that no new steps aimed at improving relations had been agreed upon .
Gilani did , however , say that they had `` discussed all core issues , including Kashmir , '' and that they `` hope the next round will be more constructive , more positive , and will open up a new chapter in the history of both countries . ''
While a functioning democratic system and a vibrant media may have provided outlets for people to vent their frustration with the state of the economy and the quality of governance , the political elite now recognizes that many ingredients in the Pakistani situation were present in those Middle Eastern countries where street politics have reached the boiling point .
This time , the initiative came from Singh , who invited his Pakistani counterpart , Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani , to visit Mohali , near New Delhi , to watch the two countries play the semi-final in the Cricket World Cup .
On the political side , however , the two countries were not evenly matched .
Gilani expressed the same sentiment : `` We need to focus on dealing with our common enemies -- inflation , poverty , hunger , disease , and unemployment -- for the prosperity of the two countries . ''
Senior officials from the ministries of commerce , defense , and foreign affairs will meet in the next two months followed by a meeting of the foreign ministers .
But , for both countries , hope dies last .
How will Bin Laden 's death affect terrorist groups operating not only in Pakistan , but also in other Muslim countries around the world ?
So far , that friend has been America , but the US could well pull out of Pakistan for the fourth time in the countries ' turbulent relationship -- a threat that several influential figures in the US Congress have already made .
And the Malaysian opposition leader Lim Kit Siang has said that Asian countries ' inaction `` reflects dismally on all ASEAN leaders and governments .
In many Asian countries , favors invariably create obligations , which is perhaps why people are sometimes disinclined to interfere in the problems of others .
Asians , according to this theory , have their own values , which include thrift , deference to authority , the sacrifice of individual to collective interests , and the belief that countries should not stick their noses into others ' affairs . Hence , the hesitant response of Southeast Asian governments -- and public opinion -- to the Burmese disaster .
Football Nationalism AMSTERDAM &#45; &#45; The late Arthur Koestler , born in Budapest , resident of many countries , and writer in several languages , once said that there is nationalism , and there is football nationalism .
The tribal feelings of Germans were considered , for obvious reasons , to be particularly toxic after Hitler 's Reich , which is why German flag-waving , until recently , was exercised with a slight air of shame-faced restraint that was entirely absent in surrounding countries .
The choice is stark : if Europeans are prepared to fight for Georgia or Ukraine , these countries should be invited to join NATO .
But , instead of choosing , major European countries , such as Germany , have dithered , first dangling NATO membership as a juicy carrot , and then withdrawing the offer , leaving the Americans to indulge in heroic rhetoric without the necessary follow-through .
That 29 % is about 15 % more than populist right-wing parties get in very good years -LRB- for them -RRB- in other European countries .
Voters for the far right may be motivated less by ideology than by anxieties and resentments that are felt in many European countries , including ones with no Nazi tradition , such as The Netherlands and Denmark .
The biggest resentment among right-wing voters in European countries is reserved for political elites , who , in the opinion of many , have been governing for too long in cozy coalitions , which appear to exist chiefly to protect vested interests .
When the offspring of manual workers imported from countries such as Turkey and Morocco in the 1960 's began to form large Muslim minorities in European cities , tensions rose in working-class neighborhoods .
When large numbers of people from non-Western countries started to come to Europe after the 1960 's , this proved to be something of an illusion .
The main problem with this idea was that people from Turkey , Morocco , and the Arab countries , some deeply religious and some quite secular , and all with perceptible animosities towards each other , would never have agreed on what should constitute such a pillar .
And a recent article in a leading Filipino business magazine explained how Jews had always controlled the countries they lived in , including the United States today .
Many democratic countries also have laws against inciting violence or hatred .
Some countries , including the Netherlands , even have laws against deliberately insulting people on the grounds of their race or religion .
But civilized life , especially in countries with great ethnic and religious diversity , would soon break down if everyone felt free to say anything they liked to anyone .
It shows clearly that the desire for political choice is not confined to a few fortunate countries , mostly in the Western world .
Embracing the Empire Bernard Kouchner , France 's new foreign minister , has a long and distinguished record as an advocate of intervention in countries where human rights are abused .
This explains why Italians , and later Thais , chose business tycoons to lead their countries .
Referendums on this issue in other European countries might well produce startlingly similar results .
More and more people in democratic countries feel unrepresented , anxious , and angry .
Tensions between the two countries were already high . But then fans of the Honduras team were set upon , and even worse , the Honduran national anthem was insulted , and the country 's white and blue flag defiled .
In some countries , football is the only thing that knits together disparate people , Shia and Sunnis in Iraq , or Muslims and Christians in Sudan .
Was Bush right to boast of America 's role in giving these countries their freedom ?
For one thing , China has become a great power , and Japan , like other Asian countries , must adapt to new circumstances .
Other Asian countries might even be drawn closer to Japan , the only alternative to the US as a counterbalance to the Middle Kingdom .
For the first time in almost 200 years , China can really throw its weight around , and it will do what it wants , regardless of what other countries may think .
People have migrated to other countries for thousands of years -- to escape , prosper , be free , or just to start again .
Many people have migrated to Western European countries from North Africa and Turkey during the last half-century , not because of Western generosity , but because they were required for jobs that natives no longer wanted .
The failure of integration of non-Western immigrants in such countries as France , Germany , or The Netherlands is often exaggerated by hysterical alarmists ; Europe , after all , is not about to be `` Islamized . ''
But the fact that some young people of African , South Asian , or Middle Eastern descent feel so alienated in the European countries of their birth that they are happy to murder their fellow citizens in the name of a revolutionary religious ideology , means that something is amiss .
Politics in many Muslim countries is partly to blame .
National policies have something to do with this , but so do the deeply flawed immigration policies in all European Union countries .
Immigrants -- not `` guest workers '' -- who come for work are more likely to want to integrate to some degree , and to be treated as fellow citizens , than people who come with the baggage of empire , or simply as refugees , or , worse , people pretending to be refugees because they have no other way to gain access to wealthy countries ' job markets .
When European politicians claim that France , Britain , or The Netherlands are not traditional `` immigrant countries '' like the US , they are right only up to a point , as the examples of Spinoza , Disraeli , and Sarkozy show .
What is true is that large numbers of de facto immigrants have accumulated in many countries in a very short time , in a haphazard way that makes it seem as though no government was ever in control .
Keen to revive a more militant form of nationalism in their own countries , politicians like Strache , Wilders , and Dewinter see Israel as a kind of model -- a model discredited for a long time in Europe , owing to bad memories of fascism and Nazism .
In Arab countries , they only helped to inflame Islamic extremism .
Building institutions that guarantee not only political liberties , but also the protection of minorities , as well as other liberal conditions , is difficult enough in countries where such institutions had once existed , as in post-communist Central Europe .
It will be harder in countries where they did not , or where the economy remains largely in the hands of the armed forces .
Just as the Buddhists risked their lives to stand up for democracy in Burma , Christians have done so in other countries .
Because of the trauma of Hitler 's intention to murder all of the Jews , genocide has become the one compelling reason for military action , including armed invasion of other countries .
Now that the Turkish economy is thriving , there will be less reason for poor Turks to seek work in other countries , let alone `` swamp '' them .
Turkey is in a good position to guide other Muslim countries in a more liberal-democratic direction .
But , while there was nothing intrinsically wrong with discussing the social consequences of large-scale immigration from Muslim countries , some populists in Holland , Denmark , France , Germany , Belgium , Britain , and other countries , went much further .
But even in the more liberal West -- let alone in countries with less liberal traditions , such as Japan -- culture comes to the rescue of the powerful more often than it protects the weak .
It would no doubt be better , especially for women , if the citizens of countries like Afghanistan were equal before the law .
As for women in Muslim countries , there may not be much that people in the West can do to improve their lot .
Lucky Little Countries ?
Lucky Little Countries ?
Freer and richer than almost anywhere else in the world , countries such as Holland , Belgium , and Switzerland would seem to have little to worry about .
Such fears are by no means confined to Europe 's small countries .
But anxieties about being swamped by foreigners and dominated by outside powers are more acute in smaller countries , whose political elites seem particularly impotent .
It is hard to imagine many countries where a young African woman could become a famous member of parliament only ten years after seeking asylum .
Many countries enact legislation to stop people from inciting others to commit violent acts , though some go further .
For example , Nazi ideology and symbols are banned in Germany and Austria , and Holocaust denial is a crime in 13 countries , including France , Poland , and Belgium .
Most developed countries have a growing number and proportion of elderly .
European countries are under severe cost pressures as well , undermining their cherished ideal of equitable access .
Long-term affordability and equitable access requires a finite vision of medicine and health care , one that does not try to overcome aging , death , and disease , but tries to help everyone avoid a premature death and to live decent , even if not perfect , lives .
The international community branded each of these countries a pariah , and various international organizations , such as the Economic Community of West African States , the African Union , and the Southern African Development Community , have responded by suspending membership and occasionally imposing sanctions .
Africa 's recent coups have taken place in small countries .
Nevertheless , successful coups may encourage the military to move in other , larger countries .
WASHINGTON , DC -- While the rich world puts its post-crisis house in order , developing countries as a whole are becoming the new engine of global growth .
While deleveraging is ongoing in advanced economies , many developing countries will be able to explore untapped investment opportunities -- infrastructure bottlenecks being a glaring example .
Furthermore , decreased transportation costs and the breakup of vertical production chains in many sectors are facilitating poorer countries ' integration into the global economy .
Third , a flipside of the emergence of new middle classes in many emerging markets is that domestic absorption -LRB- consumption and investment -RRB- in developing countries as a whole may rise relative to their own production potential .
Provided that South-South trade linkages are reinforced , one might see a new round of successful export-led growth in smaller countries .
Finally , resource-intensive developing countries may benefit from strong projected relative demand for commodities in the medium term .
As long as appropriate governance and revenue-administration mechanisms are put in place -- particularly to avoid rent-seeking behavior -- natural-resource availability may turn out to be a blessing rather than a curse for these countries .
Most developing countries were already moving along these four tracks before the global financial crisis , owing largely to improvements in their economic policies during the previous decade .
Given that these policies enabled these countries to respond well to shocks coming from the crisis epicenter , there are strong incentives to keep them in place .
Indeed , because the creation of new assets in developing countries will be slower than the increase in demand for them , the price of existing assets in those markets -- equities , bonds , real estate , human capital -- are likely to overshoot their long-term equilibrium value .
So what should developing countries do , aside from maintaining sound macroeconomic policies , curbing excessive domestic financial leverage , and attempting to isolate themselves from volatile capital inflows ?
The most important task is to facilitate and strengthen the creation of new assets , and there is much that developing countries can do in this regard .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Not long ago , the separation of financial supervision and monetary policy was in vogue in many countries .
Some countries -- like the United Kingdom and Australia -- went so far as to unbundle these functions by assigning responsibility for financial stability to specialized agencies and extricating their central banks from financial supervisory issues altogether .
Fragile health-care infrastructure and community support are being strained by the eradication effort , as government budgets and resources in poor countries are diverted from more pressing local problems .
Indeed , Bolivia , one of Latin America 's poorest countries , has become increasingly polarized .
The `` Colombia Problem , '' indeed , now threatens to destabilize the neighboring countries of Panama , Venezuela , Brazil , Peru and Ecuador .
High on this list is the failure to improve maternal health in the poorest countries .
There has been much discussion about rich countries ' commitments to increase funds , and whether governments in the developing world have used resources effectively .
In poor countries , babies born to mothers under 18 are 60 % more likely to die in their first year than those born to older women .
In many poor countries and communities , marrying off a daughter relieves a family of an extra mouth to feed .
The overwhelming majority of countries already outlaw child marriage through domestic legislation or are signatories to international treaties that prohibit it .
Similar contradictions are evident in many countries .
Georgia has taken the path that lambs -LRB- small countries -RRB- normally choose when facing wolves -LRB- major powers -RRB- , brandishing law as a weapon .
As in other Latin or Mediterranean countries with a strong Catholic tradition , Italian society long ago learned to accept serenely a life of duplicity : on the one hand , a strong attachment to church and family values , and on the other a second life -- often lived in plain sight -- composed of mistresses and other `` dubious '' connections .
Exponents of the Northern League , such as MEP Mario Borghezio , MP Roberto Cota , and Senator Federico Bricolo , are well known for their xenophobic statements in Parliament , particularly against those from non-EU countries .
He visited Mexico before any other country , renewed Temporary Protection Status for Central American immigrants , maintained President Bill Clinton 's waiver of certain trade restrictions on countries and companies doing business with Cuba , and gave new impetus to the negotiations to create a Free Trade Area of the Americas .
Mexico today is victim of a gaping ideological divide that most other countries in Latin America have put behind them .
Viewed from afar , such campaign themes might not have been a bad thing : after all , countries need these types of discussion every now and then .
Granted , President George W. Bush was well received by all his hosts in the five countries he visited , with traditional Latin American hospitality and cordiality .
Where Bush fared best , perhaps , was in Mérida , Mexico , where Felipe Calderón not only received him as the gracious host Mexican presidents always are -- though he rightly slammed his guest on the fence the US is building here and there along the two countries ' border &#45; &#45; but got in return what he needed , and wanted most .
In fact , history will judge him , and his nearly 50 years in power , only when the results are in : when the initial achievements in health and education and combating inequality are evaluated according to international standards and with the transparency to which the rest of the region 's countries are subject .
In many of these cases , they were right : without recourse to guns and bullets , nothing in their countries would ever have changed .
In countries where trade and investment is concentrated in ties with the US , this is a central issue in the bilateral relationship .
The US must help these countries build up their infrastructure , educational and legal systems , competitiveness , and transparency .
Why should it care whether Latin American countries closely linked to it by trade , investment , tourism , and retirees do better or worse , grow or stagnate , become more competitive or lose ground globally ?
First , and perhaps least self-evident , is energy . Countries like Mexico , Venezuela , and Colombia supply up to 40 % of US oil imports , and could easily replace unstable suppliers in the Middle East .
Cooperation on security matters is desirable for America , and indispensable for the countries of the region .
The issue is all the more painful and disappointing since most Latin American foreign ministries know full well that these attitudes are pure politics , nothing more .
The rise of these types of prosecutions has in turn motivated countries , including Argentina and Chile , to repeal their amnesty laws so that suspected war criminals can be prosecuted at home .
These are large countries with huge economies , where conspiring and doling out small perks and favors is not very effective .
The so-called ALBA countries -LRB- the Spanish acronym for the so-called Bolivarian Alternative for the Americas -RRB- , which includes Cuba , Venezuela , Honduras , Nicaragua , Bolivia , Dominica , and Ecuador , were able partly to outwit -- and partly to `` out-blackmail '' -- Canada , the United States , and the Latin American democracies in getting Cuba rehabilitated .
Two fundamental considerations come to mind , and their ramifications in `` up-for-grab '' countries in Latin America , such as El Salvador , are particularly significant .
The first consideration involves the ALBA countries ' conduct of foreign policy .
Given that the smaller countries do not act independently of Venezuela , and that Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez does not act without Cuba 's guidance on weighty matters such as these , it is now clear that the Cubans and their allies will cut US President Barack Obama no slack on Latin American issues .
The ALBA countries decided they would concede nothing to Obama , and attempt , instead , to back him into a corner : either the US would go along with the new OAS consensus , angering both parts of the Cuban-American lobby and the human rights community by abandoning principles and commitments , or the US would have to act alone -LRB- perhaps with Canada by its side -RRB- , leaving it totally isolated in Latin America -- the last thing Obama wants .
They will not do so any time soon , on any issue that may spring up , if it means confrontation with the ALBA countries .
Making matters worse , the region also witnessed a superficially silly but actually dangerous attempt by the ALBA countries -- Cuba , Venezuela , Nicaragua , Ecuador , Bolivia , and Paraguay -- to create , with the acquiescence of Mexico , Brazil , and Argentina , a regional organization excluding the United States and Canada .
The OAS can involve itself in domestic electoral , political , or human rights issues only if a majority of its members mandates it to do so , and countries like Mexico and Brazil are fearful of picking fights with Venezuela .
Given all of this , as well as Chávez 's penchant for spectacular antics and the Cubans ' skill in taking the diplomatic offensive , the ALBA countries may be preparing some major Latin American mischief .
But the problem is that the OAS will be holding its annual assembly in June this year in Peru , and several countries - -- Canada , Costa Rica , the US , Colombia , Panama , Peru itself , and probably Chile -- will push to have Honduras re-admitted .
The so-called `` Americas-1 '' countries -- those that are either neutral in the confrontation between the United States and Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez -LRB- and Cuba -RRB- , or openly opposed to the so-called `` Bolivarian '' governments of Bolivia , Cuba , Ecuador , Nicaragua , and Venezuela -- are slowly advancing .
But the relative quiet in the ongoing ideological , political , and diplomatic conflict between the two groups of countries is only temporary .
As recently as June 7 , the Bolivarian countries were able to block Honduras ' re-instatement into the OAS , despite the essentially free and fair elections that were held there last November .
Unfortunately , the only two countries that could play a role in reforming the inter-American system and defusing the growing tensions between Colombia and Venezuela will , for different reasons , remain passive .
Lula 's attempt , together with Turkey , to broker a deal between Iran and the West failed when the US convinced Russia and China , along with countries such as Mexico , to approve a new round of UN sanctions against Iran .
For these countries , including Mexico , stable , close , and productive relations with America are essential .
MEXICO CITY -- When the United Nations voted for what was known as partition and created the State of Israel 64 years ago , subsequently granting it full membership , several Latin American countries -- Brazil , El Salvador , Argentina , Colombia , Chile , Honduras -- abstained , or , in the case of Cuba , voted against the relevant resolutions .
In the coming weeks , most Latin American countries will vote in favor of some form of UN membership or recognition of statehood that the Palestinian Authority is seeking . But some will not .
Most other Latin American countries would probably vote in favor of some sort of enhanced status for the Palestinian Authority .
Now , as then , most Latin American countries have not taken a principled stand -- either for or against Israel , or for or against the Palestinians .
Latin Americans ' lack of conviction on such grave matters -- with the exception of the ALBA countries , which have the wrong convictions , but nonetheless believe in them almost religiously -- has marginalized the region on other important international issues , such as the recent crisis in Libya , and the ongoing one in Syria .
Given their growing role in the global economy , it is understandable that larger Latin American countries , along with the other BRICS , are seeking a more influential world role .
The paradox of Brazil 's current corruption scandal , and of the widespread corruption of the Mexican left in Mexico City , is that the advent of democracy , which has unveiled , documented , and focused attention on corruption , is largely a product of the left 's struggle over the past two decades in both countries .
Some countries that have the greatest reservoirs of viruses with `` jump potential '' are ill equipped politically , socially , and institutionally for the world to have confidence in them .
Of course , the process of accession depends on the readiness of the adhering countries , but it should not be halted or slowed down .
Equally important was the fact that all the countries concerned expressed an ambition to move closer to the EU .
The Eastern Partnership -- originating from a Polish\/Swedish initiative -- offers to the six countries a substantial upgrading and deepening of relations with the EU in key areas .
In trade and economic relations , it clearly sets out the objective of establishing deep and comprehensive free-trade areas between the EU and the partner countries .
However , it comes at a time when the Union 's eastern neighborhood faces severe challenges , with the financial and economic crisis hitting many of the partner countries hard .
Partner countries that are less integrated into the global market , such as Moldova , have seen the crisis arrive more slowly , but the real effect might be equally as bad , and they are likely to recover more slowly .
But it can provide a political framework and institution-building support to improve the deficiencies that made these countries so vulnerable to the crisis : imperfect market economies , weak state institutions , and continued corruption .
The other type of crisis that most of the partner countries are enduring is political .
In most of these countries , democratic development has not yet reached a point where a change in government is a routine part of political life and can take place without risking the country 's stability .
We hope to see the start of parliamentary cooperation , as well as exchanges between local and regional authorities of the thirty-three EU and partner countries .
The Eastern Partnership is about EU integration , about the six countries moving closer to the EU 's values , legislation , and ways of working , and about the EU being there to support and help this convergence .
It remains a shame that only two of the EU 's 27 countries have met the target of spending 2 % of GDP on research and development .
A sustainable globalization process is not only a paramount interest for Europe itself , but also the only way that we can continue to lift billions of people out of poverty and create better foundations for the rule of the law and global governance in countries still lacking in these respects .
Similar numbers , in proportion to population sizes , are found in other developed countries .
But Ortega is creating a state of emergency in his party as he tries to diminish the threat posed by Herty Lewites , the former mayor of Managua and the country 's most popular politician .
Yet Ahmedinejad , referring to Europe 's response to the Holocaust , asks her to imagine `` what standing some European countries could have had and what global role they could have played , if it had not been for this 60-year-old imposition . ''
India Dissents from Obamamania NEW DELHI -- India is among the few dozen countries , largely clustered in Asia and Africa , where sentiment in favor of the United States actually rose during the administration of George W. Bush .
It was clear from the entries that Castro was failing to control his island 's imagination .
More recently , in discussing the Bank 's 2004 report Making Services Work for Poor People , officials put Cuba among countries like Sri Lanka , Costa Rica , and China that `` managed to achieve a level of outcomes in health and education that are extremely favorable . ''
Because Latin American countries enjoy the billions of dollars that their countrymen in the United States send home , they should take note of how many of their benefactors are being treated by American officials .
Despite their numbers -- the Urban Institute estimates that more than nine million undocumented immigrants live in the US , a number that exceeds the entire populations of countries like Costa Rica and Nicaragua -- the undocumented worker has long been North America 's favorite punching bag .
So the countries that benefit from this largesse have a responsibility to speak up for the constituents who help keep their economies afloat .
It is time for Latin America 's leaders to stand up for citizens who mean so much for their countries ' economies .
Latin America : Forgotten in the US Vote Berkeley &#45; &#45; As voters in the United States handicap the presidential race , Latin Americans can watch and imagine what a President Hillary Clinton , Barack Obama or John McCain might do for their countries .
For now , the biggest Latin American issue for North Americans is the estimated 12 million undocumented immigrants in the U.S. -- most of whom speak Spanish . Say what you want about free trade , but in many countries , humans have replaced sugar , bananas and coffee as the number one export .
A number of Asian countries have already started building mutually beneficial security cooperation on a bilateral basis , thereby laying the groundwork for a potential web of interlocking strategic partnerships .
China 's lengthening shadow has prompted a number of Asian countries to start building security cooperation on a bilateral basis , thereby laying the groundwork for a potential web of interlocking strategic partnerships .
The US is now courting Vietnam as well , and the two countries are even negotiating a civilian nuclear deal .
Because reactors located inland put serious strain on local freshwater resources -- including greater damage to plant life and fish -- water-stressed countries that are not landlocked try to find suitable seashore sites .
Indeed , during the 2003 heat wave , Électricité de France , which operates 58 reactors -- the majority on ecologically sensitive rivers like the Loire -- was compelled to buy power from neighboring countries on the European spot market . The state-owned EDF , which normally exports power , ended up paying 10 times the price of domestic power , incurring a financial cost of ¤ 300 million .
Freshwater scarcity is a growing international challenge , and the vast majority of countries are in no position to approve of such highly water-intensive inland-based energy systems .
The rise of authoritarian capitalism -- best symbolized by China , but also embraced by countries as disparate as Malaysia , Singapore , Kazakhstan , and Qatar -- has created a new model that competes with -LRB- and challenges -RRB- liberal democracy .
External factors are especially important in smaller , weaker countries .
This makes China the source of cross-border water flows to the largest number of countries in the world .
Yet China rejects the very notion of water sharing or institutionalized cooperation with downriver countries .
The lower-Mekong countries , for example , view China 's strategy as an attempt to `` divide and conquer . ''
These are not agreements to cooperate on shared resources , but rather commercial accords to sell hydrological data that other upstream countries provide free to downriver states .
Between 1988 and 1990 , as the Cold War was winding down , pro-democracy protests erupted far from Eastern Europe , overturning dictatorships in countries as different as Indonesia , South Korea , Taiwan , and Chile .
Yet , the recent Australia-India security agreement , signed during Prime Minister Kevin Rudd 's visit to New Delhi , symbolizes the role of common political values in helping to forge an expanding strategic constellation of Asian-Pacific countries .
China 's Cyber-Warriors NEW DELHI -- The world now accepts that protecting our atmosphere , hydrosphere , lithosphere , and biosphere -- the `` global commons '' -- is the responsibility of all countries .
Naming China among a handful of countries that have stepped up Internet censorship , Clinton warned that `` a new information curtain is descending across much of the world . ''
Just as some Chinese pharmaceutical firms exported to Africa spurious medicines with `` Made in India '' labels -- a fact admitted by the Chinese government -- some Chinese hackers are known to have routed their cyber intrusion through computers in Russia , Iran , Cuba , and other countries .
As a result , new strains are appearing in China 's relationship with the West , and were in full view at last year 's Copenhagen climate-change summit , where China -- the world 's largest polluter with the fastest-growing carbon emissions -- cleverly deflected pressure by hiding behind developing countries .
Until the Chinese government 's treatment of its own citizens and those of other countries is guided by respect for basic human rights and the rule of law , China is unlikely to command the respect that it seeks on the world stage .
Taiwan is also the driving force in China 's high-tech industries .
Frustrated by a lack of recognition , popular disgust in Taiwan with terms like `` China '' and `` Chinese '' is rising . So is support for distinct countries on each side of the Taiwan Strait .
Polar bears , which pile on fat to survive hibernation and yet do not become diabetic , may also hold clues for treating Type II diabetes , a disease associated with obesity that afflicts more than 190 million people worldwide , reaching epidemic proportions in many countries .
This peaking capacity is built around hydroelectric systems in some countries , but usually it is based on burning fossil fuels such as gas , diesel , or fuel oils .
In some countries , nuclear power has been seen as an answer , but deposits of high-grade nuclear fuel worldwide appear to be limited , and the long-term costs of waste storage and plant decommissioning are high .
This `` conventional '' geothermal energy has been used to generate reliable base-load electricity for more than 100 years , and is now used in many countries including Italy , Iceland , Japan , New Zealand , and the western United States .
The International Labor Organization -LRB- ILO -RRB- estimates that 90 million children between eight and fifteen years old work in the labor forces of developing countries ; worldwide the figure is higher .
Though many countries have enacted laws forbidding the use -- and abuse -- of children in the work force , optimism about the conditions faced by working children is unwarranted .
The agricultural sector -- the largest employer of children in both developing and industrialized countries -- is particularly difficult to oversee .
Several more countries have laws that set the minimum work age between 12 and 16 , but the ILO cautions that few countries `` have what could be considered a comprehensive prohibition of dangerous work for young children , '' and that even fewer have `` measures to protect young persons from moral degradation . ''
A recent study by UNESCO shows that in developing countries up to 60 % of children do not complete primary school .
Undoubtedly , at the forthcoming summit between the leaders of the two countries , India 's Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee will not miss any opportunity to ask the same question of his Pakistani counterpart .
This seems especially true when a government tries to enact radical economic or political reforms .
Most European countries , and the European Union as a whole , however , have not matched this commitment by offering their own incentives for peace and consequences for war .
Of those who enter primary school in developing countries , more than one in four drops out before attaining literacy .
Many poor countries are wildly off track when it comes to meeting this goal .
The World Bank , UNICEF , and UNESCO have estimated that achieving UPE by 2015 will entail annual expenditures of between $ 6.5 billion and $ 35 billion , on top of the approximately $ 82 billion that developing countries spend each year on primary education .
Developing countries spend approximately $ 93 billion per year on secondary education .
None of these tasks is possible without supplementing the funding already provided by developing countries .
While such ideas are not for everyone , certain Continental countries secretly prefer Britain 's disjointed scenarios , with some heads of governments even considering their countries ' commitments reversible .
The presence of insurgent or terrorist sanctuaries in non-belligerent countries is one of the most intractable , explosive issues in international relations .
Like the PLO presence in Lebanon until 1982 , this strategy plunged hapless host countries into civil war and provoked invasions by stronger powers , in turn spurring more extremist movements -- the Khmer Rouge , Hezbollah , and Islamic Jihad .
Like previous host countries , the Philippines is a weak state , at peace with its neighbors and the West .
In return for MILF cooperation , the US , Australia , and other interested countries must pick up political slack and build the government 's capacity to deliver a sustainable peace agreement for Mindanao .
Sir Henry Wootton , Queen Elizabeth 's Ambassador to Venice and Bohemia , described his profession as being made up of honest gentlemen sent abroad to lie for their countries .
Many of us , despite our great respect for the US , react against phrases like `` Axis of Evil '' not because the countries listed do not present serious challenges , but because of the difficulties that follow from mixing foreign policy and morality .
Sometimes countries adopt policies that threaten their survival , conscious that they are doing so .
Many countries claim that their law is based on divine authority , say , the Koran , returning us to the bleak potential for unlimited conflicts over values .
In countries where order may break down at any moment , it may not be better -- as it is in stable , well ordered countries -- to let ten guilty men go free rather than punish one innocent man wrongly .
Although Romania is just a few hundred miles away from the EU countries , it is a few centuries away in terms of agriculture .
To the extent that it is used to prop up declining industries , the stimulus could even prove harmful by delaying necessary adjustments .
Opiates flow freely across borders into Iran , Pakistan , and other Central Asian countries .
It is a bitter irony that the countries whose soldiers ' lives are on the line in Afghanistan are also the biggest markets for Afghan heroin .
Forced eradication risks pushing farmers into the hands of extremists , and thus will not lead to the sustainable reduction of opium fields . Indeed , as we have seen in some Andean countries , it can be counter-productive .
Criminal justice must be made a centerpiece of security and development . Such an approach has vaulted Cape Verde off the bottom of development indices into the respectable ranks of middle-income countries within a decade .
Improved security at ports in Ghana and Senegal is putting a dent in illicit trade passing through those countries .
Countries like Guinea Bissau need help , fast . While the amount of investment needed is minimal , failure to act will be very costly .
Consider computer operating systems , business accounting software , databases , Internet search engines , silicone chips , broadband services , cable , and cellular telephony . All are examples of fast-moving industries in which competition is fierce and great wealth is created .
Industries and firms , like people , have their own life cycles , and the pace of change in high-tech industries is unprecedented .
People in those countries had the sense that they could understand their neighbors and fellow citizens , and that they shared a close link with them .
Today the great task is to calm the fears that our traditions are being undermined ; to reach out to people who are coming into our lands from other countries ; and to find a way of recreating our political ethic around the kernel of human rights , equality , non-discrimination , and democracy .
But increasing individualism -- a focus on one 's own ambitions and economic prosperity -- in many countries poses a stubborn obstacle to realizing this vision .
In the first scenario , the two countries ' senior delegations remain deadlocked , with their polarized stances frozen in place .
Moreover , the failure of developed countries -- particularly , the US -- to take responsibility for their historical emissions of greenhouse gases continues , representing a major sticking point because these emissions far surpass those of the developing world .
Both countries express a determination to find collaborative ways to restructure their energy mixes with new , low-carbon energy technologies .
The nature of these two countries ' bilateral engagement will dictate how the low-carbon economic `` pie '' will get carved up , and thus how fast the global economy as a whole can be transformed .
Like many developing countries , China was more or less dragged along in that process .
The biggest milestone came in December 2007 , when it , along with other developing countries , signed the Bali Roadmap , agreeing to work together on a new global deal by 2009 in Copenhagen .
If the US is serious about reaching a constructive outcome in Copenhagen , it must set radical and practical targets , take responsibility for its historic carbon emissions , and commit itself to support developing countries ' efforts by means of capacity building , technology transfer , and finance .
The gap between rich and poor is about the same in both countries , and there are tens of thousands of class-based `` illegal disturbances '' in China every year .
Ethiopia 's New Climate of Fear Vienna -- The European Union , the United States , and other major donors will pump about $ 2.5 billion into Ethiopia this year , a sum that does not even begin to include the cost of medicines , famine relief , and countless other services provided by non-profit groups in one of the world 's most impoverished countries .
Some journalists and politicians sought asylum in other countries .
These enlightened values form the basis of the constitution of liberty and link the countries of North America , Europe , and some other parts of the world .
If a gap opens up between these countries insofar as the interpretation of Western values is concerned , this is bad news .
This is why -- even at this late moment -- more must be done to make the case for war to the public in those countries that are prepared to fight for freedom .
The occupation of Germany -- and of Japan -- after WWII followed intense fighting for many years , coming at a point when the vanquished countries viewed their defeat as irreversible .
Post-1945 Germany and post-1989 Poland are examples of countries that moved forward without much attention to the past .
There is a natural tendency-especially in Anglo-Saxon countries-to regard elections as the most effective institutional remedy for countries emerging from ideological dictatorships .
In East European countries , this was a major problem , and it is only through accession negotiations with the European Union that such administrative reform has been assured .
The law has a different place in different cultures , and it presents special problems in Islamic countries .
The process of establishing the rule of law has been difficult and has remained incomplete in most post-dictatorial countries ; yet it will be a key to successful recovery in Iraq as well .
Turnout is declining in many countries ; in the case of elections to the European Parliament , the level of voter participation is so risibly low as to call into question the legitimacy of the result .
In most countries , this is clearly very different from what elections looked like twenty , let alone fifty , years ago .
Electoral democracy operates in most countries through the intermediary of organizations which put up candidates representing specific bundles of policy options , a `` manifesto '' or a `` platform . ''
Yet when a politician is caught in a lie , the consequences are often dire , at least in democratic countries .
This is relevant for the current debate about reforms in many democratic countries .
One is the establishment of democracy and the rule of law in countries that have recently emerged from dictatorship .
The accession countries of East Central Europe all fulfilled the criteria ; Turkey is now following their example .
Elsewhere , even in the most civilised countries , the same process may not be as visible but is equally prevalent .
Two recent examples stand out . One is found in the postcommunist countries of East and Southeast Europe , a surprising number of which have elected members of the old nomenklatura under a new guise .
Lucky are those countries that have both , and that nurture and protect them !
They believed that a new age of social democracy had dawned , and for a while they sought to prove their point : Bill Clinton , Tony Blair , Gerhard Schroeder , Romano Prodi , even some of those elected in the postcommunist countries seemed to belong to this political camp .
The Benelux countries , some Scandinavian states , and many of the new Europeans of East Central Europe have chosen traditionally right-of-centre parties .
Domestically the one and only issue in most countries remains the same : how to provide a sustainable basis for economic growth in the harsh climate of the global marketplace while at the same time maintaining solidarity and a sense of fairness throughout society .
How will mass migration affect countries ' cultural heritage ?
They are present in highly developed countries , but above all in entire regions of the world that are suspended between a yesterday that no longer exists and a tomorrow that has not yet come into being .
How , then , do free countries deal with terrorist expressions of organized frustration ?
Non-aggressive demonstrations of difference - including Islamic headscarves worn by students or teachers in largely Christian countries - should be bearable .
This is particularly so if one accepts - as I do - intervention in the internal affairs of countries in order to prevent genocide or the murderous suppression of minorities and opposition groups .
The frustration of many in the economically developed countries is , like the frustration of entire countries in developing regions , a challenge .
Even those who are certain , like North Africans in Spain and France , or Turks in Germany , had as their priority escaping the hopelessness of their home countries , not arriving at a particular destination .
This modern form of migration raises massive problems for countries on the receiving end .
But these mechanisms are weakening everywhere , and are virtually non-existent in European countries .
This is clearly easier in London and New York than it is in smaller towns or even in the capitals of countries where the world language of English is not spoken .
Lord Ashdown , the High Representative of a coalition of countries in Bosnia-Herzegovina , has set a good example of how the rule of law can be established .
The Allies defended those to whom they were bound by treaty , and then the integrity of their own countries .
After 1989 , however , Western assistance , not least by the US and Britain , eased the transition to democracy , the rule of law , and market economies in most post-communist countries .
Enlargement was not only a triumph for democracy and the rule of law in the postcommunist countries to the west of Russia , but it is also an indication of the magnetism of the EU , and thus of its soft power .
Legitimacy by election is particularly problematic in countries with what might be called `` endemic minorities . ''
In Western countries , notably in the US , people tend to assume too much when it comes to bringing democracy -- meaning elections in the first instance -- to others .
Constitutional arrangements must guarantee all entrenched groups a place in the countries ' political institutions .
While in other countries , most emphatically in Romania , but also in what was then Czechoslovakia and in Hungary , the alternative to communism was a vacuum or at best a few isolated organizations in civil society , Poland had an alternative source of legitimacy .
Similarly , the European Union has helped , and continues to help the postcommunist countries on their way .
Germany 's Nazi past is uniquely horrible , so comparisons with other countries with blighted histories are misleading .
Rising life expectancy coupled with low birth rates shape the demography of almost all prosperous countries .
The murderous triumph and bloody defeat of the politics of cultural despair was followed by an economic miracle that made Germany one of the world 's most prosperous countries , with nearly six decades of increasingly stable democracy .
In fact , new models to square the circle of economic growth , social cohesion , and political liberty may be emerging in some of the countries that have grasped the mantle of globalization .
Those who had the chance migrated , first to their homeland 's centers of economic progress , then abroad , to countries and places where the new world could be found immediately .
The European Union , for all its weaknesses , has helped the postcommunist countries of Eastern and Southeastern Europe immensely .
Those who do not manage to get to other countries , or who fail in the countries to which they have migrated , are in a quandary .
Whatever the value of such theories , it is evident that the frustration of young people 's ambitions in modernizing countries makes them the object of preachers of hate and tempts them to leave the course of plodding progress and turn to more dramatic action .
If we do not wish to be submerged in violence and authoritarian responses to it , international institutions must do for the modernizing world what the EU has managed to do for the postcommunist countries .
Some countries , like Germany , have laws that make it possible to ban political parties whose programs are recognizably anti-democratic .
The international community must therefore recognize that it is not enough to promote , organize , or monitor elections in hitherto undemocratic countries .
Much the same is true within countries .
In fact , entire countries have a built-in egalitarian streak .
But , while it is comfortable to live in the social-democratic world of Scandinavia , Germany , and other European countries , many of them have purchased their equality on credit from future generations .
In most countries , it should probably be higher than it is now .
It may well be resolved with different answers that accord with different countries ' traditions , although tax credits and similar additions to people 's incomes are more compatible with free societies .
Inequality adds color and variety to societies ; it is one of the marks of lively , flexible , and innovative countries .
More recently , elections in the post-communist countries of Europe have brought groups to power whose democratic credentials are dubious , to say the least .
Two generations ago , most countries had censors who not only tried to prevent younger people from seeing certain films but who actually banned books .
In some countries , formal allegiance to religious faith was symbolized by gestures and rites .
Islamic fundamentalism -- Islamism -- has spread to all countries in which there are significant numbers of Muslims .
The main reason is probably that the enlightened countries of the world have become unsure of their values , even of the Enlightenment itself .
All three were powerful prime ministers of their countries , though perhaps not the epitome of what might be regarded as feminine values .
Foreign policy in particular has become a female aspiration . Both the US and the European Union have women leading their foreign offices ; so do half a dozen EU countries , including Britain .
It took decades to become real , and there are still countries that have a long way to go .
It is not the women at the top who have changed the scene . Rather , it is a more general trend , helped along by open-minded leaders of both sexes , that has changed the political climate in countries .
As a result , fringe parties stepped in with slogans about countries being `` swamped '' by immigrants and the need to preserve the `` purity '' of nations .
Second , immigration is a great compliment to those countries that migrants choose as their final destination .
Countries that are magnets for migrants tend to be rich and free .
Canada has become a dream for many , but so are the countries of Europe .
Rich countries need immigrants nowadays in order to fill the jobs that Adair Turner , in his book Just Capital , calls `` high-touch '' jobs .
Getting your hands dirty is what most people in rich countries no longer want to do . From restaurant kitchens to care for the elderly , from harvesting cotton to laboring on building sites , people in rich countries want to consume services that they are no longer willing to provide themselves .
Fourth , no one has yet thought through the full implications of today 's demographic and attendant social changes , but the fact is that without immigrants the welfare state in advanced countries will become unaffordable .
Italians -LRB- and later Turks -RRB- who worked in Northern Europe and then returned home with sufficient assets to start small businesses made a double contribution ; they helped their host countries and then helped their home countries .
The fact that countries can be turned around is a reason for hope .
Integration of immigrants makes much sense ; but it is desirable to help create sustainable conditions in troubled countries with the help of a generation of emigrants who first transfer resources and then return themselves .
In the EU , European integration is taken for granted by most political parties in the older member states of the Union , but a sizeable portion of these electorates have doubts about it , and in the EU 's candidate countries , the doubts run even stronger .
This has become an issue in a number of countries , and it has led some governments -LRB- as President Putin 's did recently -RRB- to try and curb freedom of expression .
After pensions and healthcare , higher education is the third great public service in serious trouble in many countries , notably in Europe .
As global environmental problems frequently create additional stresses on the local resource bases of the world 's poorest people , GNP growth in rich countries can fuel downward pressure on the wealth of the poor .
The economies of China and the OECD countries , by contrast , have grown both in terms of GNP per capita and wealth per capita .
In some European countries , like France and Ireland , the population will actually rise . But in others there will be steep falls .
Even sharper declines are expected in the candidate countries of Central and Eastern Europe , from a total of 105m to 85m , a fall of 20m , or about 20 % .
It is difficult to avoid the implication that Europe 's need for immigrants is likely to combine with massive , and probably irresistible , migratory pressure from developing countries to the developed world .
Today , when the central fear in Western countries is of international instability and terrorism , the NATO allies are far less united in how to respond .
The first problem is that European NATO consists of 16 separate countries , 16 separate defense budgets , and 16 separate defense forces .
For hundreds if not thousands of years , European countries made war repeatedly with each other . In the first half of the 20th century they succeeded in turning these conflicts into two World Wars , and Europe into a charnel house .
War in these countries is a direct threat to Europe 's interests and stability , so European governments have a direct interest in promoting peace .
Moreover , EU governments decided that all these countries , like those in Central and Eastern Europe , are legitimate candidates for membership in the EU .
It is this prospect of a massive enlargement that defines the central challenge facing the EU : how to strengthen its institutions to be able to handle a Union whose membership will expand from 15 to 27 countries - perhaps more .
But the lessons of Le Pen 's rise go beyond the specifics of French politics , because far-right parties have been on the march in many European countries of late , from Austria to Portugal , from Italy to Denmark .
Enlargement , bringing in a large number of much poorer countries , will have a seismic effect on Union policies , implying losses of benefits in richer members .
Two other countries , Bulgaria and Romania , can aim for membership three years after that .
The trouble is that the steep escalation of enlargement coincides with a swing of opinion in a number of member countries in favor of a more intergovernmental EU , with more emphasis on cooperation between sovereign states and less attention to strengthening common EU institutions .
But the debate is now being distorted by a secondary struggle between the EU 's large and small countries , with results that are sometimes paradoxical .
Their proposal was categorically rejected in a joint submission by 16 existing or future member states , all of them small countries , who insisted that the principle of rotation must be retained , as a symbol of the equality of all member states .
The deep reason for this particular argument is the EU 's looming enlargement , which will take the membership from 15 to 25 countries in May 2004 .
When the European enterprise started , there were three small and three large countries ; but almost all the new members are small countries .
Today , by insisting on Presidential rotation and the equality of member states , whatever their size , the small countries are effectively adopting an inter-governmentalist position , because they fear that the real purpose of the Franco-German proposal is to ensure that the Council will remain under the leadership of a big member .
So here is the second paradox : both large and small EU countries imagine that they can optimize their relative leverage by adopting inter-governmentalist positions .
Some small countries do not like the idea of a permanent President of the Council of Ministers , which they fear will strengthen the influence of big countries at their expense .
Some middle-sized countries , like Spain and Poland , do not like the proposed majority voting rules , which would operate according to population weights .
Some small countries do not like streamlining the Commission , and the proposed cutback in the number of Commissioners from member states .
But if the negotiations break down because new members , or small countries , or middle-sized countries , or the neutrals , resist the reforms necessary to make the enlarged EU viable , it is a certainty that those member states in favor of closer integration , essentially the six original founding members -LRB- France , Germany , the three Benelux countries , and perhaps Italy -RRB- will start to work seriously on ways of building an alternative structure .
Under the method adopted three years ago at the EU 's Nice summit , each member state has a certain number of votes , weighted according to population , but small countries are protected by having proportionally more votes than big countries .
But in arithmetic terms it is less favourable to the smaller countries , since they lose their weighting advantage .
These questions have become much more acute with the impending mega-enlargement , partly because of the sheer weight of numbers of newcomers , but mainly because the central European accession countries are essentially strangers to the learning process of integration that the existing members have gone through these past 50 years .
Over the years , they continued to believe , logically if paradoxically , that the small countries could best safeguard their interests by submitting to the logic of majority voting .
Nevertheless , the rise of Euroskeptic parties , in a number of countries including Britain , France , Belgium , Poland , and the Czech Republic , has worrying implications for a summit meeting whose purpose is to take European integration a small but unmistakable step forward .
But the old member states that have hitherto benefited most from the budget -- poorer countries like Spain , Greece , and Portugal -- want the budget to be expanded , so that they can continue to receive money .
By design the EU Common Agricultural Policy -LRB- CAP -RRB- gives large financial benefits to countries with large farming sectors , like France , but imposes financial penalties on countries with small farming sectors , like Britain .
It seems inevitable now that either the eurozone will have to contract , with parts of the uncompetitive periphery dropping out , at least for a time , or that member countries ' debts will have to be collectively guaranteed , which implies some form of fiscal union .
Already , the Greeks and the other countries subject to special measures have been shut out of the wholesale markets , and are reliant almost entirely on the European Central Bank .
Researchers there argue that in fragile speculative industries -LRB- and finance has certainly been in that category in recent years -RRB- it is hard for investors to monitor those who manage their money .
Even within Europe , there is powerful evidence that countries where mutual trust is higher achieve higher levels of investment , particularly through venture capital investment , and are prepared to use more flexible contracts , which are also beneficial for growth and investment .
Most developed countries have concluded that central-bank independence makes good sense .
Investor worries are now concentrated on the health of European banks , many of which have large exposures to Greece and the other southern European countries with severe fiscal problems .
And , since each member state has one vote , there is a massive imbalance between the voting weight and the GDP weight of individual countries .
But Weber 's dissent opens up the possibility that small countries could vote down the center and the large members .
It is theoretically possible that the six Executive Board members plus France , Germany , and Italy , representing 65 % percent of the eurozone 's GDP , could be outvoted by a coalition of small countries .
Especially in nervous markets , which we certainly have today , any perception that the ECB 's decisions might not take into account the interests of the whole eurozone , or could commit the major countries to significant losses , could itself be destabilizing .
After all , banks remain deeply unpopular in all developed countries .
And the episode served to reinforce an international consensus that countries ' monetary policy should focus on domestic price stability while letting exchange rates float freely .
The Asian financial crisis of 1997-1998 convinced governments and central banks that countries that maintained exchange controls were able to weather the storm better than countries that embraced liberalization .
The underlying problem remains that , while both central banks and finance ministries are unhappy about the excessive volatility of real and nominal exchange rates , they do not understand very well what causes it .
These conditions do not typically apply in Western countries .
Most other Western countries , certainly the United States and the United Kingdom , are in no position to invest heavily to maintain a particular exchange rate .
In order to enter into force around the world before 2013 , the Copenhagen agreement must meet the political requirements of all participating countries .
First , clarity is needed on ambitious , legally binding emission-reduction targets for industrialized countries .
Without such targets , the international community will not take the necessary action to address climate change , and developing countries will not have confidence that industrialized countries are willing to take the lead on solving a problem that they caused .
For example , the European Union has agreed to a climate and energy package with which it will be able to reach its target of a 20 % emission reduction over 1990 levels by 2020 -LRB- 30 % if other industrialized countries follow suit . within the United States , President Barack Obama has indicated his intention to achieve an 80 % reduction of greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 , and to return US emissions to 1990 levels by 2020 .
Other countries , such as Russia and Japan , will announce their mid-term targets in the course of this year .
Second , clarity is essential on the extent to which major developing countries can undertake nationally appropriate mitigation actions beyond what they are already doing .
For many industrialized countries , particularly the US , it will be very difficult to conclude an agreement unless their citizens see that major developing countries are also willing to engage further .
A number of developing countries , such as China , India , Brazil , and South Africa , have already developed national climate change or energy strategies that indicate the extent to which they feel that they are able , given their economic constraints , to address the issue .
The magnitude of action by developing countries will largely depend on the effective delivery of finance and clean technology through international cooperative action .
We need to know how significant financial resources will be generated to help developing countries both limit the growth of their emissions and adapt to the effects of climate change .
For example , industrialized countries have suggested auctioning emission rights and using part of the revenue for international cooperation -- something that Germany is already doing .
Norway has put forward a proposal to monetize a portion of industrialized countries ' emissions budgets , generating revenue for international cooperation .
However , the Bali action plan addresses the need for developing countries to adopt nationally appropriate mitigation actions .
If significant financial resources are to be generated for mitigation and adaptation , developing countries will want a representative say in how that money is to be allocated and spent .
But , in order to coordinate energy strategies and strengthen energy security , last year the organization launched a club that unites energy-producing and energy-consuming states , transit countries , and private companies .
And that is why several other EU countries are now considering receiving ex-detainees cleared for release , but who , for compelling reasons , can not return to their countries of origin .
The idea is not that Brazil should seek to implement the Dutch social-economic model -- the countries are too different for that .
The US and other countries should open their markets to goods produced in these zones .
But Lebanon is not alone in that respect : according to the UN and several independent studies , countries in transition from war to peace face roughly a 50 % chance of sliding back into warfare .
Indeed , in East Timor , Iraq , Afghanistan , Kosovo , and many other countries , the transition to peace seems to be failing .
Likewise , there is unfinished business in many other countries undergoing reconstruction .
When wars end , countries confront a multi-pronged transition .
But the complexity of the tasks that post-conflict countries face underscores the urgent challenge of providing the UN with the capacity to meet them .
True , inward FDI reached about $ 70 billion in 2006 , but this is below the 1998-1999 peak , and a large share came from Latin American firms investing in neighboring countries , whereas inflows from Europe and the United States have fallen .
Among developing countries , Latin America 's share of global FDI also fell dramatically , from 40-50 % in the 1970 's to about half that in 2006 .
To change the way Latin American countries sell themselves to foreign investors is a creative challenge .
The UN reckons that countries that fail in this endeavor have an even chance of reverting to conflict .
The record of countries that move from conflict to a fragile peace through military intervention or negotiated settlements is dismal : roughly half of them revert to conflict , leading to more human tragedy and large numbers of refugees .
As a result , taxpayers in donor countries are demanding more transparency and accountability in how their money is spent both domestically and abroad -- and rightly so .
In addition to restructuring the financial sector , recovery programs in the US , the United Kingdom , and other industrial countries hardest hit by the financial crisis must include relief for home and business owners , and job creation through infrastructure projects , clean-energy technologies , and improvements in healthcare and education .
Just as world leaders have led the global discussion on policies to resolve the financial crisis , they should start a broad-based debate on the international community 's future involvement in Afghanistan , Iraq , and other war-torn countries , where better living conditions are needed to give the local population a stake in the peace process .
War-torn countries that have embarked on transitions of this type since the end of the Cold War have a dismal record : roughly half revert to conflict within a few years . Of the other half , most end up highly aid-dependent -- indeed an unsustainable position in the present financial context .
Failure to do so has proved a major factor in countries ' relapse into war , because , in the absence of peace , there can be no sustainable development .
Other developing countries were told that their trade barriers , their love of inflationary finance , their failure to curb tax evasion , and their lack of governments strong enough to enforce property and contract rights against local notables , organized bandits , and - most important - their own functionaries were keeping them from participating in the new globalized economic cornucopia .
In some countries , corporate managers are disciplined by the representatives of large universal banks who sit on corporate boards and vote large blocks of shares .
In many countries , managers ' leashes are also held by families of plutocrats who exercise control through pyramids of companies and special classes of stock .
Other countries must then tell America that the state ca n't stand back and let the market do this job : accurate business information is a governmental responsibility .
In some countries , fiscal policy is crippled by legitimate fears that more deficit spending will trigger government-debt crises .
In many other countries , fiscal policy is crippled by confusion between short-term cyclical and long-term structural deficits .
Guess which one the US and many other countries have ?
BERKELEY -- At the end of 2008 , as the financial crisis hit with full force , the countries of the world divided into two groups : those whose leaders decided to muddle through , and China .
Then , at the start of 2010 , the countries that had been muddling through divided into two groups : those where government credit was unimpaired continued to muddle through , while countries like Greece and Ireland , where government credit was impaired , had no choice but to pursue austerity and try to restore fiscal confidence .
Today , another split is occurring , this time between those countries that are continuing to muddle through and Great Britain .
The mudding-through countries lag behind .
As industries suffering from insufficient demand shed workers , industries benefiting from surplus demand hire them .
The broad pattern is clear : the more that governments have worried about enabling future moral hazard by excessive bailouts and sought to stem the rise in public debt , the worse their countries ' economies have performed .
Coal , canals , and metalworkers were the foundation for building , installing , and using the automatic spinning machines , power looms , and railway locomotives that were the first modern machine industries .
But as we compare patterns of development throughout the world , more and more evidence is piling up that universal literacy and a large class of people with industrial-technical skills are key resources that determine whether countries are able to break free from the grip of backwardness and poverty .
Intelligent Economic Design BERKELEY -- As Stephen Cohen , with whom I wrote The End of Influence : What Happens When Other Countries Have the Money , likes to say , economies do not evolve ; they are , rather , intelligently designed .
And he and his Federalist colleagues , including John Adams , believed strongly in providing infant industries with room to grow -- even using money from the Department of War to fund experiments in high-tech industry .
Australia , Ireland , and the Scandinavian countries all had their own sustained bursts of unexpectedly rapid growth .
So you would think that the same productivity revolution would happen in those countries .
Unlike other countries , a decline in the real value of the dollar reduces the real value of America 's gross international debts .
In his memoir , Rubin recalls a moment when he held firm on world trade : `` Protecting industries is usually appealing , because the negative consequences of free trade are so visible ...
After all , most rich countries have entered a post-industrial age , while developing countries now have -- or soon will -- as great a share of their population working in `` industry '' as the world 's rich nations .
However , the absence of rapid growth in western Europe and Japan is not a great handicap for developing countries , because Europe and Japan were never all that open to imports from developing countries to begin with .
American domestic interest rates are so low and the fear of a large further decline in the dollar so great that it is nearly impossible to envision a sudden withdrawal of capital from developing countries to the post-industrial core .
The more intriguing question is this : when will the rapid IT-driven productivity growth seen in the US spread to the rest of the rich countries ?
Karl Marx was not wholly wrong when he wrote that the most industrialized countries are mirrors in which the rest of the world can see its own future .
The hard question for other countries is how to do this .
Such large-scale lending might cut a generation off the time it would take economies where people were poor to converge with the industrial structures and living standards of rich countries .
Another source is investors who feared losing their money after the various emerging market meltdowns of the 1990 's , techno-enthusiasts chasing the pot of gold that the American technology boom seemed to offer , and the third-world rich , who think a Deutsche Bank account is good to have in case they need to flee their countries in a Lear jet or a rubber boat .
The years 1960 to 1985 formed the era in which development was to be financed by public institutions like the World Bank , because market failures and distrust of governments made it hard for poor countries to borrow privately .
The years 1985 to 2000 were the era in which development was to be financed by private lending to countries that adopted the market-friendly and market-conforming policies that were supposed to lead to high returns and rapid growth .
Unlike in the heyday of liberalism , money from the world 's rich countries simply is not going to give peripheral economies the priceless gift of rapid , successful development .
In this scenario , bond prices in post-industrial countries are heading for a serious fall - as are real estate prices in California , New York , and London .
As a result , the price boom is boosting windfall profits for the owners of oil deposits rather than improving countries ' public finances .
Almost all of the world 's developed countries consider themselves , and are , social democracies : mixed economies with very large governments performing a wide array of welfare and social insurance functions , and removing large chunks of wealth and commodity distribution from the market .
The political struggles that this generates will determine whether America will move more closely to the social democratic norm for developed countries , or find some way to accept and rationalize its existence as a country of high economic risk and deep divisions of income and wealth .
Two centuries later that was no longer the case : by the end of the nineteenth century , median living standards in Britain and other countries to which the Industrial Revolution had spread were , for the first time in recorded history , light-years above any neo-Malthusian benchmark of subsistence .
· Freer capital flows will give poor countries precisely this access , as the greed of investors in rich country leads them to venture into poor regions where capital is scarce .
Rather than leading rich-country savers to invest their money in poor countries out of greed , liberalization of capital flows has led poor-country savers to park their money in rich countries out of fear -- fear of political instability , macreconomic disturbances , and deficient institutions -LRB- especially those that protect the rights of bondholders and minority shareholders -RRB- .
On one hand , because it covered only those countries projected to emit roughly half of the world 's greenhouse-gas emissions by mid-century , it was not an effective long-run safeguard against the dangers of global warming .
On the other hand , because it required significant and expensive short-run cuts in emissions by industrial countries , it threatened to impose large immediate costs on the American , European , and Japanese economies .
They projected that developing countries would enter the Kyoto framework at some point , and would trade their rights to emit CO2 and other greenhouse gases to the United States and Europe in return for development aid .
Slow growth of greenhouse-gas emissions in rapidly-growing economies must be accompanied by credible promises to deliver massive amounts of assistance in the mighty tasks of industrialization , education , and urbanization that China , India , Mexico , Brazil , and many other developing countries face .
Second , the world 's industrial core must create incentives for its energy industries to undertake the investments in new technologies that will move us by mid-century to an economic structure that is light on carbon emissions and heavy on carbon sequestration .
Big winners are workers in poor countries who get better jobs working for firms that can now export services to rich countries .
Workers in certain industries find their skills in higher demand as foreigners spend their increased dollar earnings , consumers benefit from lower prices , and shareholders and managers see their companies ' profits increase .
In the generation before World War I , the safe assets were thought to be the debt of governments tied to the gold standard , which supposedly offered protection against the inflationary populist viruses that afflicted countries like Mexico , France , or the United States .
Buying other countries ' bonds would mean abandoning the goal of keeping real currency values low against the dollar .
European unemployment had just taken another large upward leap , and the `` socialist '' countries were so incompatible with rational economic development that their political systems would collapse within two years .
Of course , there may well be turbulence : when US wage levels appear low because of a weak dollar , it is hard to export to America , and other countries must rely on other sources of demand to maintain full employment .
Other countries that are counting on exporting to America would be affected by slower growth and lower employment in the US .
But we all know the outcome : while international capital flows soared , the large net flow of capital from rich to poor countries simply never materialized .
The Clinton Administration and the IMF educated financial markets about countries that they believed were following sound policies and that had bright long-run growth prospects .
Employment in construction and related industries is collapsing , as Americans and foreigners recover from their fit of irrational exuberance over housing prices .
If fertility rates in relatively poor countries continue to follow the trends set by today 's relatively rich countries , we are within shouting distance of the world 's maximum population-9-10 billion-to be reached in 2050-2100 .
Literate , well-educated women with many social and economic options in today 's rich countries have pulled fertility below the natural replacement rate .
Developing-country politicians and populations complain bitterly that the rich industrial countries are growing too much food .
If the poorest countries stay poor , their rates of population growth might fall much more slowly than the United Nations predicts .
The fact that most countries are completing the demographic transition does not guarantee that all will .
The world 's high - and middle-income countries should not imagine that the relatively rich can fence themselves off indefinitely from poverty and misery in the poorest countries .
Some countries -- China , for example -- did , indeed , implement such job-creation policies a year ago and are already seeing the benefits .
The problem , I think , is that Barro tries to use the years of `` total '' war in the twentieth century -- World War I , World War II , and the Korean War -- to `` realistically evaluate the stimulus , '' because `` the defense-spending multiplier can be precisely estimated ... ''
Education is by far the most profitable investment Europe can make , so it should be launching its most ambitious strategy ever to create a new knowledge dynamic and employment inside the EU while helping to expand greatly education in the world 's poorest countries .
Sighs of relief greeted EU leaders ' mid-year agreement on a Reform Treaty aimed at overhauling the Union 's decision-making mechanisms , but it is still uncertain whether the new pact will survive the ratification process in 27 countries .
This is one of the great questions of our time , relevant not only to China 's future , but to scores of other developing countries enthralled by China 's extraordinary , but still largely unexplained , success .
Tariffs and Tortillas BUENOS AIRES -- Ever since Mexico 's so-called `` Tortilla crisis '' this past January , street protests against food shortages and high prices , or against increasing taxes on agricultural production , have spread from Haiti to Central American countries , and across Latin America .
While liberalization was promoted in the late 1980 's and embraced during the 1990 's , food markets in the developed world remained highly protected , with Latin American countries suffering the consequences .
The results of many projects in these countries are encouraging , with the current focus on training key groups , such as entrepreneurs , teachers , and young and unemployed people .
In the Mediterranean countries of North Africa , the young active population is expanding fast .
This strategy alone can enable these countries to compete economically in an increasingly global market .
Rather than fund comprehensive education reform , international partners can supply the tools with which individual countries can bring about reform themselves .
Developing skills and qualifications represents a powerful step towards a more peaceful and prosperous future in areas of conflict and poverty , but the interest in helping countries take that step is universal . Note for the Editor :
On 5-7 November the European Training Foundation organizes the conference `` Learning Matters '' in Turin , Italy , bringing together 250 international officials and experts from 58 countries to discuss new strategies for vocational and educational training in 40 countries neighboring the European Union .
In December of 2002 , EU leaders committed the Union to start negotiations with Turkey on full membership , provided Turkey fulfilled the relevant criteria common to all candidate countries .
Countries with command economies and scant experience of democracy are about to become full members of the Union , after a decade of rapid transformation .
In 1990 , Turkey had a more advanced market economy and a much greater experience with democracy than the Eastern European countries about to join the EU .
Turkey must , of course , fulfill the conditions common to all candidate countries , measured in a fair and reasonable manner .
Different countries ' capacity to act depends on their indebtedness , foreign exchange reserves , and current-account deficits .
Several countries have already announced measures , but there is a need to evaluate what they all amount to in reality .
Sovereign countries will have the final say on their recovery packages , but global coordination will increase the effectiveness of everyone 's actions .
Donors must maintain the promised -LRB- and very modest -RRB- levels of development aid for the poorer countries , and the drive to achieve the Millennium Development Goals must be renewed .
The World Bank should increase lending to help finance growth-supporting expenditures in developing countries .
This crisis has demonstrated that the destinies of countries around the world are linked .
While the US economy is in the final stages of a seismic shift from manufacturing to service-oriented industries , China and India are ascendant , and Muslims throughout Asia are clamoring for a greater role in global affairs .
As Democrats suggest renegotiating NAFTA , Asian countries are watching with increasing trepidation .
The Asia Society recently co-presented a new education study that showed American 15-year-olds ' science proficiency ranked 25th out of 30 countries tested , and lagged far behind their peers in Japan , South Korea , and Hong Kong .
While the US economy falls into a deep recession , the economies of large Asian countries like China and India will continue to grow at an annual rate of 7 % to 9 % .
So Asians are keen to hear Obama 's thoughts about a new or renewed international system , and hope that his vision of a new global order will incorporate the rising countries of Asia as America 's partners .
Or that the four countries with the largest Muslim populations -- Indonesia , Pakistan , India , and Bangladesh -- are all cultures with millennia-old histories of coexisting with other religions and cultures .
More than 300 artists , writers , performers , and scholars from more than 25 countries , including the US , are gathering for this unprecedented festival and conference .
The predominance of English is even more pronounced in communications among the EU 's citizens , where it is the first foreign language in all countries of the `` old '' Europe .
In countries with strong ethnic , tribal , and religious divisions , unless it is made clear from the start that everything possible will be done to foster reconciliation , communal enmity will most likely simmer .
At the same time , the rule-of-law approach to fighting terrorism must be a pillar of European cooperation with third countries , namely with those of the Mediterranean , or with Pakistan , thereby contributing to a security culture that is conducive to democratization .
-LRB- The State Council , which includes the premier , vice premiers , and heads of ministries and commissions , is China 's highest executive authority . -RRB-
In many industries , neither market forces nor central planning are strong enough to bring about the `` creative destruction '' of inefficient producers .
As a result , the dream of catching up with the developed countries has to a surprising extent been realized much as Mao imagined -- by lower-level cadres using small-scale technology .
Stark realities in industrialized countries -- such as the impact of aging populations on tax-based and employer-funded health-care models -- are leading governments to adopt regulatory regimes that demand more economical , value-based , and transparent drug pricing .
Originally attractive for offering low-cost production , developing countries now present a viable market for multinational corporations .
A recent study predicts that sales in 17 `` pharmerging '' countries -- including India , Indonesia , Pakistan , Thailand , and Vietnam -- will `` in aggregate expand by $ 90 billion during 2009-2013 . ''
Healthcare is financed largely out-of pocket -- up to 60 % in Asia -- and many countries shoulder a `` triple disease burden '' of `` old '' diseases like tuberculosis and malaria , new infectious diseases like Influenza A -LRB- H1N1 -RRB- , and a `` silent pandemic '' in the form of non-communicable diseases such as diabetes and cancer .
Price discounts have been more effective , though their effect is limited by their focus on specific high-profile diseases and least developed countries -LRB- LDCs -RRB- .
· Investment in research and development that is relevant to the diseases affecting developing countries , and in medicines suitable for resource-poor contexts -LRB- for example , heat-stable formulations or fixed combination drugs -RRB- ; and
In these countries , building access to medicine into companies ' core business models has become vital to securing a license to operate .
In middle-income countries , prices would more closely reflect a country 's ability to pay -LRB- for example , GSK cut the price of its cervical cancer vaccine , Cervarix , by 60 % in the Philippines and gained a 14-fold increase in volume sales -RRB- .
The Japanese firm Eisai dropped its price for Aricept , an Alzheimer 's treatment in six Asian countries .
There is serious questioning of whether IP rights are actually an effective incentive for drug development , especially with respect to medicines that are relevant to diseases in developing countries , given the current dearth of R&D into these diseases .
Biotechnology industries flourish , with state sanction and support , because they add extra value to the body , the object of supreme worth to us .
Now , as then , richer developed countries are able to put pressure on weaker , poorer ones .
Some of the fighters in Bosnia , Kosovo and Macedonia during the Balkan wars included mujahedeen from many countries who had trained in Afghanistan .
So solicitous of the terrorists ' desires are some countries that America 's representative to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe -LRB- OSCE -RRB- conducted negotiations with Macedonian politicians and terrorist commanders not in Skopje or Tetovo but in Prizren , a Kosovar city where they are influential .
This lack of progress is less a reflection of Gambari 's capabilities than of the fact that he has not been empowered by the countries that hold the most leverage over Burma 's rulers , including China , India , and Burma 's ASEAN neighbors .
Since the countries that carry the most sway with the junta also have strong commercial interests in Burma , we should not expect any of them to step up and take the lead on their own .
Indeed , of the more than 200 countries in the world , only 30 use nuclear power .
Roughly 16 % of total energy needs -LRB- up to 25 % in the highly industrialized countries -RRB- are now met by electric energy .
Early results for the first four months of 2010 for the OECD countries , collected by the International Energy Agency indicate that so far the 2010 results are as low or lower than during the last year .
Indeed , they point toward a continuing slow phase-out of civilian nuclear energy in most of the large OECD countries .
It thus seems unavoidable that energy consumers , especially in many rich countries , will have to learn to exchange their current worries about the distant future consequences of global warming for the reality of energy shortages during periods of peak demand .
In the most celebrated American case of the twentieth century , Brown v. Board of Education , the Justices were probably influenced by a government brief explaining how racial segregation in the southern United States undermined American efforts to compete with the Soviet Union for the hearts and minds of people in developing countries .
Historically , this is what happens in countries weighed down by large debts .
So the IMF is at a cross roads , it is weak in leadership , weak on economics knowledge at its top , weak in the support it gets from its member countries .
Little by itself , of course , because it is governed by its member countries and that means the US , Europe -LRB- which does not speak with one voice -RRB- , and Japan -LRB- which has no voice -RRB- .
The IMF staff must begin to report , publicly and for everyone to see , the shortcomings in countries ' balance sheets and currency strategies because these are invariably the causes of collapse .
Both countries , after all , confront the same opportunities and handicaps .
The euro 's problems , however , are not spawned in such supposed soft money countries as France or Italy , Greece or Spain -- to round up the usual suspects . Nor are higher-inflation successes like Finland or Ireland to blame .
Candidate countries ca n't wait to get their share of fat EU subsidies . The right response here would be to use the costs associated with new members as an excuse to abolish EU subsidies and anti-market mechanisms and so create a bigger , better market .
Among the hoped-for effects of the Euro 's physical arrival are an increased transparency of the differences in retail prices between different EMU countries , and a subsequent pressure to equalize these prices .
So , if price equalization were to happen , citizens in rich countries would feast and those in poorer countries would pay through the nose .
What , then , is behind lasting differences in prices within and between countries ? There are three important factors :
Of course free trade exists in principle , but there are often important snags at borders and within countries .
The critical point here is that a retail price includes not only the price of the goods but also distribution costs - wages of shop personnel , rent , advertising , profit margins , etc. . These differ vastly across countries , as the table suggests .
Yet wages are vastly different and hence we expect lower retail prices in poorer cities and countries than in richer ones .
In countries like Germany , which have been on the ropes since the signing of the Maastricht Treaty , a continuation of stagnation or outright recession would deeply strain budgets and credibility .
Both countries recognize that if they refuse to sell America oil , other countries -LRB- Russia and Mexico -RRB- will take up the slack .
Other countries did not drop to Argentina 's level , but creditworthiness is an issue almost everywhere in Latin America .
Brazil and Mexico are prime examples of countries that sold assets and borrowed rather than saved .
In addition to the prospect of enormous human suffering , severe economic , political , and social pressures now threaten to overwhelm and destabilize developing countries , triggering conflict on an unprecedented scale .
Now , though , the global economic crisis is sapping developed countries ' shaky efforts to fulfill their commitments for official development assistance -LRB- ODA -RRB- in order to achieve the United Nations ' Millennium Development Goals -LRB- MDGs -RRB- .
A UN report warns that annual investment from these donor countries is falling $ 35 billion short of the $ 150 billion goal .
Every minute that passes means one less mother , and it is shameful that 99 % of these deaths occur in developing countries .
Providing funding in 93 countries , UNITAID today finances drugs for three-quarters of the children around the world who receive anti-retrovirals .
But more is needed , and September 's summit in New York will be an important opportunity for countries to voice their full-throated support for innovative financing mechanisms , and thus give the MDGs a fighting chance .
ROME -- The prices of many staple foods increased dramatically during 2007-2008 , creating a food crisis for many poor and developing countries .
International prices of maize , rice , and wheat , for example , reached their highest levels in 30 years , causing political and economic instability -- and leading to food riots -- in many countries .
This means that broad swaths of the population do n't finish high school , do n't attend college , and do n't become empowered citizens of their own countries and the world .
Bountiful resources such as oil are a bane for democracy in developing countries , because when a government gets the revenues it needs by selling oil , it does n't need to collect taxes .
Few countries have emerged as naked from the receding waters of the global economic crisis as Mexico .
This is not an isolated example . Thanks to the leadership of African countries that have made agricultural development a priority , and to the tireless efforts of many international organizations , real progress is being made against hunger and poverty on the continent .
By 2016 , maize yields are expected to increase by as much as 30 % , benefiting up to 40 million people in 13 sub-Saharan countries .
Nine countries are known or believed to possess them , and all are improving them in various ways .
I agree with the critics ' conclusion , but not with their premise , for the success of the single currency so far has been due precisely to the political commitments of the Union 's member countries .
This has been true from the outset of the European integration process in 1952 , when six countries established the European Coal and Steel Community -LRB- ECSC -RRB- .
He described it as a means for creating a `` fusion of interests ... that will be the leavening from which may grow a wider and deeper community between countries long opposed to one another by bloody conflicts . ''
With fears mounting that one or another euro-zone country may default , yield spreads on government bonds between EMU countries have reached record highs .
Leaving EMU would be a costly option for weak-performing countries .
As a default would demand a change in the currency involved in private contracts , business partners from other EU countries would surely sue , legal uncertainties would drag on and on , and an exiting country 's trade with its main trading partners would be impaired for years to come .
So none of the countries at risk would seriously consider reintroducing a national currency .
A widespread default of several countries in EMU would lead to serious disruptions of trade within the EU and to new problems in the banking system , which would have to write down their holdings of government bonds .
With its loans to Hungary and Latvia , the European Commission has already revived a credit facility which was dormant since the European Monetary System crisis in 1992 -- and for countries outside EMU .
By supporting to such a degree two new EU members that are not part of EMU , the EU countries have demonstrated a much greater commitment to mutual aid than was thinkable only a few years ago .
And more is expected to come : in November 2008 , the Ecofin Council increased the ceiling for possible balance-of-payment loans to non-EMU countries to ¤ 25 billion .
Against this background , it seems inconceivable that the EU should refuse to support an EMU member in a situation similar to that of Hungary and Latvia , especially as all the countries that are currently on market watch lists are long-time EU members .
One option is for large EU countries to construct a bailout package .
Countries whose public finances seemed fundamentally sound as late as last year have come under severe fiscal pressure .
Thus , EMU members indirectly share the liability for fellow countries ' private-sector debt , which for this reason should be monitored within the EMU 's surveillance framework .
The persistent loss in competitiveness over the past decade is one reason why the crisis is hitting some southern European EMU countries such as Spain and Italy so hard .
Moreover , there is a direct relationship between the EMU countries ' private-sector debt dynamics and their current-account imbalances within the euro zone .
Exceptions could be granted for countries with large inflows of foreign direct investment in greenfield projects .
The rule should apply both to debtor and creditor countries .
After all , payment imbalances always have two sides , and the burden of adjustment should not be borne only by deficit countries .
It would also lead to broader economic-policy coordination , particularly with respect to wage-setting , because governments would be compelled to use national legislation and public-sector wage settlements to influence wage policy in such a way that imbalances among euro-zone countries are reduced .
Within the framework of these rules , individual countries would retain the authority to design their policies .
Indeed , for practically all of Latin America 's countries , China is one of the ten main trade partners -- and already in second place in several -- with rates of growth well above total trade .
Even in the Caribbean and Central American countries -- several of which do not have diplomatic relations with China -- commerce has been prolific .
China represents a massive challenge even for countries , such as Brazil , that have achieved a significant trade surplus up to now .
So dividing Latin American countries into `` winners '' and `` losers '' makes no sense .
Latin American countries would thus benefit from an open , non-ideological , and critical analysis of development experiences in the past few decades .
Many academic and commercial research facilities want one , as do several countries .
The current movement in many developed countries towards electronic medical records will improve health care directly , but it will also lead to much improved information liquidity to help genetic and other medical research .
Moreover , in countries where Google is criticized for blocking access to information , it points out the information 's absence when something is blocked -- letting people know that it exists but that they ca n't have access to it .
Should other countries have one , too ?
Rather than slavishly copy the United States , I think most countries should have a chief information officer -- someone who thinks about information as an agent of change , not just as an agent of efficiency .
The CIO also needs to take a serious look at information security -- in conjunction with the CIOs of other countries -LRB- since cybercrime knows no borders -RRB- .
Some argue that SWFs ' home governments and host countries have too many mutual interests -- including the stability of the financial system and maintaining the US dollar as the world 's reserve currency -- to threaten global markets .
The free flow of capital from these regions ' SWFs to corporations in the advanced countries is crucial in order to balance the global economy and provide liquidity to financial markets , especially given the prospect of another recession in the West .
PARIS -- The German and French governments have been scrambling to save their automobile and truck industries though big fiscal injections , making it clear that , within much of the European Union , industrial policy has returned with a vengeance .
As a result , some European industries got undue protection , while others were squeezed out of the market .
On bank re-capitalizations , some countries adopted the more punitive approach of quasi-nationalization , while others lent public bailout funds on very advantageous terms , linking re-capitalization to the development of credit or the restriction of dividends .
France and the Benelux countries had to bail out Fortis and Dexia , owing to the lack of any European mechanism for saving integrated financial companies .
So far , the Bush administration is playing tough and trying to force South American countries to submit by discussing trade agreements with Chile and Central America .
Countries like Ecuador , hobbled by massive external debt , poor infrastructure , a corrupt ruling class , and yawning inequality , need international agreements akin to those of the European Union that help reduce debt burdens , boost technology transfer , and promote social and economic justice .
Likewise , in Muslim countries , it is not unusual for engineering professors to denounce Darwin as a fraud , and many well-known doctors argue that modern technological and scientific developments are prefigured in the Koran .
In this effort , professionals in applied science , as people who would help Muslim countries catch up with the West , have enjoyed enormous prestige .
Its policy is tailored after that of Singapore , which has avoided large currency fluctuations -- and has maintained a significantly more competitive exchange rate during the last three years than all of Latin America 's countries .
This means that in order to compete successfully with China , Latin American countries will need to increase productivity growth .
According to several international educational studies conducted in recent years , Latin American countries rank at the bottom , particularly in mathematics and science .
For example , tests administered by the OECD in 2003 found that Brazilian students ranked last in mathematics among 40 countries .
Similarly , according to the prestigious Trends in International Mathematics and Science Study -LRB- TIMSS -RRB- , in 2003 Chile 's eighth graders ranked 39th out of 44 countries in mathematics ; in science they did only slightly better , ranking 37th .
Interestingly , many countries that performed better than Chile on these standardized tests have a lower income per capita .
The heads of state of the hemisphere 's democratic countries met to discuss economic , political , and social issues -- and to lose another opportunity to create a new and healthier relationship between the United States and its Latin American neighbors .
No important issues were resolved , and no progress was made on the many topics that increasingly divide the countries of Latin America and the US .
But it is also true that if the US wants to improve relations with its neighbors to the south , America should make significant bilateral trade concessions to the Latin American countries .
In the absence of US leadership in matters of international trade , the majority of Latin American countries will not open their economies further to foreign competition , and some may even return to increased protectionism .
Very few Latin American countries support the Iraq war ; indeed , only a handful of small countries in the region contributed troops to the so-called `` coalition of the willing , '' and today only El Salvador still has its troops in Iraq .
Moreover , a growing number of Latin American countries are veering left , and Hugo Chávez , the belligerent and anti-American Venezuelan president , is becoming increasingly popular in every Latin American country .
And , third , the US should support the demands of Latin American countries for a greater say in international institutions such as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund .
An increasing number of Latin American countries have elected left-wing presidents who criticize market reforms and globalization .
Since the 1970 's , Latin American countries have experienced , on average , 1.6 balance of payments crises per decade ; some of the better known include the Mexican crisis of 1994-95 , the Brazilian crisis of 1999 , and the Argentine crisis of 2001-2002 .
The economic consequences of these crises have been gigantic . On average , each of them cost the Latin American countries 12 % of GDP .
Chief among these changes has been the adoption , in most countries , of flexible exchange rates and reduction of external debt , particularly government debt .
The vast majority of Latin America countries do not fulfill any of these requirements .
Indeed , students from Latin American countries consistently score at the very bottom of international achievement tests such as the Program for International Student Assessment -LRB- PISA -RRB- and the Third International Math and Science Survey -LRB- TIMSS -RRB- .
Fortunately , the decisive actions taken by the advanced countries ' monetary authorities -- including provision of unprecedented amounts of liquidity -- prevented a complete financial meltdown .
Most emerging economies are still fragile and affected by what goes on in the advanced countries .
The situation in these countries is so serious that a few days ago the United States granted them credit for up to $ 60 billion .
He also viewed it as a forum to address the problems created for the poorest countries by the global financial crisis .
Some will say that he should get G-20 countries to coordinate an orderly exit from their expansionary monetary and fiscal policies .
Small countries -- think of Mauritius -- are often the ones affected most dramatically by global warming .
Asian countries need to do even more to stimulate spending , and they need to move together .
But if Asian countries move together , China will be more willing to let its exchange rate against the dollar become unstuck .
After all , no one anointed these 20 countries as the designated representatives of the world .
Who speaks for the other 173 internationally recognized countries ?
Twenty-four countries sit there .
Big ones have their own seats , while smaller ones represent groups of countries , known as `` constituencies . ''
They have allowed the advanced countries to drive the G-20 process .
Like Greece , these countries now face sharp budget cuts .
No doubt , countries to which these measures are applied will express outrage .
Since then , it has intervened in Hungary , Latvia , Iceland , and Ukraine , among other crisis-stricken countries -- and has received a massive infusion of new resources .
The IMF has also put in place a Flexible Credit Line to disburse funds quickly -- and free of onerous conditions -- to countries buffeted by financial crosswinds through no fault of their own .
As the European Commission has proposed , the strengthened pact will have tighter deficit limits for heavily indebted countries .
Where national wage-bargaining systems are the obstacle , the European Commission should say so , and countries should be required to change them .
It needs a mechanism for temporary transfers to countries that have put their public finances in order but are hit by adverse shocks .
To be clear , this is not an argument for Germany 's dreaded `` transfer union '' -- ongoing transfers to countries like Greece .
It is an argument for temporary transfers to countries like Spain , which balanced its budgets prior to the crisis but then was hit by the housing slump and recession .
Interest rates in many countries are already near zero .
And all countries ca n't depreciate their exchange rates at the same time .
They understand that their countries ' fiscal positions are unsustainable .
In these countries , there is therefore no reason to think that fiscal consolidation would have a strong positive effect on confidence .
A further problem is that these exercises rarely address the implications of national policies for third countries and the international system .
But so long as big countries , which are the main source of spillovers , show little inclination to act on the Fund 's recommendations , it is not clear that this analytical step forward will be a practical step forward as well .
This would generalize and extend its Flexible Credit Line -LRB- FCL -RRB- , under which countries with impeccable credentials are prequalified for automatic access to IMF credit without having to accept onerous conditions .
Unfortunately , only three countries -- Mexico , Colombia , and Poland -- have signed up for an FCL .
Augmenting an FCL for countries with impeccably strong policies with a PCL for countries with reasonably strong policies might break this deadlock .
The stigma problem could then be addressed if the IMF was authorized to pre-qualify unilaterally a swath of countries for one facility or the other .
This danger would be attenuated if pre-qualification was not a yes-or-no decision : if there were a range of facilities for which countries could be pre-qualified , they could be moved between them as circumstances changed .
Countries seeking additional reserves will not be forced to accumulate only -- or even mainly -- dollars .
Indeed , there are good reasons for worrying that the US and other advanced countries will now be consigned to a long period of sub-par growth .
In Britain , where coalminers were unemployed in large numbers , the expansion of the motor-vehicle and engineering industries was hindered by a shortage of skilled mechanics .
In fact , it was not countries experiencing the worst economic downturns and the highest unemployment rates that raised tariffs and tightened quotas most dramatically in the 1930 's .
Comparing countries , there was no relationship between either the depth and duration of the output collapse and the increase in levels of protection , or the magnitude of the rise in unemployment and the extent of protectionism .
The reason why countries hit harder in the 1930 's were not more inclined to respond by protecting industry from foreign competition is straightforward .
In the 1930 's , the countries that raised their tariffs and tightened their quotas the most were those with the least ability to manage their exchange rates -- namely , countries that remained on the gold standard .
In 1931 , after Britain and some two dozen other countries suspended gold convertibility and allowed their currencies to depreciate , countries that stuck to the gold standard found themselves in a deflationary vice .
By contrast , countries that loosened monetary policies and reflated not only stabilized their financial systems more effectively and recovered faster , but also avoided the toxic protectionism of the day .
Today , the United States is in the position of the gold-standard countries in the 1930 's .
In the deflationary 1930 's , the most important way that countries could subdue protectionist pressure was to use monetary policy actively to push up the price level and stimulate economic recovery .
After all , it is entirely natural for late-developing countries to grow rapidly , as is true of China today .
Britain was slow to move from the old industries of the first Industrial Revolution into modern sectors like electrical engineering , which impeded the adoption of mass-production methods .
The same story can be told about other new industries like synthetic chemicals , dyestuffs , and telephony , in all of which Britain failed to establish a foothold .
The rise of new economic powers with lower costs made employment loss in old industries like textiles , iron and steel , and shipbuilding inevitable .
But Britain 's signal failure was in not replacing these old nineteenth-century industries with new twentieth-century successors .
But , since none of these countries has a national currency to devalue , they must substitute internal devaluation for external devaluation .
The crisis countries have , in fact , shown remarkable resolve in implementing painful cuts .
This simple fact creates a fundamental contradiction for the internal devaluation strategy : the more that countries reduce wages and costs , the heavier their inherited debt loads become .
Where their obligations are held by foreigners , and by foreign banks in particular , writing them down may only destabilize other countries .
Second , countries must move together .
Again , making this work requires European countries to move together .
Europe 's inflation problem was a byproduct of its central banks ' reluctance to tighten policy more aggressively , and European countries ' hesitancy to let their currencies rise , reflecting their long-standing commitment to export-led growth .
But , with other countries having enjoyed two decades of export-led growth as a result of pegging their currencies to the dollar , there was a reluctance to mess with success .
While the IMF , in a high-profile report on exchange rates in mid-1970 , endorsed the principle of greater flexibility , it offered no new ideas for getting countries to move in this direction and proposed no new sanctions against countries that resisted .
But the French have not indicated that they will push for sanctions against chronic surplus countries that fail to adjust their currencies .
That said , there is no question that the upheavals in both countries -- and elsewhere in the Arab world -- largely reflect their governments ' failure to share the wealth .
Annual growth since 1999 has averaged 5.1 % in Egypt , and 4.6 % in Tunisia -- not Chinese-style growth rates , to be sure , but comparable nonetheless to emerging-market countries like Brazil and Indonesia , which are now widely viewed as economic successes .
Keynes failed in his quest to endow the IMF with the power to create a new international reserve unit as an alternative to the dollar . And he failed to secure agreement on measures that might force surplus as well as deficit countries , and the issuer of the international currency as well as its users , to adjust .
Countries that run chronic external surpluses , like China , and countries whose currencies are widely used internationally , like the US , do not face the same pressure as other countries to correct their policies when economic imbalances arise .
In countries like Italy , already suffering from Chinese competition , and Spain , which is experiencing a massive housing bust , the pain will be excruciating .
They see how countries like Denmark that maintained their own currencies have been forced to raise interest rates to defend their exchange rates when the United States Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank are cutting interest rates .
Similarly , the euro-collapse scenario in which such countries successfully pressure the ECB to inflate , compelling Germany to abandon the euro , has shown no signs of developing .
Indeed , there are already signs of countries not even in the European Union , notably Iceland and Switzerland , contemplating accession as a step toward adopting the euro and resolving their financial dilemma .
Recall the plight of the European countries that received aid from the United States after World War II .
With that support in place , the recipient countries could do the rest .
They will warn that other EU countries like Portugal will refuse to undertake more reform , retrenchment , and repayment unless they receive similar largesse .
Europeans might usefully look back 60 years , to a time when their own countries , perched on the brink of a similar collapse , received the help that they needed to recover -- help that has put them in a position to do something similar for Greece today .
The crisis of confidence has infected the eurozone 's big countries .
In the case of countries with poor fiscal positions , Europe 's rescue fund , the European Financial Stability Facility , can lend for this purpose .
Other EU countries , led by France and Germany , can provide foreign aid .
Those credits can be converted into dollars and other currencies at the Fund , and can be used in official transactions among IMF member countries . But they can not be used in the other transactions in which central banks and governments engage .
It could issue its own SDR-denominated bonds . Better still , it could encourage other G-20 countries to do likewise .
At the moment , countries holding 85 % of IMF voting power must agree before SDRs can be issued , which is no recipe for liquidity .
The other , already being pushed by former and current US officials like Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , will blame the immense pool of liquidity generated by high-savings countries in East Asia and the Middle East .
Whether there is a permanent reduction in global imbalances will depend mainly on decisions taken outside the US , specifically in countries like China .
One 's forecast of those decisions hinges , in turn , on why these other countries came to run such large surpluses in the first place .
Also significant , we are told , is the agreement to make decisions by simple majority , with countries ' votes to be roughly in proportion to their contributions .
This means that no single country can block action , in contrast to the IMF executive board , which makes decisions by consensus , giving large countries like the United States de facto veto power .
Countries putting money on the barrelhead want assurances that their resources will not be used frivolously , and they want to know that they will be repaid .
Delinking the CMIM from the IMF will require Asian countries to undertake hard-hitting reviews of one another 's policies and to demand difficult policy adjustments .
If Asian countries succumb , global imbalances and all their associated problems will return .
Only by working together can the two countries lead the world economy out of its current doldrums .
The IMF 's first role is to assist countries that , as a result of domestic policies , experience balance-of-payments crises .
Countries have accumulated large reserves in order to insure against shocks . This is costly for poor economies , which could better use the resources for investment and consumption .
It would be more efficient to pool the reserves of countries that need them at different times .
The IMF has moved in this direction by creating a Short-Term Liquidity Facility through which countries with strong policies can draw from the Fund up to five times their quota without conditionality .
The IMF should categorically announce which countries qualify for the facility , automatically making them members of the pool .
Small countries are subject to market discipline , as any Latvian will tell you .
But , as the sub-prime mortgage debacle reminds us , large countries ' policies can place the global financial system at risk .
Emerging Markets and Global Financial Reform BERKELEY -- It is fitting that the upcoming G-20 summit is being held in Pittsburg , an old industrial center of an advanced industrial country , for the advanced countries have been allowed to set the agenda for strengthening financial systems .
They can argue that this is not their problem -- that the crisis of the last two years has been centered in the advanced economies , and that it is these countries ' financial systems that need to be fixed .
Until now , the international regime , led by the IMF and OECD , has pushed countries to allow foreign banks to enter their markets .
Other things being equal , cross-border lending fell less in countries with significant foreign-bank presence than in emerging markets where foreign ownership of banks was not dominant .
Some will say that Baltic and Southeast European countries were fortunate that responsible Swedish and Austrian banks , rather than their toxic US and British counterparts , had entered their markets .
Countries with more developed bond markets experienced less negative fallout from the crisis , since their large firms retained access to non-bank sources of finance .
The introduction of the euro in 1999 , it was claimed , would narrow the economic differences between the member countries of the monetary union .
The euro became the common currency of very wealthy countries , such as Germany and the Netherlands , and much poorer countries , such as Greece and Portugal .
We have compared the performance of the best-performing and worst-performing euro-zone countries between 1999 and 2009 .
To avoid comparing apples and oranges , we have compared the data for the 11 countries that were included in the first wave in 1999 , supplemented by Greece , which joined shortly thereafter . -LRB- All data are from Eurostat , the European statistics bureau . -RRB-
In 1999 , the difference between the euro-zone countries with the lowest and highest inflation rate was two percentage points .
Increasing tensions between the euro countries on economic policy are likely , as are growing rifts within the ECB governing council in the coming years .
Tensions at the ECB and between the euro-zone countries do not bode well for the stability of the common currency , both externally , vis-à-vis other currencies , and internally , in terms of inflation .
If it keeps its interest rate too low for too long , countries like Germany and the Netherlands will protest .
If it hikes the interest rate , the southern euro-zone countries will complain .
But , owing to the financial and economic crisis , the current decade will be remembered as the decade of public debt , and in some countries or regions , maybe even the decade of permanent fiscal derailment if nothing is done .
In the European Union , for example , public debt in the most important eurozone and EU countries would rise to 100 % of GDP or more in the next ten years alone .
That effect , however , has to come on top of withdrawing the current fiscal stimulus that all countries have implemented .
But , for some countries , such as Greece , Ireland , and Spain , this would not be enough to reach sustainable debt levels in 2020 .
Re-negotiating the Nice Treaty would not be an option . This would open a Pandora 's box of demands from all other countries .
It would be an irony of historic proportions if a country that has benefited more than most others from EU integration should block the entry of countries in even more desperate conditions than Ireland was 30 years ago .
Europe must accept the Central and Eastern European candidate countries into the Union , and must do so now .
The education system has lagged the progress made in other countries .
Such political paralysis on key economic issues is increasingly unsettling for the US private sector , and for other countries that rely on a strong US at the core of the global economy .
This helps to explain why so many companies continue to hoard cash , rather than investing domestically , and why a growing number of countries want to diversify gradually away from dependence on the dollar as the reserve currency and on US financial markets for intermediation of their hard-earned savings .
It also believed that the core countries would relieve the ECB burden of mounting bailout costs .
It involves creating a smaller and more economically coherent eurozone , which would consist of core and near-core countries within a tighter fiscal union and more credible defenses against contagion .
In the world of old , the West 's economic malaise already would have pulled the rug from beneath most emerging-market countries .
Indeed , the conventional wisdom -- supported by many painful experiences -- was that when the industrial countries sneezed , the emerging world caught a cold .
Today , however , several -LRB- though not all -RRB- emerging-market countries are benefiting from years of considerable efforts to reduce their financial vulnerability by accumulating huge amounts of international reserves .
This sharp balance-sheet improvement has been instrumental in enabling emerging countries to bounce back strongly from the 2008-2009 global financial crisis , whereas the West continues to hobble along .
Today 's emerging countries have considerable policy flexibility and much greater latitude to act than they had in the past .
Moreover , a counter-cyclical policy would signal to the world these countries ' willingness to take on global responsibilities .
Despite their strong fundamentals , emerging countries still feel vulnerable in the face of the West 's economic weakness , policy shortfalls , and political paralysis .
The first was that Russia has reestablished a `` sphere of interest '' in Europe , where countries are no longer allowed to pursue their own goals without Moscow accepting them .
The second signal was sent when Greece successfully vetoed membership for Macedonia , a move that reflected the two countries ' unresolved conflict over Macedonia 's name -LRB- which Greece insists must be Former Yugoslav Republic Of Macedonia -- FYROM -- one of the most disgraceful acronyms harassing international politics today -RRB- .
But the Kremlin has found that behaving like a spoiled child gets results : the right to influence developments in ex-Soviet countries .
Russia has valid concerns regarding the huge Russian-speaking minorities in both countries , and these concerns are best dealt within the framework of the MAP process , where the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe 's very strict rules on treatment of minorities provide the benchmark .
This has led Russia to pursue a classic `` divide and rule '' strategy by tempting some big European countries into bilateral agreements -- particularly on energy issues -- that preclude a common EU position .
But it is saddest for the countries that are once again being left out in the cold .
NATO is supposed to be a beacon for countries struggling to establish democracy and freedom .
But to the three Baltic countries the end of WWII led to half a century of occupation and lost opportunities .
We know to day the cause : the secret protocol to the Treaty of Non-aggression between the Soviet Union and Nazi-Germany , signed in 1939 -- the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact -- defining the spheres of interest of the two dictatorships in eastern Europe which led to the war with Finland , the occupations of the Baltic countries , the assault on and division of Poland , and probably also the occupations of Norway and Denmark .
That it why it will continue to haunt us , continue to disturb normal relations between the countries in this region with so much unused potential , as long as we do not deal with it in a forthright manner .
You can not build lasting future relations between countries that have each in their own way suffered so much , without coming to terms with the past .
Such denial is in no one 's interest . Not in the kind of Europe we still have to build -- a Europe where big and small countries are assured that they share the same rights and obligations , where minorities feel safe , where basic human rights are accepted as an inextricable part of our political system , and where neighbors are regarded with respect and expectations , not fear and anxiety .
Even current EU members feel abandoned by the Union : there is a growing sense in the three Baltic Countries , Poland , and Hungary that the EU is allowing them to be squeezed by Russia , particularly on energy policy .
Of course , EU membership gives these countries a greater sense of security .
Other post-Soviet countries are also experiencing internal pressure to re-orient themselves towards Russia and feel abandoned by the EU .
Both countries suffer from Russian trade embargoes on their most important export products -- wines and foodstuffs .
Moreover , Russia is hinting at the many worries within EU countries about potential demands for self-rule , by , for example , the Basques in Spain , the Turks in northern Cyprus , and the large Hungarian minorities in Romania and Slovakia .
All of these countries are now acting with great hesitation in the debate about Kosovo , clearly influenced by Russian warnings about `` setting a precedent . ''
On April 9th , foreign ministers from the EU , Russia , and other countries from the Baltic Sea Region will meet in Luxembourg to review implementation of the so-called Northern Dimension Action Plan and provide political guidance for developing this initiative .
Such could provide inspiration for the entire region , including its postcommunist countries , where a huge potential for growth exists .
The driving force , however , can only be an understanding that EU enlargement must be regarded as a win-win situation for all countries involved directly or indirectly - including Russia .
To secure regional stability , Russia must be convinced that all countries have the right to choose the international organizations in which they wish to be members .
A recent study presented at the Baltic Development Forum suggested that , if Poland and the three Baltic countries become EU members in 2003 and continue their efforts to catch up economically with the rest of the Union , annual growth in their GDP can be 2-4 % higher than the EU-average .
In the coming decade , Poland might double its GDP , the Baltic countries increase their GDP by 60 % .
It assures the three small Baltic countries that the nightmare of occupation by big neighbors -LRB- Hitler 's Reich and Stalin 's USSR -RRB- , which they endured for half-a-century -- will not be repeated .
Expansion will also create a better Europe because enlargement widens the territory in which countries are committed to NATO 's political values , including individual rights as well as the rights of minorities .
Rightly so : enlargement of NATO is not an `` expansion '' that threatens Russia or other countries which strive for democratic political reforms .
But this is no cause for complacency . For the really hard work is only now beginning : dealing with all the internal practical and political problems that these enlargements will bring , as well as reckoning with countries in the membership waiting rooms , in particular Russia .
In a wider context this could lead to a strengthening of the so-called Northern Dimension of the EU , where the goal is a free trade area to include all the countries around the Baltic Sea .
In particular , the leaders of `` Old Europe '' have been reluctant to open up their coffers for the countries of `` New Europe . ''
The leaders of the well established European democracies must explain to their own voters that enlargement has greatly benefited them , and that it will also be to their benefit to share the responsibilities and costs of steering the hardest-hit countries through the crisis .
Today , after five years of much stronger growth among the newcomers , their combined GNP is somewhat smaller than that of the Benelux countries .
These cuts are coming at a time when European efforts to shoulder a fair share of the Western defense burden have been cast in doubt -- not least in Afghanistan , where most European countries have limited their participation by insisting on a myriad of `` caveats '' that usually serve to keep their troops far from the most dangerous zones .
It is often half-jokingly pointed out that the number of generals and admirals in some European countries -LRB- none mentioned , none forgotten -RRB- is glaringly disproportionate to the number of fighting troops .
European military effectiveness is also curbed by different procurement policies , as those countries that produce military hardware prefer to keep orders at home .
But the value of the new `` Paris-London Entente '' will be limited if both countries cut their defense expenditures so much that their combined strength remains at best unchanged . That Britain plans to fund construction of a new aircraft carrier , but not the planes to fly off of it , suggests that resources for the new entente will be sorely lacking .
French President Jacques Chirac has alarmed the EU candidate countries of Central and Eastern Europe .
Then the French president assumed the role of kindergarten instructor vis-à-vis what he called `` badly brought up '' candidate countries , telling them that they were `` ill-behaved '' and that `` they missed a great opportunity to shut up . ''
I have long worked to secure a `` much more common '' foreign policy within the EU . Therefore I am worried by today 's split within the EU as well as between some member countries and the US over Iraq .
The history of Franco-German reconciliation is impressive indeed . But it can no longer be taken for granted that other EU countries will automatically ratify the agreements that they reach between themselves as the lodestar for common policies .
Enlargement of the EU with a number of Central and Eastern European countries will strengthen resistance to Franco-German initiatives in this direction .
The letter from the eight European leaders -- and the later statement from the `` Vilnius Ten '' group of Central and Eastern European countries -- demonstrated that France -LRB- and Germany -RRB- can not dictate a European agenda that creates transatlantic rifts .
Stimulating Equality NEW YORK -- With unemployment climbing in the United States and other OECD countries , job creation is a key objective for policymakers .
That lesson is even more powerful for other advanced countries like Germany and France , which spend a far higher percentage of GDP on public programs -LRB- 35 % and 43 % , respectively , in 2005 -RRB- than the US -LRB- only 25 % -RRB- .
The world should continue to flood the Chinese market , and those of other countries that restrict freedom of expression , with cutting-edge technology .
Low-income countries can develop democracy , but they have a tough time maintaining it .
Countries with per capita incomes close to the current Russian level sustain democracy for 15-20 years on average .
The Kremlin black art of manipulating elections by deception and other means -- called `` political technology '' by locals -- will now be used only in other countries ' elections in , as these are the only real elections the Kremlin has to worry about , so neutered have Russia 's own votes become .
When battles were lost , talks began . These talks eventually resulted in the formation of respected countries , from Italy in the nineteenth century , to India in the middle of the twentieth century , to Eritrea near that century 's end .
Both led their countries into traps with which their successors must deal .
Instead , he includes all citizens of the USSR who died during the war , including millions of Ukrainians , Belarusians , and others . And , when the USSR annexed the Baltic countries , Königsberg , parts of Poland , Finland , Moldova , and Japan , their citizens , too , became Soviet compatriots .
Russia , Prokhorov concludes , is a feudal society , with Putin 's political monopoly and economic mismanagement exacerbating the so-called `` natural-resource curse '' that afflicts many oil-exporting countries .
Bringing the UK to Europe 's Core BRUSSELS -- The European Union 's core countries these days , besides the original six founders , are the 15 member states that make up the European Monetary Union . They have converging economies and coordinated monetary and fiscal policies .
But other European countries must also understand British arguments in favor of the UK maintaining its own currency , given London 's importance as an international financial center as well as its privileged relations with more than 50 Commonwealth countries .
The euro zone should therefore offer the UK an honorable compromise in which Britain would be allowed to become a full member of the EMU and take a seat in all of its institutions like the European Central Bank and the ministerial Eurogroup , while also being able to keep the pound in its relations with third countries .
The euro would , however , have to be accepted as legal tender in the UK , alongside the pound , and in the commonwealth countries , and this would demand close cooperation between the Bank of England and the ECB .
The outer circles are the transition countries , while the rings around the center would be EU countries that still refuse to join the EMU , or do not yet fulfill all the conditions , like Romania and Bulgaria , or eventually the western Balkan countries and Turkey .
The Saturn model puts the present fierce debate on enlargement and the borders of Europe into a totally different context , because the core countries would no longer find themselves being asked to accept a Europe divided into different classes of member states .
The positioning of EU countries on the rings around the core would be transitory , with the aim being to facilitate overall convergence .
Given the impact of globalization and the direct challenge to the EU implied by competition from countries like China and India , the European economy needs to become more innovative .
Finally , the leverage of financial investments remains very low compared to other countries .
The market vacuum caused by the exit of Chinese products would probably be filled quickly by other low-cost countries like Vietnam and India .
American companies can not compete with these countries either . So no new jobs would be added in the US , but the inflation rate would increase .
While some countries are still dealing with economic crisis or its aftermath , China 's challenge is -- once again -- how to manage a boom .
In late 2007 , when GDP growth hit 13 % , the government adopted more restrictive anti-bubble policies in industries -LRB- steel , for example -RRB- and asset markets -LRB- real estate -RRB- , which set the stage for an early correction .
But it seems that what they have been doing in practice happened to be better than what their counterparts in some other countries were doing -- a lot on `` de-regulation , '' but too little on cooling things down when the economy was booming and bubbles were forming .
Countries that save too much export too much , according to conventional wisdom , resulting in high trade surpluses and growing foreign-exchange reserves .
And savings are particularly good for developing countries .
One of the most daunting challenges for poor countries is the need to accumulate investment capital under conditions of low savings without incurring too much foreign debt .
In any meaningful international comparison , China 's per capita stock of physical capital is still 8-10 times lower than in advanced countries like the United States and Japan .
If a developing country has high savings -LRB- despite efforts to increase current consumption -RRB- as a result of structural factors , the best strategy is not to reduce savings through short-run `` external shocks , '' such as dramatic exchange-rate appreciation , which may kill export industries overnight .
BEIJING -- China 's Henan province has a population of about 100 million -- larger than that of most countries .
Among the large continental countries , including India and Brazil , only China has a small segment of coastline but vast interior regions .
China may have more and larger high-tech and service industries -- sectors that do not depend so heavily on transport -- in the future .
Most developed countries underwent great domestic migrations as they modernized , with 80 % of their populations eventually re-allocated to coastal regions .
This will sustain , if not deepen , global disparities , especially given northern countries ' unwillingness to allow free international migration .
The old generation of farmers may stay put , but younger generations will continue to leave the land , creating a seemingly infinite supply of labor , which suppresses wages in all industries and services for lower-educated workers .
All the lessons from developing countries from the 1950 's through the 1980 's , and recent lessons from some advanced developed countries , tell us that over-burdening social programs with too great a focus on redistribution may cause large fiscal deficits , debt crises , hyper-inflation , or financial meltdown , with the end result being not a narrowing of disparity but an enlargement .
First , unlike in some other countries , Chinese commercial banks are paid reasonable interest rates on required reserves , except for the `` extra reserves '' that they hold .
But it is still unsatisfactory , because most other countries at a similar stage of development experienced faster urbanization than industrialization .
Another striking difference between China and some other developing countries is that Chinese cities , large and small , lack any sign of significant urban poverty or slums .
If rural workers have financial difficulties , which in other countries often lead to land sales , they can work harder to find other jobs or seek government help .
This goes a long way toward explaining why China 's urbanization has lagged : the system of land tenure -- which seems impossible to replicate in other developing countries -- ensures that the reservoir of labor for industrialization and urbanization remains located in country villages , rather than in city slums .
The jobs issue could be exploited further by citing poor working conditions , low wages , child labor , and other problems commonly found in developing countries .
After all , most US voters can be trusted not to learn how other countries , let alone countries in the Far East , really work .
In the worst hit parts of India , Indonesia , Sri Lanka , and Thailand , the immediate interior was unaffected , while the tourism and fishing industries -- the lifeblood of wrecked coastal areas -- account for only a tiny share of these countries ' GDP , as liberalizing reforms have fueled economic diversification and rapid growth .
This is one reason why , after Mao Zedong 's communists triumphed in China in 1949 and other Asian nations gained independence , most Asian countries adopted protectionist inward-looking economic policies aimed at building domestic strength , keeping the `` imperialists '' out , and achieving self-reliance .
Both countries were signatories of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade -LRB- GATT , the precursor to today 's World Trade Organization -RRB- in 1948 , but China under Mao subsequently left .
Asia 's current share of global GDP -LRB- about 38 % -RRB- is still far from what it was in 1820 , but both countries feel that they can -- and must -- participate in calling the global shots .
It took China 's government a protracted sixteen years to negotiate its re-entry into the GATT\/WTO , but it soon showed its mettle by assuming joint leadership -LRB- along with Brazil , India , and South Africa -RRB- of the G-20 , a group of primarily dynamic developing countries that threw down the gauntlet to the industrialized powers at the Cancún WTO ministerial meeting in September 2003 .
Little wonder , then that these countries accept the imperative of a dynamic , open , growth-oriented , and job-creating global environment .
In the face of relentless demand-side pressure , driven mainly by high-growth countries like China and India , some predict stratospheric energy prices , supply shortages , economic and social hardship , and even resource wars .
Despite the successes in treating HIV\/AIDS in the United States and other developed countries , it is clear that efforts to combat the pandemic must be scaled up in Africa , Asia , and other parts of the world where HIV\/AIDS exacts its greatest toll .
Programs such as the President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief , the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis , and Malaria , and philanthropies like the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and the Clinton Foundation have helped make drugs available to treat 2 million people infected with HIV in lower - and middle-income countries .
But fewer than 25 % of the people in these countries who need antiretroviral drugs are receiving them .
We conducted a systematic review of published reports to identify the factors that cause unsuccessful TB treatment in Europe . Twenty-six papers were included in the review , covering 13 countries -LRB- the former USSR , the Czech Republic , Poland , and Romania in Eastern Europe , and Denmark , France , Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Northern Ireland , Spain , Sweden , and Switzerland in Western Europe -RRB- in the period from 1988-2001 .
I also believe that there is a relationship between the need for therapy and the political choices that countries make .
The DOTS strategy is not implemented in all European countries , owing in part to disagreement about whether treatment is a duty or a right .
China and India account for just over half of this increase , with Middle East countries contributing a further 11 % to demand .
Non-OECD countries account for 87 % of the increase , so their share of world primary energy demand will rise from 51 % to 62 % .
Most oil production increases are expected to come from just a few countries -- mainly in the Middle East , but also Canada with its vast oil-sands reserves , the Caspian region , and Brazil .
The trend by which consuming countries grow steadily more reliant on energy from a small number of producing countries threatens to exacerbate energy-security worries .
As a small group of countries increasingly accounts for the world 's remaining oil reserves , their market dominance may threaten the pace of investment .
Three-quarters of the extra CO2 will come from China , India , and the Middle East , and as much as 97 % from non-OECD countries as a whole -- although non-OECD per capita emissions will still be far lower on average than in the OECD .
The 2030 emissions level for the entire world would be less than the emissions projected for non-OECD countries alone in the Reference Scenario .
In other words , even if OECD countries reduce their emissions to zero , they alone could not put the world onto the 450-ppm trajectory .
Clear price signals , including carbon pricing , are crucial , and many non-OECD countries , in addition to needing financial support to help reduce their greenhouse gas emissions , can benefit from the removal of fuel subsidies .
GM crops that resist certain pests and tolerate herbicides have gained rapid acceptance in many countries .
According to the International Service for the Acquisition of Agri-biotech Applications -LRB- ISAAA -RRB- , GM crop adoption is growing at double-digit rates , reaching 114.3 million hectares in 23 countries in 2007 .
But the use of molecular techniques to improve crop plants continues to be rejected emphatically by many countries in Europe , by Japan , and -- most tragically -- by many African countries .
Citizens of many urbanized , developed countries have grown nostalgic , increasingly convinced that organic farming , a throwback to nineteenth-century agriculture , produces nutritionally superior food -LRB- it does n't -RRB- and can solve the world 's food problems -LRB- it ca n't -RRB- .
For , by taking the steps called for in the Nuclear Posture Review -- specifically , developing `` new capabilities ... to defeat emerging threats , '' including `` extensive research and timely fielding of new systems to address these challenges '' -- the Bush administration is lowering the threshold for the possible use of nuclear weapons by the US or other countries .
At a time when the US brands as `` evil '' certain countries based , in part , on their pursuit of nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction , it must be especially careful in how it considers its own options and contingencies regarding nuclear weapons .
The pressure on China is , however , entirely consistent with the broader US policy of encouraging countries to allow the financial market to determine their currencies ' exchange rate .
Second , since the US has a large trade deficit that can only be cured by a more competitive dollar -LRB- while the euro-zone countries collectively have a trade surplus -RRB- , investors expect a trend decline in the dollar .
This is not an easy task , because the European Central Bank must remain vigilant about rising inflation , and because many EU countries maintain large fiscal deficits .
It is with this in mind that representatives of more than 150 countries are scheduled to meet in Copenhagen in December to discuss ways to reduce CO2 emissions .
When the permit prices become large enough to have a significant effect on CO2 emissions , there will be political pressure to introduce tariffs on imports that offset the advantage of countries with low permit prices .
Such offsetting tariffs would have to differ among products -LRB- being higher on more CO2-intensive products -RRB- and among countries -LRB- being higher for countries with low permit prices -RRB- .
Such complexities make it impossible to compare the impact of CO2 policies among countries , which in turn would invite those who want to protect domestic jobs to argue for higher tariff levels .
If an international agreement to impose a cap-and-trade scheme is adopted in Copenhagen , the countries there should agree as well that there will be no attempt to introduce offsetting tariffs that would ultimately threaten our global system of free trade .
While a 6.9 % saving rate is not high in comparison to that of many other countries , it is a dramatic shift from the household-saving rate of less than 1 % that the United States experienced in 2005 , 2006 , and 2007 .
The G-20 's Empty Promises CAMBRIDGE -- Talk about `` exit strategies '' will be high on the agenda when the heads of the G-20 countries gather in Pittsburgh a few days from now .
So the political promises in Pittsburgh about monetary policy are really just statements of governments ' confidence that their countries ' respective monetary authorities will act in appropriate ways .
But , instead of raising revenue by auctioning the emission permits , Obama has agreed to distribute them without charge to favored industries in order to attract enough congressional votes .
Finally , regulations were reduced in a wide range of industries , including air transport and the financial sector .
She privatized the major government-owned industries and sold government-owned housing to tenants .
No one is proposing to renationalize industries or to take back that housing .
That happened in a number of countries in the 1970 's and 1980 's .
Large budget deficits have led to high inflation in countries that are forced to create money to finance those deficits because they can not sell longer-term government bonds .
The other eurozone countries are not as competitive as Germany at today 's exchange rate .
First , the oil-producing countries and China will continue to export substantially more than they import .
Their net foreign earnings must be invested in foreign countries ' stocks and bonds .
While much of that investment will flow to the US , the surplus countries want to diversify their investment of these new net export earnings . The eurozone provides the only large capital market other than the US for such investments .
Second , countries with large accumulations of dollar reserves will be shifting substantial fractions of those reserves into euros .
These and other countries with very large foreign-exchange balances are beginning to diversify their holdings from dollars to euros , a process that will continue and that will inevitably cause the euro to rise relative to the dollar .
And I also know that the complementary pressures on Europe to import funds , and on surplus countries to diversify their currency holdings , will make European travel increasingly expensive in dollar terms .
But , because Greek euro bonds were regarded as a close substitute for other countries ' euro bonds , the interest rate on Greek bonds did not rise as Greece increased its borrowing -- until the market began to fear a possible default .
The combination of credits from the other eurozone countries and lending by the IMF may provide enough liquidity to stave off default for a while .
The attempt to establish a single currency for 16 separate and quite different countries was bound to fail .
The shift to a single currency meant that the individual member countries lost the ability to control monetary policy and interest rates in order to respond to national economic conditions . It also meant that each country 's exchange rate could no longer respond to the cumulative effects of differences in productivity and global demand trends .
When the textile and shoe industries in America 's northeastern states died , workers moved to the West , where new industries were growing .
Moreover , wage flexibility meant that substantially slower wage growth in the states that lost industries helped to attract and retain other industries .
The European Central Bank must set monetary policy for the eurozone as a whole , even if that policy is highly inappropriate for some member countries .
The recent collapse of those bubbles caused sharp downturns in economic activity and substantial increases in unemployment in both countries .
The introduction of the euro , with its implication of a low common rate of inflation , caused sharp declines in interest rates in Greece and several other countries that had previously had high rates .
Those countries succumbed to the resulting temptation to increase government borrowing , driving the ratio of government debt to GDP to more than 100 % in Greece and Italy .
Until recently , the bond markets treated all euro sovereign debts as virtually equal , not raising interest rates on high-debt countries until the possibility of default became clear .
The euro was promoted as necessary for free trade among the member countries under the slogan `` One Market , One Money . ''
Japan , South Korea , and other major Asian trading countries have very flexible exchange rates .
In retrospect , it is clear that some of the countries were allowed to join prematurely , when they still had massive budget deficits and high debt-to-GDP ratios .
Moreover , some countries ' industrial composition and low rates of productivity growth mean that a fixed exchange rate would doom them to increasingly large trade deficits .
But , even with a smaller group of member countries and some changes in budget procedures , the fundamental problems of forcing disparate countries to live with a single monetary policy and a single exchange rate will remain .
But such a strategy can work only in countries where the duration of the government 's debt is long and the interest rate on that debt is fixed .
That would mean lower imports , creating a potential problem for countries that depend for their employment on exporting to the US .
A competitive dollar abroad means that other countries should not implement policies that artificially depress the value of their currencies in order to promote exports and deter imports .
In recent years , countries around the world have accumulated very large volumes of foreign exchange , topped by China with more than $ 2 trillion , but including hundreds of billions of dollars held by Korea , Taiwan , Singapore , India , and the oil-producing countries .
The US dollar is and will remain these countries ' major investment currency , reflecting the depth of the US capital market and the relatively favorable outlook for US government policies .
Countries with large reserves are now overweight dollars , and their effort to balance risks will cause the value of the euro to rise again relative to the dollar .
First , some background . Japan was long famous for having the highest saving rate among the industrial countries .
But Japan maintains a current-account surplus and continues to send more than 3 % of its GDP abroad , providing more than $ 175 billion of funds this year for other countries to borrow .
And if Japan 's domestic net saving surplus vanishes , the current $ 175 billion of capital outflow would no longer be available to other countries , while Japan might itself become a net drain on global savings .
CAMBRIDGE -- The United States ' import bill now exceeds $ 2.4 trillion a year , more than twice that of China and greater than that of the 27 European Union countries combined .
Since the volume of US imports varies with the overall strength of the American economy , so does the volume of other countries ' exports .
In particular , since the European Central Bank has clearly rejected quantitative easing , investors will want to buy euro bonds issued by Germany and other European countries that are not in danger of default .
South Korea , Brazil , and other emerging-market countries are also attractive diversification investments , causing their currencies to appreciate .
Investors in the US and other countries can not buy either renminbi or renminbi-denominated bonds in the way that they can buy other currencies .
The overall trade-weighted value of the renminbi has thus declined significantly , particularly relative to the currencies of the emerging-market countries with which Chinese producers compete .
There will also be more emphasis on expanding service industries and less on manufacturing .
The future reduction in China 's saving will therefore mean a reduction in China 's current-account surplus -- and thus in its ability to lend to the US and other countries .
Greece 's imports now exceed its exports by more than 4 % of its GDP , the largest trade deficit among eurozone member countries .
So Greece faces the difficult task of lowering the prices of its goods and services relative to those in other countries by other means , namely a large cut in the wages and salaries of Greek private-sector employees .
To maintain price competitiveness , the gap between Greek wage growth and the rise in Greek productivity -- i.e. , output per employee hour -- must not be greater than the gap in other eurozone countries .
And that has happened precisely because wages have been rising faster in Greece , relative to productivity growth , than in other eurozone countries .
The countries that faced similar problems in other parts of the world always combined fiscal contractions with currency devaluations , which membership in a monetary union rules out .
A temporary leave of absence from the eurozone would allow Greece to achieve a price-level decline relative to other eurozone countries , and would make it easier to adjust the relative price level if Greek wages can not be limited .
It would also allow other Asian countries to let their currencies rise or expand their exports at the expense of Chinese producers .
Looking at the full range of countries with which China trades implies that the overall value of the renminbi probably declined in the past 12 months .
Such a strategy of `` default and devalue '' has been standard fare for countries in other parts of the world when they were faced with unmanageably large government debt and a chronic current-account deficit .
The second , and more important , reason for the Franco-German struggle to postpone a Greek default is the risk that a Greek default would induce sovereign defaults in other countries and runs on other banking systems , particularly in Spain and Italy .
A default by either of those large countries would have disastrous implications for the banks and other financial institutions in France and Germany .
But the larger countries would be able to fund themselves at reasonable interest rates , and the current eurozone system could continue .
And even before that default occurs , interest rates on Spanish or Italian debt could rise sharply , putting these countries on a financially impossible path .
While the crisis could strengthen the institutions provided by the EMU , it could also create multiple risks , of which member countries need to be aware if they want to avoid them .
The primary problem is that conditions in individual EMU members may develop in such different ways that some national political leaders could be tempted to conclude that their countries would be better served by adopting a mix of policies different from that of the other members .
Whatever the logic of that proposition , it would open the door to much greater income redistribution . High-income countries might find that reason enough to want out .
That is clearly a substantial risk if the country is Germany or France . But even if it is one of the smaller countries , it might be a serious threat because it could be seen as the beginning of the end .
But there is also a risk that some politicians act solely out of self-interest , seizing on the economic downturn as an opportunity to get elected by promising to withdraw the country from the EMU , or by saying that they will threaten to do so if the other member countries do not agree to their proposed policy changes .
Deflation Doldrums ? CAMBRIDGE -- The rate of inflation is now close to zero in the United States and several other major countries . The Economist recently reported that economists it had surveyed predict that consumer prices in the US and Japan will actually fall for 2009 as a whole , while inflation in the euro zone will be only 0.6 % .
Industrial production is falling at double-digit rates in the negative-inflation countries , and the price index for all commodities is down more than 30 % over the past year .
Switzerland 's pragmatic approach to drug abuse has nonetheless yielded significant lessons that are applicable to the US , Russia , and the many other drug - and HIV\/AIDS-ravaged countries over which they wield significant influence .
Switzerland , Portugal , and other countries have demonstrated that there is a better way forward , combining pragmatism and cost effectiveness with compassion and respect for human rights .
This makes Moldova the only post-Soviet state -LRB- aside from the Baltic countries -RRB- with an uninterrupted cycle of transfers of power through elections since 1991 .
The EU and its member states ' governments must enact legislation to ban companies based in their countries from direct involvement in Sudan 's petroleum sector and in industries related to it .
The recalcitrant states achieved a Pyrrhic victory because it will quickly become clear to them that , even if the EU is getting a new institutional framework , the avantgarde countries will decide among themselves what the concrete arrangements will look like .
Enhanced cooperation among these countries and the Euro zone will be the instrument for this .
Despite all the differences that might exist between the two countries -- differences that are likely to grow -- there is no alternative to their alliance .
Other large and populous emerging countries in Asia and South America are following in these giants ' footsteps .
Emerging countries continue to grow every year .
In view of this global challenge , the G-8 countries have made a heroic decision : the eight richest industrial countries -- which are also the largest polluters -- promised to `` seriously examine '' cutting their emissions in half by 2050 .
This must happen in the emerging countries , and even more urgently in the old industrial economies .
In Berlin , as in other large German cities , taxis sport the flags of their drivers ' home countries -- from Angola to Saudi Arabia .
Spain , Argentina , and Germany , to name but a few countries , have put forward very young teams that have played an impressive game .
The symptoms of the disease of selective modernization are clearly discernible in both countries in the form of ubiquitous corruption .
Indeed , while the greatest threats to peace once came from power politics and economic rivalry , they now increasingly derive from the regional and global repercussions of the political and social disintegration of stable countries , a decline of their normative and institutional systems , and new totalitarian ideologies .
This means that in emerging nuclear countries only one single political decision is required to `` weaponize '' a nuclear program .
Ireland , one of the countries that benefited the most in material terms from the idea of European unification , has rejected this idea .
The poorer EU countries will suffer from this development .
Moreover , Saudi Arabia and some other Arab countries share this view , albeit behind closed doors .
The first is globalization , by which ever-larger parts of the Arab world , beginning with the Persian Gulf and its oil countries , will be influenced , albeit slowly , both economically and culturally .
In Morocco , for instance , investment from the Arab oil countries has already significantly reduced Europe 's importance .
Apart from those countries that are threatened -- partly or completely -- by rising sea levels , global warming will primarily affect the desert belts and their already precarious water supplies .
In fact , the preconditions for intra-regional cooperation -- up to partial integration of the interests of the countries involved -- look more auspicious than they did in Western Europe in the early 1950 's .
As a result , the G-8 , which excludes the most important emerging-market countries , has lost its significance for good .
That particular piece of wisdom referred to the situation of companies in an economic crisis . But it can also be applied to countries and economies .
To be sure , the crisis has placed a stranglehold on countries worldwide .
Only the rich industrial nations of Europe , America , and Japan can afford to pay for the necessary investments in emerging countries .
For that reason , Europe now requires leadership not from a weak EU Commission or from any other European institutions , but from the capitals of its major member countries .
Many of these revolutions opted for the Soviet economic model , which combined a state-controlled economy with a minimal degree of integration into the world market . For this , many countries involved paid a high price .
Of course , all the partial modernizers in China , Russia , Vietnam , and other countries share a fear of `` colored revolutions , '' the non-violent upheavals that brought democracy to Georgia , Ukraine , and Lebanon in recent years .
But to avoid this type of political modernization , these countries have all opted for economic and social liberalization and integration into the world market .
But these countries are unable to develop independently and lack a global power alternative .
The impressive success of these countries has showcased the economic , social , and technological preconditions for becoming a regional or even global power in the twenty-first century .
After this terrible crime , countries -- including in the Arab world -- were ready to embrace far-reaching steps .
The real winners of this new world order are the large emerging countries , first and foremost China and India , which increasingly set the pace of global economic and political development .
And , as we have found out in the meantime , this is as true for countries as it is for companies .
Moreover , new instruments like Eurobonds will have to be made available in order to reduce the affected euro-zone countries ' interest burden , provided that they have taken serious steps -- subject to effective control mechanisms -- toward credible restructuring .
The populations in the countries that will have to foot the bill are unprepared for the reality check ahead of them , adding fuel to a years-long growth in Euro-skepticism , which now pervades all political camps .
Pay for the southern European countries or resign oneself to the end of the euro ?
Such measures would only exacerbate deflation in these countries , which are the most important markets for German exports .
The same applies to the southern Caucasus and Central Asia , where Europe , with the approval of the smaller supplier countries there , should firmly pursue its energy interests and assert itself vis-à-vis Russia , as well as to Ukraine , where Europe should also become seriously involved .
Europe risks running out of time , even in its own neighborhood , because active European foreign policy and a strong commitment on the part of the EU are sorely missed in all these countries .
Ever since the European powers set sail at the end of the fifteenth century to conquer the world , historiography and international politics have become accustomed to a certain pattern : military , economic , and technological power is translated into the exercise of influence over other countries , conquest , and even global dominance and empire .
All that will be decided by the West 's globally dominant automobile industry is whether it will adapt and have a chance to survive or go the way of other old Western industries : to the developing world .
But Europe is too weak and too divided to be effective globally , with its leaders unwilling to pursue a common policy based on their countries ' own strategic interests .
The more the EU is forced by Germany to become a union rooted in `` stability , '' the more pressing it will become for eurozone countries that can not conform to the new , stricter rules to receive some sort of financial compensation .
With Merkel 's active help , the eurozone is -LRB- in effect -RRB- moving towards becoming a transfer union : the stricter the new rules and the larger the interest-rate spreads among eurozone countries , the faster that will happen .
At home , though , Merkel fears this debate like no other -- a debate that the financial markets and the crisis in many European countries will ensure can not be avoided .
Given their economic and political clout , Germany and France are the respective leaders of the eurozone 's northern and southern parts . Both could therefore sponsor the indispensable compromise between the eurozone 's stronger and weaker countries .
France 's role would be to ensure that the weaker countries do n't fall victim to enduring deflation .
Both countries together , however , must inaugurate the step towards economic union , which requires that both governments actually want that .
The political risk for both of them will be anything but small , but the alternative -- the failure of the euro -- is unacceptable for both countries .
Inside the European Union , the ugly term PIGS -LRB- Portugal , Italy\/Ireland , Greece , Spain -RRB- is now a commonplace , denoting countries that have endangered the euro 's stability and are forcing northern Europeans into costly bailouts .
This would create new prospects for the countries in the EU 's southern neighborhood , and thus give the transformation process an economic and technological impetus .
Five years after President Bush called Iraq , Iran , and North Korea an `` axis of evil , '' developments in these countries remain depressing .
Taken together , these constraints and analogies suggest that the West , particularly Europe , should focus on long-term assistance for the democratic and economic development of the Middle East 's reborn countries , and also on partnerships with all forces that support their countries ' democratization and modernization .
Germany and other European countries went to Afghanistan in solidarity with a NATO partner -- our most important security guarantor , the United States -- after it had been attacked from there on September 11 , 2001 .
Of all countries , Germany -- which can almost be termed the inventor of the European Common Foreign and Security Policy -- has now dealt that policy its most dangerous blow thus far .
Why , then , do the most advanced countries , in particular , take on the risk of a mega-catastrophe by seeking to create energy from radioactive fission ?
And , of course , the reactions of the nuclear powers to the disaster at Fukushima will be watched and analyzed closely by the so-called `` clandestine threshold countries . ''
What , then , will a future risk assessment look like if significantly less organized and developed countries begin -- with the active assistance of the nuclear powers -- to acquire civilian nuclear-energy capabilities ?
Any decision to continue as before would send an unambiguous message to the clandestine threshold countries that are secretly pursuing nuclear weapons : despite lofty rhetoric and wordy documents , the nuclear powers lack the political will to change course .
Despite doubling financial aid and lowering interest rates , the agreement will neither end the Greek debt crisis and that of other countries on the European periphery , nor stop the EU 's associated existential crisis .
Other crisis countries in the eurozone have not been stabilized , because Germany -- fearing a domestic political backlash -- has not dared to embrace a community of liability by issuing Eurobonds , even if the European Financial Stability Facility 's new role means that virtually 90 % of the path has already been traveled .
Power and wealth are shifting towards East Asian and other emerging countries , while America will be preoccupied with its own problems and turning from the Atlantic towards the Pacific .
So we need sustainable agriculture-led growth to increase supplies and keep prices affordable while also boosting the incomes of poor farmers in developing countries .
The European Union and other developed countries are already intent on tackling the problem of global food security , and could easily tailor their own schemes to become part of this wider program .
Geographical initiatives , like the European Development Fund -LRB- EDF -RRB- , support implementation of agricultural policies in the African , Caribbean , and Pacific countries -LRB- the Development Cooperation Instrument provides similar support in Latin America , Asia , and South Africa -RRB- .
The EU 's ad hoc ¤ 1 billion Food Facility , created in 2008 for rapid response to soaring food prices in developing countries , is a good example .
Its objectives also include boosting agriculture in the short to medium term in selected countries .
Again , I think that the EU is leading the way in developing countries with development policies that promote broad-based rural economic growth by boosting primary production and increasing its efficiency .
According to the International Monetary Fund , G-20 countries earmarked 17.6 % of their GDP on average to supporting their banking systems , although they spent much less .
Indeed , we should remember that economic growth was sustainable only in countries with highly developed social welfare systems , like France .
Yes , these countries will recover at a slower pace than elsewhere , but countries that have fallen into a deep hole must work harder than those that have fallen into a shallow one .
After all , export-led growth policies can succeed only if other countries are willing to run deficits .
At the same time , however , purely bilateral negotiations between individual EU members and oil - and gas-producing countries weakens the member states ' bargaining power , as well as undermining Europe 's geopolitical weight in world affairs .
But that common wisdom is grossly mistaken , because British law grants immigrants from all the Commonwealth countries something extraordinary : the right to vote in British elections , even national ones .
This is reflected in increasing income inequality in much of the developed world , and the vertiginous surpluses of oil-producing countries and Asian nations .
The emergence of sovereign wealth funds like those of China and the Gulf states to invest the savings of these countries ' budget surpluses is but the tip of the global excess savings iceberg .
Markets also tested the resolve of policymakers in otherwise sound ERM countries , particularly when there were big strikes or important elections .
Some eurozone countries borrowed excessively and have been punished by the markets , perhaps deservedly so , while others , in the resulting climate of anxiety , have become targets for speculators .
On July 21 , eurozone leaders agreed to make `` more extensive '' use of the new European Financial Stability Facility -LRB- EFSF -RRB- by permitting it to purchase endangered eurozone countries ' debt in secondary markets .
Such radical changes would require the consent of all eurozone countries . And the Bundestag -LRB- not Standard and Poor 's -RRB- would have to be happy .
Many countries are united in supporting the principle that if , say , Ahmedinejad does meet the criteria for incitement of genocide , he should be punished in the International Criminal Court .
But when it comes to terrorism in today 's world , most countries , including the world 's democracies , are not as tolerant as they used to be .
Why does treason appear to be dying in some countries and coming alive in others ?
The large emerging countries , although they will suffer disproportionately from wilder weather and rising sea levels , show little interest in picking up the slack .
Whether countries abide by agreements has far more to do with international processes of persuasion , socialization , and capacity-building -- and those can be done by anyone with a good argument .
Countries sitting on their own nuclear arsenals seem to think that they can give Iran orders ; it 's a case of `` do as I say , not as I do . ''
But Iran , too , harbors illusions , including the notion that it can count on support from non-Western countries , or at least from some sort of Islamic caucus .
Moreover , domestic economies do not provide the diversification benefits that countries dependent on single-commodity revenue streams seek .
Big Ideas from Small Countries
CAMBRIDGE -- Two decades ago , many people thought that the lesson of the 1980 's was that Japan 's variant of capitalism was the best model , and that other countries around the world should and would follow it .
A decade ago , many thought that the lesson of the 1990 's was that the United States ' variant of capitalism was the best model , and that other countries should and would follow .
So , where should countries look now , in 2010 , for models of economic success to emulate ?
Many small countries there have experimented with policies and institutions that could usefully be adopted by others .
Among many other decisions that have worked out well for them , both countries have foregone a standing army .
These institutions are particularly worthy of imitation by other commodity-exporting countries , in order to defeat the so-called `` natural-resource curse . '' Even advanced countries such as the US and UK could learn something from Chile , given that in the last expansion they evidently forgot how to run countercyclical fiscal policy .
Other small advanced countries also have lessons to offer .
Estonia led the way in simplifying its tax system by means of a successful flat tax in 1994 , followed by Slovakia and other small countries in Central and Eastern Europe and elsewhere -LRB- including Mauritius again -RRB- .
CCT programs have subsequently been emulated by many countries in Latin America , Asia , and Africa .
Second , and perhaps more importantly , the Mexicans implemented the methodological idea of conducting controlled experiments to find out which policies work and which do n't work in developing countries -LRB- which has fed into the exciting Randomized Control Trials movement in the field of development economics -RRB- .
Nor do I mean to suggest that these examples are entirely responsible for the economic success of the countries where they are found . -LRB- Indeed , a few of these countries have recently been wrestling with severe problems . -RRB-
Small countries tend to be open to trade .
Often , they are open to new ideas -- and freer than large countries to experiment .
Otherwise , its turn at the G-20 's helm risks resembling the chaotic Czech presidency of the European Union in 2009 , which confirmed some larger EU members ' belief that it is a mistake to let smaller countries do the driving .
The G-20 will discuss whatever the bigger countries consider it most useful to discuss .
? More seats on the IMF executive board for emerging market countries , made possible by consolidation of some European seats ;
I would favor articulation of the principle that the necessary concrete steps toward long-term fiscal consolidation in advanced countries -- such as raising the retirement age or taking other steps today to reform public pensions -- need not require premature withdrawal of current fiscal stimulus ;
Currently , however , the advanced countries are in danger of repeating the mistake that US President Franklin Roosevelt made in 1937 , when he cut spending prematurely and sent the American economy back into recession .
Perhaps the G-20 will be a venue in which the big emerging-market countries remind the US and the UK of the lesson they once knew but have now forgotten -- what it means to run a countercyclical fiscal policy .
Countries that specialize in the export of oil , copper , iron ore , wheat , coffee , or other commodities have been booming , but they are highly vulnerable .
Countries that have outstanding debt in dollars or other foreign currencies are especially vulnerable .
Many developing countries have made progress since the 1990 's in shifting from dollar-denominated debt toward foreign direct investment and other types of capital inflows , or in paying down their liabilities altogether .
When one asks finance ministers in commodity-exporting debtor countries , they frequently reply that they fear insufficient demand for commodity bonds .
The fit would be particularly good in those countries where the Bank is already lending money .
If the Bank lends to multiple oil-exporting countries , the market for oil bonds that it creates would be that much larger and more liquid .
So you might think that US industries exposed to severe international price competition would deem the dollar 's strength undesirable .
Current events , not just in Libya , but also in Tunisia , Egypt , Syria , Yemen , and Bahrain , mirror the political complexity of these countries .
Just as the post-1945 Marshall Plan consisted of a financial-aid package aimed at reconstructing and re-launching Western Europe 's economies to support democratic transformation and political stability , the countries of the Arab Spring face similar challenges and needs .
We need to enable countries like Egypt and Tunisia -- and possibly a peaceful Libya -- to strengthen their political stability through democratization .
The Marshall Plan was accompanied by partnerships for reconstruction in which the US and European recipient countries were on an equal footing .
Let us also grant some Mediterranean countries association status that will allow them to integrate progressively into the EU 's internal market and participate in EU programs .
Europe 's strong support for the region 's economic development must remain the top priority , as Arab countries introduce necessary reforms .
In short , we need to transform the Mediterranean countries into producers rather than consumers of regional stability .
The Joint Statement , while clinically welcoming the agreement , states that both parties `` thereby turn their focus to the future of their bilateral relationship , '' underscoring `` the benefits an expansion of ties would provide for both countries as well as for the American and Libyan peoples . ''
This opening is welcome , because Libya remains heavily engaged with the other countries of the Sahel , and across Africa in general , as well as with Arab states .
Indeed , like so many post-communist countries over the past 20 years , Libya is now making the gradual and at times painful transition to a market economy .
Some EU countries , such as Denmark , do better , but still lag far behind the US , which spends more than $ 25,000 .
Such ambitious goals , however unrealistic , can have a disciplining effect , leading some EU countries to increase their spending , while the EU itself has launched a number of promising schemes .
It is clear from the last three decades of floating currencies that market-determined exchange rates tend to swing widely and persistently from parity levels that would make comparable goods sell at comparable prices in different countries .
This is something that can not be taken for granted in countries like Iraq .
Some 4.7 million `` Wikipedians '' have now contributed to 5.3 million entries , one-third of which are in English , with the rest in more than 250 other languages .
Any change to an entry automatically generates a historical trace , so entries can be read as what medieval scholars call a `` palimpsest , '' a text that has been successively overwritten .
But Myanmar and the other Mekong River countries are supposed to be the country 's `` good neighbors , '' and are completely within reach of Chinese power , so public anger over threats to the country 's interests in these places is intense .
China is also working on `` connectivity '' projects -- namely , a rail and highway network -- aimed at boosting economic and social ties between China and the ASEAN countries .
The dam 's Chinese investors , for their part , relied too heavily on the depth of the two countries ' bilateral ties , and so heavily discounted the project 's political risks .
The Mekong incident tells another grim story . The river , which links five countries , has been long famous as a setting for trans-national crimes such as drug trafficking , gambling , and smuggling .
It does not explain why other countries that took even stronger measures failed to generate a similarly rapid recovery , or why China 's government seems to have more room than others for policy maneuver .
In short , it is because China began its adjustment one year before the global crisis that its economy emerged earlier than other countries .
Kashmir has divided the two countries since the partition of British India , when a Hindu monarch , Maharaja Hari Singh , ruling over a predominantly Muslim population , acceded to India .
There are more than 6,000 rare and neglected diseases -- many in developing countries -- that lack remedies .
Countries claiming to have reached the limit of what they can do really mean that they have reached the limit of what they can do on their own .
Put another way , ten years ago the US engine could drive the world economy , and ten years from now the emerging-market countries stand to take over that role , particularly given the rising purchasing power of their middle classes .
So , first , we must restore the broad vision of global cooperation contained in the G-20 growth pact -LRB- which has since been downgraded to what the IMF now calls `` an in-depth analysis of ... those countries identified as having large imbalances '' -RRB- .
But Serbia 's point of view is not without merit , and many other countries with territorially concentrated ethnic minorities have reason to be anxious about the precedent that might be set if Kosovo 's declaration of independence is recognized .
Setting such a precedent in Kosovo must be avoided to ensure stability not only in the Balkans , but in all countries with dissatisfied ethnic minority populations .
He has engaged in blatant checkbook diplomacy by giving away , with little to show for it , Venezuela 's oil resources to countries like Cuba .
The continent 's aggregate growth , at 4.5 % , is expected to lag behind the world average of 5 % in 2007 , but only because the largest countries , Mexico and Brazil , are growing more slowly .
Structural deflationary pressures in the developed countries -- such as highly debated increments of productivity in the United States -- help the central banks to maintain price stability , which means that growing exports and high terms of trade have been accompanied by reasonably low interest rates .
Of eleven of the region 's countries -- the five MERCOSUR economies , the four Andean Community countries , plus Chile and Mexico -- seven have had a fiscal surplus in 2006 and six will maintain it -- less easily -- in 2007 .
But public opinion in a number of countries now seems to be turning against democracy , argues Bronislaw Geremek , Poland 's former foreign minister , and proposes ways in which this trend might be reversed .
Eight of the countries that will enter the European Union in May 2004 were until recently governed by totalitarian dictatorships and enslaved by another nation .
The return of governments based on the will of the majority of their citizens seemed for decades an unattainable dream in these countries , much as it remains a dream for the citizens of Burma under the rule of its military junta .
The Pew Global Attitudes Project for 2003 highlights countries in which few people recognize the importance of elections : 28 % in Jordan , 37 % in Russia , 40 % in Indonesia .
In other Latin American countries , support for a strong leader either is stronger or nearly as strong as support for democracy .
In Asia , people in most countries still believe that a ¡ ° good democracy ¡ ± is more important than a ¡ ° strong economy . ¡ ± The opposite is true , however , in democratic Indonesia , where 69 % prefer a strong economy .
Even in a number of European countries with old democratic traditions , a wave of populist , radical political parties opposed to minorities and immigrants has achieved success , sometimes even winning elections .
In other European countries , which have only recently embarked on the democratic path , a truly stunning change of mood is visible .
The creation of that body was an important step , because it introduced a set of criteria that must be fulfilled by countries that want to call themselves democratic .
Europe is a peculiar combination of geography and history , but the EU 's boundaries -- and thus the prospects for its further enlargement -- are determined as much by its capacity to integrate candidate countries as by these countries ' own adaptive abilities .
Is enlargement the only effective policy for stabilization and peace , or can the EU 's `` neighborhood policy , '' falling short of full admission for some of the countries knocking at the door , become an instrument for supporting development and stabilization , much as the Marshall Plan once was for Western Europe ?
Third , instead of a futile theoretical debate over `` liberal '' versus `` social '' models of economic development , we need to compare the experiences of such countries as Great Britain , Sweden , Germany and France . Are their experiences mutually exclusive , or is convergence possible ?
It also requires specifying a common date for ratification -LRB- through simultaneous referenda or parliamentary votes -RRB- for all countries that have not yet done so , including France and the Netherlands .
Europe is a peculiar combination of geography and history , but the boundaries of the EU -- and thus the prospects for its further enlargement -- are determined by its absorptive capacity and the adaptive abilities of candidate countries .
Unlike many Latin American countries , in which populist backlashes have followed the liberalizing reforms of the 1990 's , the main challenger in Chile is an even more pro-market coalition .
The differences in the two countries ' growth patterns are striking , and raise significant questions for development economists .
Despite being a low-income region , India and other South Asian countries have adopted the growth patterns of middle - to high-income countries . Their growth patterns more closely resemble those of Ireland and Israel than those of China and Malaysia .
India 's growth pattern is remarkable because it contradicts a seemingly iron law of development that has held true for almost 200 years , since the start of the Industrial Revolution . According to this `` law '' -- which is now conventional wisdom -- industrialization is the only route to rapid economic development for developing countries .
Developing countries can thus sustain service-led growth , given the huge room they have for catch-up and convergence .
The process of globalization in the late twentieth century led to a sharp divergence of incomes between those who industrialized and broke into global markets and the `` bottom billion '' in some 60 countries where incomes stagnated for twenty years .
The globalization of services , however , provides alternative opportunities for developing countries to find niches , beyond manufacturing , where they can specialize , scale up , and achieve explosive growth , just like the industrializers .
As the services produced and traded across the world expand with globalization , the possibilities for all countries to develop based on their comparative advantage expand . That comparative advantage can just as easily be in services as in manufacturing or agriculture .
The promise of the service revolution is that countries do not have to wait to get on the path to rapid development .
For the countries of South Asia , poverty has morphed from a national to a sub-national problem .
This is sustainable as there is huge room for South Asia to catch up to rich countries ' productivity levels .
Some leading regions in India are now the envy of other middle income countries .
But the lagging regions are doing no better than many Sub-Saharan African countries .
More than 70 % of the world 's poor now live in middle-income countries .
But dramatic gender inequities persist in South Asia , more so than in other low-income countries .
In 2008 , India 's female labor-force participation rate averaged 35 % , while low-income countries averaged 58 % .
In today 's uncertain world , social turmoil , gender deprivation , and rising conflict have tested countries ' abilities to create jobs , promote gender equity , equip young people with skills , and design effective social protection programs .
In countries like Greece , Finland , Italy , and Portugal , joining the single currency ran against the interests of some industrialists , who viewed the devaluation of the national currency as preferable to better but tougher choices aimed at maintaining and improving competitiveness .
In rich countries , this does not mean rationing care based on age alone .
This `` globesity '' epidemic is seen in poor countries as well as in wealthy ones .
More than 1,400 NGOs operating in 90 countries helped to get 123 countries to ratify the treaty banning landmines .
And , after a review of the Rwanda debacle , 400 NGOs and UN organizations working in 80 countries got together in the Sphere Project to develop a common humanitarian mandate and handbook of standards outlining the minimum performance required of any NGO working in a disaster zone .
But it is a malady that must be resisted if these societies are to continue to prosper and developing countries are to fight poverty and sustain economic growth .
Mass migration gave millions of Europeans an escape route from poverty and persecution , and fed the dynamism and development of countries like the United States , the United Kingdom , and various colonies .
Approximately 200 million people , around 3 % of the world 's population , now live in countries in which they were not born .
Medical and public health advances have increased longevity in developed countries , while persistently low fertility levels and the end of the post-WWII baby boom mean that the number of native-born workers will fall in the coming years .
As countries ' populations age and their fertility rates collapse , more migration will be necessary to ensure economic competitiveness and finance pension and health-care systems .
For the countries they leave , migrants often represent a brain drain .
In a number of small developing countries , remittances contribute more than one-third of GDP , and in a number of larger countries , annual receipts exceed $ 50 billion .
Both rich and poor countries would benefit from increased migration , with developing countries benefiting the most .
There has been much discussion of the need to complete the Doha Round of global trade negotiations and increase development assistance to poor countries .
If the Khmer Rouge trials are to proceed , donor countries must see the Extraordinary Chambers as a prudent investment toward a stable and productive Cambodia .
In the Iraq crisis , both the Foreign Affairs and Defense Ministries voiced opinions starkly at odds with Putin .
Both the Foreign and Defense Ministries wanted a drawn-out fight over America 's withdrawal from the ABM Treaty and NATO enlargement .
But without the support of these two ministries , Putin can not institutionalize his new foreign policy course .
The interest that Russia 's military and diplomatic elite is defending is something I call the `` confrontation paradigm , '' within which the role -- and budgets ! -- of the Foreign and Defense Ministries receive priority in public spending .
Today , however , President Putin recognizes that economics will determine Russia 's future , and so the `` power '' ministries must take a back seat to Russia 's modernization and development .
In Beslan , camouflaged men representing four ministries fussed uselessly , with no clear leader or goals , losing precious minutes when the violence erupted .
The internal conditions of the `` power '' ministries - the FSB and the MVD , which bear the main responsibility for antiterrorist operations - are equally grim .
Putin has already decided to create an operational center of 13 groups in the Northern Caucasus region to coordinate the actions of the Defense and Emergencies Ministries .
But neither Russia 's president nor its power ministries seem ready for this .
This is nonsense on stilts , though it obviously sounds pleasing to generals in the power ministries , because the only war they know how to wage is with `` world imperialism . ''
MOSCOW -- Imagine a crank who tries to pass himself off as a nineteenth-century Russian baron .
According to this view , every great power needs obedient satellite countries . Under such an approach , NATO 's expansion is represented as an extension of America 's sphere of influence , to the detriment of Russia , of course .
Moreover , the constitutions of a number of CSTO countries expressly prohibit sending troops outside national territory .
Within the framework of an overall settlement of the conflict , a number of countries could contribute to this sum : the United States and the European Union countries , as well as Saudi Arabia and the other Gulf states .
The women and children whose limbs Taylor ordered to be hacked off bear testimony to his brutality , and the countries left in turmoil make clear that there can be no durable peace in West Africa unless the man who unleashed these conflicts is stopped .
They have been working in a distributed collaboration for eight years and come from a range of countries and specialties .
Governments in countries colonized by China were forced to adopt this pictographic writing system in order to receive political regulations , but the pronunciation of the characters was not controlled .
Each marshaled the sharpest minds from a range of countries to address one task .
It is just a matter of getting things done , and it must be done the most effective way , so the operations occur according to the institutional philosophies of donor countries .
Rich countries could justify the expense in terms of the savings that would result from early detection of a major threat .
We should not be surprised if someone eventually tries to tweak the content of pornography to exploit Americans ' cultural proclivities on behalf of other products , causes , or even political candidates .
Where they do not exist , they should be created in partnership with all the countries concerned .
That would allow the United States and other countries to enact the necessary legislation , and provide United Nations negotiators time to translate the COP15 Declaration into an appropriate , workable legal structure .
Climate injustice must be redressed , as developing countries bear the brunt of the impact and face massive adaptation costs .
Rich countries need to put serious money on the table .
Poor countries are aware of their power to block progress .
So the industrialized countries need to put a real financing offer on the table as soon as possible to allow time for a positive reaction and announcements of commitments from developing countries . In particular , commitment to an early-start fund -- at least $ 20 billion to immediately assist the least developed countries -- is critical .
This requires emission reductions of 45-50 % in industrialized countries by 2020 , and almost complete de-carbonization by 2050 , not the levels of 15-25 % by 2020 and 60-80 % by 2050 that are now on the table .
Major developing countries must also commit to nationally appropriate mitigation actions .
For all our differences , Reagan and I shared the strong conviction that civilized countries should not make such barbaric weapons the linchpin of their security .
This would augment the diplomatic and moral capital available to diplomats as they strive to restrain nuclear proliferation in a world where more countries than ever have the wherewithal to construct a nuclear bomb .
What John Connolly 's bluntness reflected was America 's ability -- and willingness -- to export its economic problems by driving down the dollar 's value while scapegoating countries opposed to that strategy .
Like the Nixon\/Connolly team , the Bush administration is responding to America 's massive budget and trade deficits by letting the dollar fall -- and hard -- while it also tries to distract attention from its responsibility by pointing an accusing finger at China as the cause for both US joblessness and deflationary pressures .
Indeed , many countries that export to the US -- especially Japan and China -- price their goods in dollars .
Because these countries are keen to maintain their share in the world 's biggest market , they often absorb the effect of a drop in the dollar by cutting their profits rather than raise prices .
Moreover , France will enjoy large gains from exports to the fast-growing emerging world , since it produces more competitive high value-added goods than , for example , southern European countries , whose exports are closer to those of the leading emerging countries .
Despite comical episodes such as classifying the dairy company Danone as a national security asset to head off a possible bid from Coca Cola , France 's foreign investment regime is no less restrictive than other developed countries , including the US .
With a slowdown in US consumer demand , imports will slow down , and this will hit exporting countries -- mainly in Latin America and Asia -- depending on the level of their export dependency , but also on the nature of their exports .
The debt burden of the countries affected in this way will inevitably increase as the cost of borrowing rises .
Also construction , energy and defense industries will benefit .
Indeed , multilateral trade agreements were being eclipsed by bilateral deals , such as between the EU and various developing countries , long before the divisions over Iraq appeared .
Immigration controls , for example , have been relaxed in several European countries -LRB- notably Germany -RRB- due to declining populations and educational shortcomings .
Moreover , others -LRB- Arab countries , Germany , and Japan -RRB- will not cover America 's military costs , as in the 1991 Gulf War .
Oil prices have flirted with their highest level since the Gulf War and will go higher if Iraq 's oil infrastructure -LRB- or that of neighboring countries -RRB- is damaged .
No two countries , regions , or cities are the same .
But as Louis Kuijs of the World Bank has pointed out , what sets China apart from many other developing countries is not that households save uniquely high levels of their income , but that enterprises do .
According to a recent survey by the People 's Bank -LRB- the central bank -RRB- , households in the ten largest cities spend about 35 % of their monthly income on average on mortgage repayments , which is comparable to other countries .
Self-Financing Development NEW YORK -- A remarkable feature of the international financial system in the last decade has been the rapid and vast accumulation of foreign-exchange reserves by developing countries .
This pool of reserves surpasses developing countries ' immediate liquidity needs , leading to their increased creation and expansion of sovereign wealth funds , which have an additional level of assets of more than $ 3 trillion .
The unprecedented increase in developing countries ' foreign exchange reserves is due both to their current-account surpluses and large net capital inflows .
Practically all developing countries ' reserves are invested in developed countries ' assets , leading to an increasing net transfer of resources from the developing to the developed world , which , according to UNDESA estimates , reached $ 720 billion in 2007 alone .
We propose that a very small portion of developing countries ' total foreign-exchange reserves -- say , 1 % -- be channeled to the expansion of existing regional development banks or the creation of new ones that would invest in infrastructure and other crucial sectors .
According to the World Bank , developing countries spend an average of 3-4 % of GDP on infrastructure every year , compared to an estimated 7 % of GDP required to meet existing infrastructure needs for maintaining rapid growth . This translates into an annual gap of at least $ 300 billion at current prices .
But regional and sub-regional financial institutions owned by developing countries can and should play an important and valuable complementary role .
These institutions give a greater voice and sense of ownership to developing countries , are more likely to rely on moral suasion rather than conditionality , and tend to benefit from smaller information asymmetries .
If developing countries allocate only 1 % of their foreign exchange reserves to the paid-in capital of regional and sub-regional institutions , this would amount to $ 50 billion at current levels of reserves .
By expanding or creating new regional and sub-regional financial institutions , developing countries could lay the basis for their own current and future lending capacity , which would eventually help them meet their development goals .
On the basis of donor countries making long-term -- say , over 15 years -- rather than annual commitments , the aim is to raise from international capital markets an extra $ 50 billion per year between now and 2015 .
To achieve these goals , donor countries need only extend their existing commitments into the future ; new funds are not needed .
Even the World Bank admits that aid to countries such as the Democratic Republic of Congo and Zambia has been a disaster .
Funds will be dispersed only to countries committed to stable prices and public spending , and support of the market economy .
The logic of these proposals is that funding for countries that do not implement sound policies will stop .
Conditions set by donor countries will vary .
European countries may stipulate other terms .
Although Brown 's IFF proposal is about jointly raising more funds from international capital markets , a key feature is that each country retains the right to disperse the extra funds to those countries committed to meeting its conditions .
Because countries , not development banks , are in the driver 's seat , taxpayers will control how funds are spent .
Donor countries might withhold final payment until auditors sign off .
In sub-Saharan Africa , peer review by the countries of Nepad , the New Partnership for Africa 's Development , is a step toward Africa owning its own development .
However , even if dynamic private-sector-led economies emerge in the world 's poorest countries , they will not produce clean water , build new roads , train more teachers , or improve public health by themselves .
Doubling aid , changing the terms on which it is given , strengthening the private sector , and speeding up reform in poor countries is the only effective way to win the peace in so much of the world .
If all the resources promised -LRB- ¤ 750 billion , including financing from the International Monetary Fund -RRB- were to be used fully , the EU could fully refinance all distressed countries -LRB- Portugal , Spain , and Ireland -RRB- for a couple of years .
BRUSSELS -- Europe 's leaders never tire of reminding their constituencies , almost like a mantra , that the major emerging-market countries are overturning the existing global economic order .
Instead , 12 eurozone countries are represented on the board of the International Monetary Fund via six different `` constituencies , '' or country groups .
However , these four constituencies also contain more than 20 other countries , most of which are not even EU members .
Contrast this current condition of extended misery with the only sensible long-term solution : a pooling of IMF quotas by all eurozone countries . The eurozone would then have one constituency , or seat , on the Fund 's executive board , filled by a candidate nominated by the eurozone group of finance ministers .
Many countries -LRB- including Germany -RRB- already follow this `` double-headed '' approach .
This has confronted the Europeans with a quandary : if they do not agree to give up some seats on the IMF board , some emerging countries , such as Argentina , Brazil , and perhaps even India , would lose theirs . The EU does not want to be held responsible for this .
If , for example , Ireland -LRB- or Spain -RRB- needed emergency support , the other eurozone countries could simply agree to lend it their IMF quotas .
The troubled country could then rapidly obtain a large IMF loan , given that the eurozone countries ' quotas total about ¤ 60 billion -- and that IMF loans can easily reach multiples of the quota .
Creditor countries like Germany would also gain , because they would not need to extend vast sums in guarantees to the EFSF while still safeguarding their interests within the EFSF 's existing structure .
This changed with the advent of floating exchange rates in the early 1970 's , which allowed more stability-conscious countries , such as Germany , to decouple from a US monetary policy that they considered too inflationary .
As the only major economy with capital controls , China has created its own `` exorbitant privilege '' : it can determine its exchange rate because no other big countries impose capital controls .
The bust , with its banking problems and unemployment , is likely to last for most of the coming decade , depressing growth in all those countries which looked so strong in 2008 .
Yields on government debt of peripheral eurozone countries are skyrocketing , because investors do not really know what the risks are .
A danger these countries share is thus the acute danger of large-scale runs on their banking systems .
When the EFSF was created , it was assumed that the only problem was to ensure financing for the government deficits of the four prospective problem countries -LRB- Portugal , Ireland , Greece , and Spain -RRB- .
The EFSF might be just enough to guarantee the public debt of the four problem countries , but certainly not their banking sectors ' liabilities as well .
But it is a risky proposition : if investors exit nonetheless , the required funds might be so large that creditor countries ' taxpayers ' revolt .
The key problem is simple : until 2008 , these countries enjoyed a long boom based on cheap and plentiful credit , which allowed them to finance large current-account deficits .
At this point , the common currency can be saved only if systemically important countries -- namely , Italy and Spain -- take concerted action to demonstrate that they are different from Greece .
The same is true of other OECD countries and emerging markets , where rapidly increasing incomes have put pressure on asset prices .
While there is little evidence in the euro area of large-scale sub-prime lending , there is considerable evidence to suggest that house prices have an important impact on domestic demand , albeit with wide variations among individual countries .
In these two countries , lower housing prices are likely to be associated with a sharp and prolonged drop in domestic demand , which should be stronger even than what can be expected in the US .
The negative impact of a downturn in housing prices in these two countries should thus be limited to a drop in consumption .
But now more and more countries need balance-of-payments support , and there is general agreement that the global monetary system needs a body to oversee its overall stability .
The IMF 's Executive Board , which consists exclusively of representatives of member countries , currently runs the Fund 's daily business .
This would give management considerable de facto independence , since under the one person , one vote principle the larger member countries could no longer block issues just because they are politically inconvenient .
For all decisions involving the resources of the Fund -LRB- lending to member countries or the size of quotas , etc. -RRB- , the existing decision-making procedure could remain unchanged .
All financial decisions would thus continue to be taken by the existing Executive Board , with weighted voting reflecting the financial contributions of member countries .
The ECB 's Governing Council comprises the six members of the Executive Board plus the governors\/presidents of the 16 national central banks of the eurozone countries .
Nevertheless , the euro-zone 's member countries insisted on maintaining their full sovereignty in this area .
These were bonds issued by distressed Latin American countries in the early 1990 's as part of an arrangement to reschedule their international debts . US government securities provided collateral for them .
We therefore propose that contributions to the EMF should be based on member countries ' fiscal deficits and public debt levels , because both represent warning signs of impending liquidity or insolvency risk .
These two simple elements -- orderly default and a financing mechanism -- could resolve the current crisis within the euro zone : by creating a European Monetary Fund along these lines , the euro area would acquire an institution that could support member countries in difficulties , but that would also ensure that market discipline really worked .
The European Council of Ministers had to promise hundreds of billions of euros to its financially imperiled member countries , even though the European economy as a whole is not really in crisis .
The experience of successful reform in the Anglo-Saxon and Nordic countries shows that Europe need not be condemned to stagnation , provided that it renounces rigid employment protection .
There is ample evidence that restrictions on immigration in one country divert migrant flows to other EU countries , and that migration is attracted by generous welfare entitlements .
Moreover , well-functioning labor markets attract migrants with higher qualifications , while countries with rigid employment protection are targeted by the low-skilled and those willing to work illegally .
Labor migration also presents challenges for source countries , for it diminishes their pool of young and educated workers .
First , the old member states should immediately lift remaining restrictions on the freedom of movement for workers from new member countries .
A permanent end to the conflict over Palestine will not be possible until the Palestinian Arabs and their allies become convinced that the failure of colonialism in countries like Algeria and South Africa is not a relevant lesson for them . In other words Arabs will have to become convinced that they can neither subjugate the Jews nor drive the Jews out of Palestine .
Messages , snatches of diary entries , and photos are plastered on the hospital 's walls .
These countries will jointly seek to develop a bigger presence in Asian markets , and to offer developed countries a safe option for capital investments in emerging markets .
Moreover , each of the countries has bilateral free-trade agreements with the others and with the United States -LRB- though the US Congress has yet to approve the United States-Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement , as it is officially known -RRB- .
So Humala 's Latin American options are limited : Venezuela , Brazil , or the countries of the Pacto del Pacífico .
In Argentina , as in many Latin American countries , presidents have so much power that other governmental institutions ' authority fades , eradicating the boundaries between the executive and the state .
But the two countries subsequently grew increasingly estranged from one another .
The two countries ' haughty behavior -- for example , criticizing tax regimes in Eastern Europe while themselves failing to comply with the European Union 's Stability and Growth Pact -- appalled other EU countries , especially the newest members .
But the larger geo-strategic questions , such as the EU 's relations with Russia and its links to NATO , require the attention of a larger leadership team , including Eastern European countries .
For a time , tensions between the two countries rose to the point that France announced the postponement of the `` Blaesheim talks , '' a regular exchange of views by French and German leaders on European issues that began in 2001 .
In the end , though , the two countries ' institutional mechanisms of communication have held firm .
And southern Mediterranean countries ca n't hope to make up in America and Asia the opportunities and investments that they are losing in Europe , certainly not in the short term .
In these circumstances -- and especially in view of the political upheaval in the countries of the southern Mediterranean -- re-launching the Euro-Mediterranean process , and putting it on a new footing , would benefit both sides .
North-South flows are already extremely low , with the southern and eastern Mediterranean countries receiving only 3 % of global foreign direct investment .
Central and Eastern Europe is the example worth studying closely : in tandem with Germany , these countries developed and strengthened high-value-added industrial sectors .
Europe could finance more and better training to help meet its own labor shortages , while African countries would be able to provide employment for their young people . And a Euro-Mediterranean and Euro-African version of the Erasmus student-exchange program would not only attract African students to Europe , but would also boost European students ' interest in the development of the southern Mediterranean and Africa .
These social anxieties are not being addressed because financial-sector bailouts , stimulus packages , and help for distressed industries with strong lobbies are testing many governments ' financial limits .
To make the European Central Bank a lender of last resort for all of the euro-zone countries , for example , would give distressed European governments some added breathing space .
But it will require global monetary reform of a fundamental order to right the imbalances between surplus and deficit countries , between happy savers and those who lived beyond their means , and between rich and poor .
Consider the issue of whether countries should fund health care publicly , through taxes , or privately , through health insurance and user fees .
A Less-is-More Growth Strategy for Africa REYKJAVIK -- If African countries were to adopt only one policy to boost economic growth and improve macroeconomic stability , they should reduce the number of currencies in circulation across the continent as quickly as possible .
The premier and oldest of these unions is composed of the fourteen countries that belong to the Economic and Monetary Community of Central Africa and the West African Economic and Monetary Union , which both use the CFA franc .
Disregarding Zimbabwe , a recent and incomplete convert , the 18 countries of the two existing monetary unions have , as intended , benefited from lower inflation than much of the rest of Africa .
In view of this experience , Nigeria now plans to abolish the naira in favor of joining a monetary union with four or five other West African countries -LRB- The Gambia , Ghana , Guinea , Sierra Leone , and perhaps Liberia -RRB- .
When the West African Monetary Zone finally is established , the number of currencies in Africa will equal about half the number of countries .
The recent G-8 meeting in Scotland , as well as concerts and celebrity activism , has put a spotlight on the amount of international assistance reaching the countries and peoples of Africa .
If rich countries -- in particular , the United States , the 25 members of the EU , and Japan -- really want to help poor people , they will open their markets to what poor countries produce , especially textiles , apparel , agricultural products , and commodities .
Phasing out tariffs and import quotas for poor countries ' exports -- and phasing out subsidies for their own producers of agricultural products -- would have a dramatic effect on the lives of hundreds of millions of people in Africa and elsewhere .
What countries must do to join the World Trade Organization is precisely what they must do to become productive and democratic : accept the rule of law , reduce corruption , and become open , accountable , and transparent .
Trade has a strategic benefit as well , for it gives countries a stake in good relations with one another and in maintaining order and stability .
This will happen only if all of the major trading countries demonstrate a commitment to play by the rules .
Wars are mostly fought with arms on battlefields between soldiers of opposing countries .
But he can make the case that countries such as Japan , India , Germany , and others deserve an enhanced position in the UN 's most important body , one more commensurate with their power and status .
Both countries should commit themselves to a diplomatic resolution of competing claims to offshore resources .
Both countries have many reasons to pursue this goal , considering North Korea 's missile and nuclear programs , terrorism , and the numerous challenges to stability around the world .
Costly oil is a tax on the poor in developing countries and a source of inflation for the developed countries .
It also provides resources to governments that in many cases are promoting foreign policies that are contrary to the interests of most other countries .
In strategic terms , no other country or group of countries has the capacity to replace the US .
Second , countries should support Iraq 's government , despite its shortcomings .
It would also help if those countries in a position to do so underscored their preparedness to make funds available to help build a Palestinian state and to resettle both refugees and those living in settlements that are vacated under any peace accord .
If internationally managed enriched-uranium or spent-fuel banks are established , countries could gain access to nuclear power but not come to control the material needed for bombs .
More effort also will be needed to prevent state failure and deal with its consequences . The US and other developed countries should enhance their military capacities to deal with the type of threats being faced in Iraq and Afghanistan , as well as establish a pool of civilian talent to assist with basic nation-building tasks .
The same is true of climate change : agreement on certain aspects of the problem -LRB- say , deforestation -RRB- or involving only some countries -LRB- the major carbon emitters , for example -RRB- may prove feasible , whereas an accord that includes every country and tries to resolve every issue may not .
The Chinese need to see how they benefit from inclusion -- and how they would suffer from not being one of the countries shaping and buttressing today 's international institutions .
One useful step on our part would be to end the anachronism of bringing together many of the world 's principal leaders in the annual G-8 meeting of industrialized countries and not including China -LRB- or India or Brazil , for that matter -RRB- as a matter of course .
The Olympics are a venue in which individuals and countries compete , but in conformity with a set of rules . This is exactly what we want from China in the twenty-first century .
One result of this likely evolution in US policy is that pressure will shift to other countries , particularly China and India , to accept some limits on their own economic behavior .
There is also the chance that other countries such as Egypt or Saudi Arabia would develop or acquire nuclear weapons of their own . The United States could take steps to reduce these risks , including providing missile defense and security guarantees to selective countries , but it is far from clear that such efforts would succeed .
Iran is already one of the Middle East 's most powerful countries .
The incoming president faces extraordinary constraints -- constraints that will make it essential for other countries to do more if stability and prosperity are to be the norm rather than the exception .
And since Obama will want to meet some of those expectations , other countries had better be prepared for American requests -- and pressure -- that they act with the US rather than act against it or sit on their hands .
And China and other developing countries will be expected to do their share to reduce carbon emissions and slow the pace of global climate change .
European countries should be prepared for US calls to do more to meet the increasing security challenge in Afghanistan .
Countries of every sort will face requests to do their part to overcome hurdles to a new global trade accord .
Rich countries will be asked to reduce subsidies ; poor countries to open up their markets .
Developing countries are , if anything , even more opposed to such ceilings or `` caps . ''
But such a stance dooms prospects for a new global treaty , as developed countries will rightly insist that poorer countries be part of the solution .
So-called `` carbon tariffs '' are likely to be introduced to penalize imports from countries or companies deemed not to be doing enough to curb emissions .
Such reforms should appeal to rich and poor countries alike , as they would reduce spending on energy and dependence on oil imports .
The goal for the representatives of the nearly 200 countries who will meet in Copenhagen should not be a single sweeping agreement so much as a set of more modest agreements .
Here , too , mechanisms are needed for sharing new technologies and helping poorer countries pay for them in exchange for adopting policies that reduce greenhouse-gas emissions .
One objective for Copenhagen should be to create a well-endowed global fund to support policies that discourage the cutting and burning of trees , help countries such as Brazil and Indonesia protect their rain forests , and provide alternative livelihoods to those who currently benefit from destroying them .
To be sure , there is no global threat on the scale of the former Soviet Union , but there are dangerous challenges emanating from such countries as Iran and North Korea .
What was accomplished in Iraq -- and , more importantly , what the Iraqi people will now accomplish with American help -- will determine the future of one of the Middle East 's key countries .
For too long , these countries watched economic prosperity pass them by .
Good Policies for Great Countries
But the partnerships that prevailed in the Cold War -- between the US , Western Europe , and several Asian countries , including Japan , South Korea , and Australia -- are no longer adequate .
These countries lack the resources and often the will to manage most of the world 's problems .
Countries that are strong but still developing tend to regard foreign policy as little more than a hand-maiden of domestic policy and a means to gain access to markets and resources essential for rapid development .
And it is not just the developing and emerging countries that must reconsider their approach to the world .
In return , new arrangements should call on emerging countries to contribute more to addressing climate change , paying for peacekeeping and state-building , promoting free trade , and sanctioning those who support terror or develop weapons of mass destruction .
Multilateral backing can help sustain domestic approval , or at least tolerance , in the US and other countries , including the one where the hostilities are taking place .
There are successors , starting with Ayman al-Zawahiri in Al Qaeda , as well as in autonomous groups operating out of Yemen , Somalia , and other countries .
As we have recently witnessed , terrorists can be attacked and stopped before they can cause harm ; individuals and countries can be defended ; and societies can take steps to bolster their resilience when they are successfully attacked , as on occasion they inevitably will be .
In a matter of hours , more than 3,000 innocent people , mostly Americans , but also people from 115 other countries , had their lives suddenly and violently taken from them .
A mixture of instability , government weakness , and ideology in countries such as Yemen , Libya , Somalia , and Nigeria are providing fertile territory for terrorists to organize , train , and mount operations -- much as they did in Afghanistan did a decade ago .
American policymakers focused primarily on enlarging NATO to encompass many of the former Warsaw Pact countries , and on contending with the post-Yugoslav wars .
American companies export more than $ 300 billion in goods and services to countries in the region each year .
Meanwhile , Asian countries are a critical source of investment for the US economy .
For this reason , recent US efforts to strengthen ties with India and several Southeast Asian countries make good sense .
Only one of every four countries with Muslim majorities has a democratically elected government .
Worse yet , the gap between Muslim countries and the rest of the world is widening .
By the reckoning of Freedom House , a think-tank devoted to monitoring democracy worldwide , the number of `` free '' countries around the world increased by nearly three dozen over the past 20 years . Not one has a Muslim majority .
At various times , the US avoided scrutinizing the internal workings of friendly countries in the interest of ensuring a steady flow of oil ; containing Soviet , Iraqi , and Iranian expansionism ; addressing issues related to the Arab-Israeli conflict ; resisting communism in East Asia ; or securing military bases .
By failing to foster gradual democratization -- and yielding to a `` democratic exception '' in parts of the Muslim world -- America missed an opportunity to help these countries adapt to the stresses of a globalizing world .
There is a role for governments , international organizations , corporations , universities , and journalists -- from the US , but also from Europe and countries in Latin America , Asia , and Africa where democracy has taken root .
Indeed , it is difficult to imagine a more important task for established democracies than helping other countries join their ranks .
President Jacques Chirac of France , but also Brazil 's leftist president , Lula da Silva support a tax on airline tickets designed to finance poor countries ' development . Similarly , the centrist leader François Bayrou , has proposed imposing a `` Tobin tax '' -LRB- named after its creator , the Nobel laureate economist James Tobin -RRB- on financial transactions , with the proceeds to be used to support socially worthy causes .
The problem of the link between national identity and cultural pluralism is now surfacing in nearly the same way in the United Kingdom , Holland , and Denmark -- countries that , contrary to France , long ago chose a policy of multiculturalism .
With China 's mortgage lending equal to only 10 % of GDP , compared to 60-70 % in the Anglo-Saxon countries , there is huge opportunity for growth .
China wants to shift from low value-added , labor-intensive industries such as textiles to higher value-added sectors such as electronics and capital goods .
Marijuana cultivation remains illegal and coffee shop sales are regulated -- more strictly in recent years in response to complaints from neighboring countries about `` drug tourism . ''
If we merely add new institutions to EU countries ' already Byzantine arrangements , we will fail to address the effectiveness , flexibility , and smoothness of information transfer through the EU-level supervisory system .
But these effects will also occur in EU countries whose financial sectors have maintained a high degree of stability in the current crisis .
Delivery of financial services will be made more difficult and expensive everywhere , even though some countries ' banks are financed by stable long-term deposits rather than short-term interbank loans , with few toxic assets and local loans that are more than comfortably covered by local deposits .
This levy , strongly backed by those countries whose financial sectors are in tatters after the crisis , is hard to swallow for EU states that did not intervene to bail out their banks .
If applied , bank capital will be scarcer , the flow of credit slower , and bank fees higher in countries with pretty stable financial sectors , simply because others have spent a fortune to support their financial systems -- and because the European Commission never misses an opportunity to unify rules across the EU .
Over the last decade , we have watched as the Stability and Growth Pact -LRB- in which EU countries pledge to keep their public debts and deficits low -RRB- has dissipated in a mist of permissiveness .
But European institutions are now not only trying to repair the Pact , but are looking for ways to broaden its scope , making it possible to punish EU countries for `` macroeconomic imbalances . ''
Despite all the stakeholders -- Pakistan 's army and government , as well as Western countries -- knowing the scale of recent army action in Swat and Buner , millions of innocent people were left to fend for themselves as bombs rained down on them from the sky .
Indeed , only when the mass of internally displaced people swelled to 1.5 million -- the worst humanitarian disaster since the Rwanda genocide -- did foreign countries , including the US , decided to provide emergency aid .
This illiterate , armed , Wahhabi brand of ideology was imported -- as US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton admitted recently before House Appropriations Committee -- by the US from Saudi Arabia and other Middle Eastern countries in order to undermine the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan in the 1980 's .
The complementarities between countries rich in human resources and oil-producing states should be harnessed , while energy-derived investment must be diverted from the old markets of the West to the Gulf 's troubled hinterland .
AMMAN -- There seem to be a thousand and one interpretations of the changes sweeping across the countries of the Middle East and North Africa .
Governments provide these `` guarantees '' when they bail out failing banks ; central banks when they commit to peg an exchange rate ; the international community when it provides financial rescue packages to countries in trouble .
The solution , say advocates of this theory , requires countries to improve regulation and supervision of their financial systems and float their currencies , and for the international community to pull the plug on financial assistance .
In 1997 , when crisis hit East Asia -- countries with the highest savings rates in the world -- the blame was shifted yet again , this time to bad banks and excessive short-term debt .
When markets fear that a country might not repay its debts , they demand higher interest rates , which in turn make countries less willing or able to repay , justifying the initial fear .
Behind these visible assaults on identity found in every industrial country , the postcommunist countries confront other serious threats to both sovereignty and identity .
Unlike countries such as Mexico , Sweden or Austria , which are not members of NATO but have common borders with it , Russia -- which is much larger and more powerful than all of the Alliance 's other neighbors combined -- is consistently disquieted by NATO 's presence and is rather displeased to see it enlarge eastwards .
To a certain extent , this was valid : Although NATO harbored no aggressive intentions -- and , indeed , was unwilling even to help those European countries that were invaded militarily by their Soviet `` ally '' -- it made no secret of its aim to contain communism and of its perception of the Soviet Union as its strategic adversary .
While many other countries now also profess these values , they belong to other geographical areas and therefore -- if only for this purely external reason -- can not be considered part of the West .
At the same time , politicians in democratic countries need to think seriously about reforms of international institutions , because we desperately need institutions capable of real global governance .
Western diplomats had their countries ' economic interests to consider , but , unlike the Soviet side , they took seriously the idea of `` dissidents or trade . ''
It will be even worse if the EU countries try to mask their screening activities by inviting only diplomats to embassy celebrations in Cuba .
The EU opened a dialogue with the Cuban regime , sanctions were conditionally suspended , and it was even made clear to dissidents that they were not welcome at the embassies of several democratic countries .
And it is no surprise that the new member countries of the EU have brought to Europe fresh historical experience , and with it far less understanding for and tolerance of concession and compromise .
I fear that , with only a few exceptions , most countries have been surprised and caught off guard -- once again -- by the rapid course that events have taken in Burma .
Worse , however , is the number of countries that find it convenient to avert their eyes and ears from the deathly silence with which this Asian country chooses to present itself to the outside world .
We believe that the former communist Central and Eastern European countries are in a unique position to support the democracy movements in Cuba based on the similarities of their histories and experiences . Our intentions in pushing for democratization are based on friendship and cooperation , good will and an understanding of the needs , expectations and hopes of Cuban people .
Given the violent suppression of last September 's mass demonstrations -LRB- the `` Saffron Revolution '' -RRB- led by Burma 's Buddhist monks , and the constant repression in the country , it is not surprising that the military junta tries to shroud its despotic tendencies in pseudo-democratic measures such as the sham electoral process of the referendum .
We are concerned that the Beijing Olympics might simply become a giant spectacle to distract the attention of the international public from the violations of human and civil rights in China and in other countries with the Chinese government 's significant influence .
Moreover , the UN Security Council should impose an arms embargo against Burma , as it has in other countries similarly afflicted by conflict and serious human rights abuses .
Those countries supplying arms to Burma expose themselves to charges of complicity in the war crimes and crimes against humanity committed by the dictatorship .
After all , in a post-economic-crisis world of scarce public and private resources , disaster-relief efforts , one might argue , should target only poorer countries and peoples .
A shared sense of human solidarity is just as important to citizens of powerful countries as it is to poorer countries .
Japan has done its part . For decades , the Japanese have been generous in supporting people around the world in times of need , providing extensive financial assistance to developing countries and spearheading rescue and relief activities when disasters have struck .
Admitting surprise at the speed of events , Allah advises Al Qaeda groups to engage gently with the rising forces in these countries .
Most clearly , political change will not occur in the same fashion across the diverse countries of the Arab world .
In the absence of strong national institutions , change in these countries risks significant bloodshed .
Should chaos of the kind witnessed in Libya occur in the Persian Gulf countries , for example , the world could literally come to a standstill , given the quantity of oil that they supply .
In developed countries , breast cancer affects about one in ten women , and in many of these countries the disease is on the increase .
This October , 128 leading experts in the fields of human rights and equality from 44 countries launched a landmark attempt to build on the epochal 1948 UN declaration to establish universal human equality .
Some participants from the developing countries wanted poverty to be declared a proscribed basis of discrimination , while others argued that poverty is far too vague a concept to be the subject of legal rights and duties .
German political parties also are constitutionally more powerful than in other Western countries .
Even if some sort of communiqué is cobbled together in December -- and countries with elections coming up , such as the United Kingdom , will push for one -- it is hard to believe that it will contain sufficient detail or reflect the proper level of commitment to have the impact so desperately needed .
Finally , the Obama administration should bear in mind that in some countries , the old order will be replaced quickly .
In other countries , of course , the outcome might be much more promising -LRB- The American Revolution , Eastern Europe in 1989 -RRB- .
The world 's advice givers might try to keep this in mind when offering to help leaders of distant countries that are grappling with problems with which the adviser has little or no first-hand experience .
I would start by keeping in mind that some countries ' capacity to absorb advice is limited , so it should be offered in smaller portions .
In fact , there is a large body of literature that indicates that even countries in the aftermath of internal conflict can reach a higher level of compliance with these standards .
Above all , we need to show patience with the new governments of the countries we hope to see evolving toward democracy , and avoid the tendency to expect instant gratification .
In the months ahead , we can expect the region 's countries to remain focused on issues of governance and capacity building , human rights , and how to create economies that respond to their restive citizens ' demands for a better life .
But the absence of a peace process could also eventually influence internal developments in Middle East countries undergoing reform .
Some countries with needed capabilities have not brought them to the fight , and others have not even provided political support .
All of the countries that took the decision to intervene in Libya , including the US , must conduct themselves with a sense of renewed vigor , and with the understanding that NATO -- whatever its shortcomings and shortfalls -- must prevail .
Before that , a petition , signed by roughly 80 prominent British intellectuals and a few from other European countries , demanded the cessation of European Union funding for Israeli cultural projects and institutions .
If the British unions wanted to be ethically consistent , they should apply the same strategies to universities in the numerous countries where human rights are brutally abused and free speech suppressed .
Homeless at Home Today , the United Nations estimates that 77 million people -- more than 1 % of the world 's population -- are displaced within their own countries , having been forced to flee their homes by armed conflicts , violence , urbanization , development , and natural disasters .
Nor are rich countries immune .
On the preventive front , countless lives can be saved by simple actions such as flood-proofing coastlines , or strengthening earthquake codes for hospitals and schools . Countries like Bangladesh and Mozambique have proven that disaster risk reduction and preparedness can be a life-saving investment .
Countries like China became enmeshed in a web of multilateral organizations and subjugated to conditional engagement strategies .
Moreover , the majority of developing countries now actively embrace multilateral bodies as part of their development strategies .
Driven by its compulsion to make war on Iraq at all costs , Washington has shown little inclination to consider the war 's long-term impact on countries lying at the periphery of the war zone .
This partnership of more than 100 institutions in over 50 countries has already conserved 10 % of the world 's wild plant species , and is working towards conserving 25 % , focusing on those that are rare , endangered , and useful .
Many hundreds of scientists from different countries were involved as contributors and reviewers for these reports , which are probably the most comprehensive and thorough international assessments on any scientific subject ever carried out .
This implies that before 2050 global emissions of CO2 must be reduced to below 50 % of the 1990 level -LRB- they are currently 15 % above that level -RRB- , and that average emissions in developed countries must be reduced by at least 80 % of the 1990 level .
Regarding emissions from the burning of fossil fuels , the International Energy Agency -LRB- IEA -RRB- in its `` Energy Technology Perspectives '' has set out in detail the technologies and actions that are needed in different countries and sectors to meet these targets .
Rejecting the idea of a holy alliance between the two countries , al-Khatib said , `` This relationship was not a strategic alliance between the two countries , but a relationship of mutual interests and benefits . ''
Across the Arab world , the fall of Baghdad on April 9th is seen as a day of shame , reminiscent of June 5th 1967 , when Israel defeated the armies of three Arab countries , conquering the West Bank , Gaza Strip , and East Jerusalem in a mere six days .
Back then , the paramount question was : How did a small state like Israel defeat the armies of three Arab countries and occupy vast areas of Egyptian , Jordanian and Syrian territory in a few days ?
Their countries sank deeply into debt , with low rates of growth , endemic corruption , and bloated public sectors .
The best alternative to both is a voluntary movement toward democratic openness and political pluralism , enabling citizens across the Arab world to participate in making the future of their countries .
The Strategic Economic Dialogue sidestepped this disagreement on burden sharing and focused instead on what the two countries have in common . Both depend on imported oil for transport and on domestic coal for power generation .
Americans spend too much and save too little , leaving a $ 250 billion trade deficit financed by other countries . Much of this credit comes from China , where firms and citizens save too much and consume too little , leaving a surplus of both goods and capital that flows abroad .
This macroeconomic imbalance is reflected in the two countries ' carbon footprints .
Yet these five industries combined employ only 14 million people out of a total labor force of 770 million and fewer people than they did a decade ago .
For a country in an employment crisis , investing in energy-intensive industry is a losing strategy . Using climate policy to discipline these industries would help rebalance the economy while taking a bite out of China 's emissions .
If China imposes a carbon price for its energy-intensive manufacturing industries , the US wo n't need to do so at its border , lowering risks to the international trading system on which both countries rely .
The current crisis is already unwinding some of the imbalances that drive both countries ' energy and environment challenges .
US oil demand has fallen 8 % as consumers tighten their belts , and electricity demand in China is down by 10 % as energy-intensive industries cut production .
Allowing countries to pursue their own policies in these areas encourages competitiveness .
So far , everyone has had to move forward together , with individual countries negotiating specific opt-outs .
Countries that want to integrate further can do so .
There are some who say that this would mean a loss of influence on the part of those countries which choose not to integrate more closely .
If this perception was channeled democratically and allowed to shape Arab countries ' policies toward Israel , any peace negotiations would be even more complicated than they are now .
Other countries , such as Jordan , Morocco , Kuwait , Yemen , and Bahrain , have created more limited space for democracy . There , too , Islamists have immediately filled it .
It is a platform for political and religious opposition groups in the Arab countries .
Ever since Iranians used Twitter to swap information and inform the outside world about the mushrooming protests against the stolen presidential election of June 2009 , there has been much discussion about the role of digital activism in authoritarian countries like China .
Each of the 26 NATO allies has troops in Afghanistan , as do 11 other countries .
Soldiers from different countries operate almost as a single unit with shared objectives , similar methods , compatible equipment , and complementary skills .
Several countries , including NATO allies , have imposed `` national caveats '' that limit where their troops can be deployed or the tasks they undertake .
Although non-governmental organizations are doing an effective job , responsibilities assigned to different European countries -- such as helping the Afghan government with law enforcement and poppy eradication -- have fallen short of both needs and promises .
Even though 19 of NATO 's 26 members also belong to the EU , leaders and bureaucrats in most of these countries have been unwilling to back the commitment of their troops with the economic resources needed .
One or two EU countries might object that this would mix institutional apples and oranges .
But NATO is also acting because some European countries want to show Washington that they can pull their security weight even though they refuse to go near the war in Iraq .
This devastation is even more dramatic because , since the invasion four years ago , only 3,183 Iraqis have been resettled in third countries .
According to the UN High Commission for Refugees , all countries combined have offered a chance to start a new life to approximately the same number of Iraqi refugees as flee the country in just five days .
Because they are urban refugees -- not housed in tents , but rather blending in with the local population in the host countries -- they are easily ignored .
Last month , I traveled to four countries in the Middle East to meet refugees and learn about their stories and options .
It is not a matter of ill will on the part of these countries ; they simply can not afford to extend these services .
But for this to happen , countries with traditionally generous refugee programs should come forward and offer more places to receive Iraqis .
Should the US not take the lead , the only hope is that other countries will be more generous .
The Iraqi refugees are a crisis that can not be ignored : the international community must alleviate the burden on the countries in the region , while offering resettlement opportunities to many more of the most vulnerable Iraqis .
The first Gulf War -LRB- 1990-91 -RRB- , brought nearly one million foreign fighters from 35 countries to the Arabian Peninsula , along with their modern weapons systems , communications gear , and different lifestyles .
Nearly all countries neighboring Saudi Arabia already practice one form of electoral participation or another , although most of these nods toward democracy are defective in some way .
For years , ordinary Saudis watched with envy parliamentary debates on Arab satellite channels , in countries richer than theirs , such as Kuwait , as well as in poorer ones , such as Yemen and Jordan .
In the four ministries the Islamists ran , they imposed restrictions on female staff members , triggering widespread protests that ultimately forced the four ministers to resign .
Under the Barcelona Accord of 1995 , the European Union offered aid and trade to several Arab countries , in exchange for progress on democratic reform .
By 2000 , Estonia 's IT development in government services and sectors like banking had reached a level attained by only a few other countries in Europe .
Given the importance of energy in our lives , it is understandable that many EU countries want to shield their companies from competition , and so oppose liberalizing the energy market .
Although Egypt and Tunisia 's pro-democracy movements achieved rapid regime change , uncertainties remain in those countries , too .
Each of the countries of the Middle East and North Africa will face unique challenges , which will have to be addressed on their own terms .
Finally , countries in transition need support -- not only money , but also technical know-how to implement highly complex reforms .
That lesson , too , is one that all countries in transition should bear in mind .
Indeed , if current trends continue , by 2050 , nine in ten adults in many developed countries will be overweight or obese .
In middle-income countries , too , average body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- is rising steadily .
But developing countries are also at risk .
Reducing oil use in the transport sector is essential to preventing starvation in poor countries .
Until agriculture unshackles itself from dependence on oil , gas tanks in rich countries and stomachs in poor countries will be competing to be filled .
Insulating homes in high-income countries in order to save energy would prevent cold-related deaths .
Likewise , use of fuel-efficient cooking stoves in poor countries would reduce the number of children -- currently around one million per year -- who die from respiratory infections caused or worsened by the burning of solid fuels .
Moreover , epidemiological studies indicated that BSE was likely to have been transmitted to cattle -LRB- and other species -RRB- by meat-and-bone-meal animal feed produced by UK rendering plants and exported to many countries .
This pattern of trade has now been mirrored in the increasing geographical spread of BSE from the UK to other countries in Europe , and more recently to Japan and the United States .
When European corporations outsource labor-intensive manufacturing to low-cost countries but keep the rest of the production process in Europe , they greatly complicate matters for anyone trying to evaluate the economics of trade defense .
Sweden 's National Board of Trade conducted a case study of five European shoe producers in different countries and market segments to establish where the value added in their production processes was created .
Nor was it clear which models provide the most reasonable account of the functioning of the economy , especially in a case where more or less heterogeneous countries were to form a monetary union .
After all , is it not premature -- if not plainly arrogant - to claim that all this evidence collected over many centuries and across numerous countries has lost any meaning for the present and the future ?
Yet it has become a reality of daily life for almost 320 million people in 15 European countries .
It is not difficult to imagine what would have happened during the recent financial-market crisis if the euro-area countries still had all their national currencies : immense speculation against some currencies , heavy interventions by central banks , and finally a collapse of the parity system .
Changes in exchange rates of the type seen in 1991-1992 have a strong impact on relative prices for goods traded between different countries .
In countries that experienced strong currency appreciation , companies -LRB- and unions , for that matter -RRB- are exposed to a sudden and severe loss in competitiveness .
Ban the Common Bond FRANKFURT -- With the deepening of the global financial crisis , spreads between the government bonds of different European Monetary Union -LRB- EMU -RRB- countries for a while widened dramatically .
In EMU 's early years , long-term interest rates in euro-zone countries more or less converged to the low levels seen in countries like France , Germany , and the Netherlands before the euro 's introduction .
Moreover , before the crisis , differences in long-term interest rates among EMU members were around 25 basis points , despite unfavorable fiscal developments in some EMU countries .
But today , countries with rising budget deficits , like Ireland , along with countries with high levels of public debt , like Greece and Italy , are at risk to pay substantially higher rates on their government bonds .
Risk-averse investors may now demand higher risk premia for buying bonds from countries seen as weak debtors .
On the other hand long-term interest rates in countries with stronger fiscal positions -- France , Germany , and Finland -- have enjoyed low rates as a consequence of a `` flight to quality . ''
This rise in long-term interest rates has hit the countries with sharply deteriorating fiscal positions hardest .
It is even suggested that some countries might abandon EMU if this process continues -- a threat that , if carried out , would amount to economic suicide .
The main idea is to reduce the risk premia paid by debtors with lower fiscal credibility . But this can be achieved only by implicit or explicit guarantees from EMU countries with sound public finances .
A `` true '' pan-European bond would have to entail a joint guarantee by all countries of the full bond issue , with the `` strongest '' guaranteeing the `` weakest , '' which supporters of a bond idea suggest constitutes true European solidarity .
A common bond would eliminate the interest-rate spread between bonds issued by different euro-zone countries , so the question that must be addressed is what effect its issuance would have on the level of the interest rate , and more importantly on future fiscal policy and the euro itself .
A common euro-zone bond certainly implies that countries like France and Germany would have to pay higher interest rates , ultimately resulting in higher tax burdens for their citizens .
Moreover , once the markets expect substantial amounts of the common bond to be issued , interest rates on the huge stock of existing -- purely national -- bonds of solid countries would be likely to increase substantially .
To see why , recall that the immediate trigger for rising interest-rate spreads was financial markets ' growing concerns about the solidity of some euro-zone countries , owing to dramatic deterioration in their current and expected fiscal positions .
Encouraging weak countries to prolong their reliance on budget deficits by holding out the hope of a de facto bail-out would be very costly for EMU 's more solid countries , while undermining EMU 's hard-won credibility as an area of stability and fiscal soundness . And this latter cost would have to be paid by all euro-zone countries .
Any policy that forces countries that opted for fiscal solidity to pay for those with large deficits and high debt levels would strongly undermine public support for the euro zone .
`` Solidarity '' in the true sense means that all euro-zone countries should comply with EMU 's fundamental rules by adhering to the Stability and Growth Pact and the `` no bail-outs '' principle .
Countries tempted to undermine these principles by failing to fulfill their solemn commitments only demonstrate their own lack of solidarity .
That has been the missing ingredient , not only in Iraq , but also in other countries ruled by despots .
These bombings , and others since , have targeted the Iraqi state and its infrastructure , including the ministries of finance and foreign affairs and municipal and judicial offices .
Whether competent technocrats , or as has happened in the past , party hacks are appointed to the ministries will be a telling sign .
Middle-income , low-price\/wage countries would grow faster with a higher inflation rate .
Eurozone countries grew at a reasonably high rate , per-capita income and price levels converged , and interest-rate spreads narrowed , with only occasional minor turmoil in the markets .
Several countries successfully joined the eurozone after fiscal and monetary reforms .
The US , the IMF , and others had encouraged Asian countries to increase exchange-rate flexibility .
But solving any of them will be extremely hard , and if these problems are not resolved in Greece and other troubled eurozone members , these other countries will follow the same path .
Like Japan in the 1980 's , China must defend itself from US claims that the renminbi 's weakness is the source of the imbalances between the two countries .
Yankee Bases Go Home RIO DE JANEIRO -- Last month , the leaders of all 12 countries of South America -LRB- except one -RRB- gathered in Quito , Ecuador 's capital , for the summit of the Union of South American Nations . UNASUR or UNASUL -LRB- depending on whether one speaks Spanish or Portuguese -RRB- was established by the twelve presidents in Brasília in May 2008 with the aim of furthering economic and political integration .
The radical polarization of the Andean region between those two countries will create difficulties in building regional consensus and security problems in the Amazon , as well as weakening the Brazilian project for South American political and economic integration .
This vast transformation has not only generated a virtuous circle that strengthened institutional stability and social capital . It has also differentiated Brazil from other countries in Latin America , putting the country in the forefront in the region in terms of dealing with traditional social and economic injustices in a democratic way .
I am one of several dozen of the Guantánamo who can not return to our native countries because we would likely be tortured and abused .
The analysis shows how all major economic sectors -- including many energy-intensive industries -- will grow .
For example , energy-efficient buildings are a boon to the cement and chemical industries .
Less noticed is a key factor contributing to this malaise : the inability of the Maghreb countries -- Algeria , Libya , Mauritania , Morocco , and Tunisia -- to increase their economic cooperation .
Indeed , the Arab Union estimates that the lack of regional integration costs each country two percentage points of annual GDP growth , while the African Economic Commission reckons that if a Maghreb Union existed , the five countries would each gain 5 % of GDP .
These countries can no longer afford to wait .
But today only 1.2-2 % of the five Maghreb countries ' foreign trade is within the region .
The potential for intra-Maghreb trade seems to be constrained partly by the similarity of the economies of some countries , notably Morocco and Tunisia .
For the two countries ' exports to the European Union , the Finger-Kreinin index , which measures trade similarities , is more than 70 % .
Second , regional integration would reduce `` hub-and-spoke '' effects between the EU and the Maghreb -- effects that arise when a large `` hub '' country or region signs bilateral trade deals with several smaller countries .
The globalization of markets is acting as a powerful economic regulator of economies , but it is also destabilizing the world 's weakest zones . If the Maghreb countries fragment further into mutually hostile , protectionist entities , the only possible outcome is economic growth that is too slow to meet their populations ' expectations -- already raised by the mounting contrasts in living standards north and south of the Mediterranean .
Nothing highlights the benefits of regional integration as starkly as major infrastructure projects that are of common interest to several countries .
The first two countries to be reviewed will be Ghana and South Africa .
Will NEPAD insist on mechanisms for the periodic and peaceful change of political leadership in member countries ?
Will it block leaders from changing their countries ' constitutions to allow them to seek re-election after their term limits are over ?
A cursory glance at most of the conflict-ridden countries in Africa shows that monopolization of political power over extended periods of time has not only helped institutionalize corruption , as leaders surround themselves with trusted relatives and cronies , but has also been a major cause of coups and conflict .
All these states are in peril of sliding into violent conflict . So are countries like Gabon and Cameroon -- both members of the APR Forum -- where Omar Bongo and Paul Biya , respectively , have been in power for decades .
The few African countries that already have such institutions in place -- among them South Africa , Kenya , Nigeria , Ghana , Zambia , and Senegal -- are clearly moving in the right direction .
The improving quality of life in all those countries shows that such reforms work .
Then , as now , the backlash came chiefly from rich industrial countries , rather than from poor peripheral countries which were often seen as the objects of capitalist exploitation .
It was advanced countries that imposed tariffs against `` unfair '' competition from abroad .
Again , there is an anti-international right that has come to play some role in all the major industrial countries , and that tries to defend existing prosperity and property rights from the vagaries of international markets .
By themselves , the labor-market implications of poor countries ' accession to the EU simply are not very dislocating .
Now they are the countries that feel most threatened , and bookshops in both countries are full of alarmist and sensational accounts of national decline .
These include not only the rapidly growing formerly communist countries to the east , Poland and the Czech Republic , but also Denmark , the Netherlands , Austria , and Switzerland , upon which Germans traditionally looked down .
Because of fears about pollution , or about the safety of nuclear energy , most countries neglected to build up their own capacity .
Periods of globalization have been eras of considerable economic advance ; but they have also increased inequality within particular countries , as markets rewarded scarce factors of production , thus fueling powerful political backlashes that endangered the continuation of trade and financial integration .
Competition policy , however , faces great difficulty in dealing with industries in which technical breakthroughs can create apparently instant monopolies .
It was precisely in the world 's most financially sophisticated countries -- the US , the United Kingdom , France , and Switzerland -- that the flaws in bank supervision -LRB- both external and in terms of financial institutions ' internal risk management -RRB- were most apparent .
More recently , in the early 1980 's , the International Monetary Fund and the central banks in the big industrial countries teamed up to pressure banks into extending more credit to the big Latin American debtor countries .
The size of the calamity raises the question of whether small countries can really afford bank bailouts .
By that time , countries were looking with eager interest at financial models developed elsewhere .
The 1933 World Economic Conference also met in London , at the Geological Museum , with an even broader range of participants from 66 countries .
Many European countries can not afford a stimulus package , owing to overstretched public finances , and instead want to make progress on the international regulation of banking .
The second , more radical approach , tries to improve not the economy but the way people themselves go about their lives .
As a consequence , in most countries , credit is still contracting .
In the second , more successful , phase , an increasing number of countries adopted either explicit or implicit inflation targets .
Savings rates shot up . Spending on automobiles ground to a halt , until government stimulus programs in many countries revived it .
The more governments are prepared to step in , and the greater the resources of those governments , the more big banks and big countries will be favored .
The next 20 years will see a different globalization , in which the winners are large , powerful countries that mobilize government resources in the interest of creating winners in the race for financial supremacy .
The drive in the 1930 's to restrict banking activities occurred in many countries .
And California , too , is suffering massive fiscal difficulties and declining competitiveness in some of the industries in which Californians were once pioneers .
But in the aftermath of a crisis , countries put national interests above their willingness to go along with international rules .
The Germans pressed for clearly defined fiscal rules , but other countries wanted more wiggle room .
Americans , by contrast , thought that Japan and Germany were artificially holding down their currencies ' value in order to get an unfair advantage for their politically powerful export industries .
One strategy , termed `` benign neglect , '' was to let the surplus countries pile up reserves until they realized that they had a very big problem .
When Federal Reserve Chairman Arthur Burns objected on the grounds that other countries might retaliate , Connolly replied , `` Let 'em .
What can they do ? '' The point was clear : `` So the other countries do n't like it .
But this was due not to bilateral corrections in these countries ' trade relationships with the US , but mostly to their energy dependence and the decade 's energy price shocks .
This did not , however , imply a return to the 1930 's , in large part because energy dependence forced industrial countries to maintain an open trade regime so that they could earn the money to pay for oil and gasoline .
Today , the fastest way to really make this `` the Asian century '' is to give Asian exporters a similarly unpleasant shock , thereby spurring the creation of an Asian community of surplus countries .
Faced by uncertain re-election prospects , and worried about job losses , US President George W. Bush has begun to blame other countries , sending his Treasury Secretary to demand that they raise their exchange rates in order to make foreign goods more expensive for American consumers .
But the end of the fixed exchange-rate regime for industrial countries did not end activist management of currencies .
The scenario of the early 1970 's was replayed with floating rates in the mid-1980 's , with the meetings of the major countries ' finance ministers first forcing down the Yen and the D-mark against the dollar , and then trying in 1987 to hold rates stable .
Moreover , the US still has a powerful weapon because other countries hold so many dollars : the current estimate is that 46 % of US Treasury bonds are held overseas .
Only one fact really mattered : powerful export performance , with both countries maintaining large trade surpluses over several years and through different stages of the economic cycle .
The historical experience of Germany and Japan , and the recent financial turmoil of the big industrialized countries , seems to warn against such a policy shift .
That was what happened in the major industrial countries in the 1930 's , where an acute crisis in 1931-1933 , with some government recapitalization , was followed by a decade of contracting bank lending to private firms .
In many countries , the fall in bank lending was partly offset by an increase in lending to governments , which thought that the banks should recycle society 's savings directly into public-sector spending .
Moreover , in many countries , notably in the United Kingdom , banks lent more to homeowners than they did to businesses .
Instead , the Smoot-Hawley Tariff Act closed off American markets and provoked other countries into a spiral of retaliatory trade measures .
After World War II , as a leading figure in developing the Marshall Plan , Kindleberger set about applying these lessons : the US should keep its markets and its flow of funds open to support other countries .
For a moment , it looked as if a contagious crisis , driven by fears of government over-indebtedness , would destroy the politically fragile compromise that European countries had carefully constructed over a 50-year period .
As the US pushes China to revalue the renminbi , American economists try to support the case for a stronger renminbi by looking at examples of surplus countries that adjusted by carrying out more expansionary policies .
The most extraordinary contribution to this debate has come from the International Monetary Fund , whose April 2010 World Economic Outlook contains a chapter on how adjustment by surplus countries can be generally beneficial .
Other countries , such as Greece , needed to have a full-blown crisis in order to prompt such adjustment measures , whereas Britain was acting prudently and preemptively .
If Britain , with a relatively low share of public debt to GDP -LRB- 64.6 % -RRB- is worried , the implication is that many other countries should be much more concerned .
At the moment , there has not been widespread revulsion against all government debt , and some countries today clearly have better access than others to capital markets , enabling them to finance their deficits externally .
The debate about room for fiscal maneuver in practice soon becomes a debate about whether countries that have easily financed debt in the past can automatically continue to do so .
When that bubble collapses , it will hit not just the weaker countries -- the equivalent of sub-prime mortgages -- but also stronger creditors .
For the past 200 years , with the exception of the Great Depression , major financial crises originated in poor and unstable countries , which then needed major policy adjustments .
Today 's crisis started in rich industrial countries -- not only with sub-prime mortgages in the United States , but also with mismanagement of banks and public debt in Europe .
In successive waves of painful crisis -- in Latin America in the 1980 's , and in East Asia after 1997 -- countries learned a better approach to economic policy and developed a more sustainable framework for managing public-sector debt .
Banks had reassured themselves with the belief that countries could not become insolvent .
But then a wide range of inherently different countries seemed to line up like a row of dominos .
A Latin American default would have brought down the banking systems of all the major industrial countries , causing something like a replay of the Great Depression .
A substantial immediate haircut on the sovereign debt of the vulnerable eurozone countries would be so destructive that it would set off a new round of bank panics .
Because IBM , according to the article , produced in 14 countries and sold in 109 , it `` contains in itself the globalization -LRB- mondializzazione -RRB- of capitalist imperialism . ''
Indeed , countries that had previously been described as `` under-developed '' or `` Third World '' were becoming incipient global hegemons .
Many countries in the early 1930 's had terrible bank runs , which inflicted immense and immediate damage , decimating employment by bringing down businesses that were fundamentally creditworthy .
At that time , it was often argued that price spikes for petroleum or other commodities were somehow `` extraneous '' to the system , and not a reflection of the real basis of monetary policy in the industrial countries .
But the oil-price shocks that came after 1973 were in part also a response to the major industrial countries ' monetary policy in the later 1960 's and early 1970 's .
That led to protests in many poorer countries , and to a political determination to extract additional gains from other commodity exports .
PRINCETON -- There are historical precedents for sovereign-debt defaults by the countries of Europe 's southern periphery , but they are not instantly attractive ones .
A default contagion would have brought down the banking systems of all the major industrial countries , and caused the world to relive something like the financial crisis of the Great Depression .
The initial approach was to link policy improvements in the borrowing countries not only with help from international institutions , but also with additional lending from the banks -- which seemed to defy the most elementary canons of sensible bank behavior .
Moreover , despite the obvious `` reform fatigue '' of Latin American electorates , the debtor countries had engaged in a substantial measure of reform .
At the moment , the combination of excesses still evident in the financial sector and in public finance in many countries calls for some fairly tough police action .
Because of low interest rates in the United States , major financial institutions can borrow cheaply in dollars and then chase much higher returns in the major emerging-market countries .
Emerging-market policymakers in big countries such as Brazil , China , and Turkey routinely attack the US and its monetary policy as a source of inflation , social tension , and political instability .
The most obvious and dangerous consequence of low interest rates in the major industrial countries is their impact on commodity prices , which is especially pronounced for food and fuel .
Higher food prices have had a major impact in expanding the area devoted to cultivation in many countries , and have led to higher output levels worldwide .
Brazil , Russia , and China , but also Algeria , Egypt , and South Africa -- indeed , all African countries that have maintained functioning governments -- have seen dramatic increases in food production over the past decade .
After the 1997-1998 Asia crisis , and as authoritarian regimes in South Korea and Indonesia disintegrated , these relationships were suddenly interpreted as corrupt , and the counter-view -- that `` crony capitalism '' had become entrenched in these countries -- soon prevailed .
But exchange-rate appreciation put great strain on the export industries that were central to these countries ' economic performance ; and both countries tried desperately to avoid becoming reserve currencies .
The current turmoil eventually will lead smaller European countries to look for ways to tie themselves much more closely to the euro .
Even in larger countries , the costs and benefits of membership in a currency union are under renewed consideration .
Most glaringly , the question of how to allocate the costs of some member countries ' unsustainable debt overhang has not been adequately addressed .
It is easy to conclude that no one is in charge : not the national governments , and certainly not the ineffective European Commission in Brussels , with which the large member countries seem to be practically at war .
In a stable world of confident markets , small countries can rest easy with their own monetary regimes .
That model was transferred to many other countries , and became the bedrock on which modern financial stability was built .
In the post-1945 period , government finance in rich industrial countries was also overwhelmingly national at first , and the assumptions of 1688 still held .
Borrowing countries such as Argentina or the Ottoman Empire regularly defaulted .
Lenders to defaulting countries were also punished , as their instruments -LRB- mostly bonds -RRB- became worthless .
The defaults of that time were not confined to one country , but swept across the globe in a contagious panic that destroyed financial systems in lending as well as borrowing countries .
After that , the IMF began to encourage some countries to renegotiate debt rather than seek new money , at least if they were relatively small scale borrowers such as Ukraine or Pakistan and thus could not endanger the whole system .
Argentina 's other threat , not to repay the IMF , challenged the old system just as profoundly and seemed for some to be a justified response to years of bad policy advice from the IMF and the G-7 countries .
The countries that did would probably find that their new currencies immediately traded at a heavy discount .
In this sense , the core countries would be the equivalent of eighteenth - and early nineteenth-century Britain , which had only a gold-standard regime .
In the 1920 's , the world economy was reconstructed around a fixed exchange rate regime in which many countries held their reserves not in gold -LRB- as was the practice before the First World War -RRB- but in foreign exchange , especially in British pounds sterling .
Some countries that traded a great deal with Britain , or were in the orbit of British imperial rule , continued to hold reserves in pounds after 1931 .
The sterling balances proved to be the starting point of vast and inefficient state planning regimes that did long-term harm to growth prospects in all the countries that took this course .
Reserves are also clearly important for countries that produce only a few goods -- especially commodity producers -- and thus face big and unpredictable swings in world market prices .
Today 's big surplus countries do not need large reserves .
It did not matter that the catch-up countries ' economic `` miracles '' were produced in part by illiberal policies guided by government bureaucracies . The outcome was an endorsement of the lessons of economic liberalism .
This year , ten million children will die in low - and middle-income countries .
If child death rates were the same as those in developed countries , this figure would be lower than one million .
Conversely , if child death rates were those of rich countries just 100 years ago , the figure would be 30 million .
Today 's tools for improving health are so powerful and inexpensive that health conditions could be reasonably good even in poor countries if policymakers spent even relatively little in the right places .
Some 90 % of the 1.6 million tuberculosis deaths in 2003 occurred in low - and middle-income countries .
Most will occur in poor countries .
For dozens of countries around the world , the AIDS epidemic threatens every aspect of development .
On a recent trip to these countries , and despite repeated requests , no politician or public-health official in either country would meet with me .
Both countries have epidemics driven by injecting drug users -LRB- IDUs -RRB- who share needles and syringes , the most efficient way to transmit HIV .
International aid supports harm-reduction efforts in both countries on a modest scale : most of the money comes from the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis , and Malaria .
Many countries outside the region take a similar stance .
Harm reduction works everywhere , and the main financial benefactors are the countries themselves , which see reduced spread of HIV , drops in crime , and people returning to work .
Paradoxically , while wars are environmentally destructive , former military zones , both within and between countries , often become wildlife refuges where endangered plant and animal species thrive .
During the past several decades , these ecosystems have been damaged and reduced in most countries along the Indian Ocean .
Complicated lines of transport using transit countries are often used .
One is that industrial and developing countries march at different speeds when it comes to phasing out CFC 's .
The rapid increase of foam plastic production in export processing zones is thought to be based on their purchase of CFC-dependent production units from OECD countries .
Death and Tobacco Taxes A global killer is ripping through the world 's poorer countries largely unchecked .
The same addiction that became the top preventable cause of death in Western countries has made big inroads in developing countries .
Smoking killed 100 million people in the twentieth century , mostly in developed countries .
On current trends smoking will kill about one billion people in the twenty-first century , mostly in developing countries .
Perhaps 150 million young adults will be killed by tobacco in these two countries alone , unless there is widespread cessation .
Most OECD countries began to take tobacco control seriously in the last two decades , and have decreased male tobacco deaths since .
In many countries , tobacco taxes have fallen in real terms .
Spurious economic arguments against higher taxes have been debunked in the West , but are still commonly repeated in the finance ministries of developing countries .
Indeed , even sharply reduced demand for tobacco would not mean unemployment in most countries .
In countries with good information about tobacco risks , by the time child smokers become adults , more than 80 % wish they never started .
Developing countries must not be fooled by the empty economic arguments that paralyzed control efforts in the West for so long .
There are hopeful signs : more than 160 countries have signed the World Health Organization 's global tobacco control treaty , and the Caribbean heads of state have recently declared they want to tackle tobacco together .
About 150-180 million tobacco deaths would be avoided before 2050 if the proportion of adults in developing countries who quit smoking increases from below 5 % today to 30-40 % by 2020 -LRB- like current quit rates in Canada -RRB- .
It has browbeaten other countries into boycotting the award ceremony .
The trip is being carefully managed by both countries , and is being watched closely around the world , with good reason : Sino-Japanese relations over the past decade have been turbulent , to say the least .
But , unlike three decades ago , when the Japanese regarded China as one of their most favored countries , public opinion in both countries nowadays registers more negative feelings than positive ones .
Despite new joint projects in energy efficiency and environmental protection , areas in which China ranks Japan as the best performer among industrialized countries , the two sides remain in bitterly divided over these territorial waters , which contain huge potential oil , gas , and other mineral deposits .
Then came the riots in Tibet , which caught the government off guard , followed by embarrassing protests over China 's Olympic torch relay in several Western and Asian countries .
He assured Chinese leaders that the United States is committed to honoring all its debts , despite its recent credit downgrade ; he talked enthusiastically about US-China interdependence ; and he showcased his granddaughter , who has studied Chinese for several years , as a future bridge between the two countries .
And the world 's only military superpower is often seen within China as trigger-happy when intervening in other countries ' internal affairs .
Despite decades of close interaction , with millions of Americans , Europeans , and Japanese visiting China every year and similar numbers of Chinese now visiting the US and other advanced countries , both sides see each other through a glass darkly .
Progress on further structural reforms -- such as currency and capital-account liberalization and weaning state-controlled industries off state capital -- has been slow , and new initiatives have been piecemeal rather than comprehensive .
But ever-bigger business also had a profound social impact , and here the ledger entries were not all in the positive column .
In particular , the US should consider introducing a value-added tax -LRB- VAT -RRB- , widely used in other industrialized countries .
The deduction is currently available on mortgages of up to $ 1 million , this forming a key component of America 's excessive incentives to buy houses -- a policy eschewed by most other industrialized countries .
This comes despite the combined bailout package that the European Union , International Monetary Fund , and European Central Bank created for Greece in May , and despite the ECB 's continuing program of buying peripheral EU countries ' bonds .
The IMF , which should be standing up to this dangerous bargain , instead plans to open the spigots -LRB- with Chinese , American , and other countries ' funds -RRB- even more widely to insolvent nations .
On August 30 , the Fund abolished ceilings on its `` Flexible Credit Line '' facility , which was introduced in 2009 to provide rapid funds to countries in temporary crisis .
Moreover , the IMF announced a new financing program called a `` Precautionary Credit Line , '' which will provide funds more quickly and with even fewer conditions -- even to countries without `` sound public finance '' and `` effective financial supervision . ''
The trick was to offer banks the opportunity to swap their claims on -LRB- insolvent -RRB- Latin American countries into long-maturity , low-coupon bonds that were collateralized with US Treasuries .
At the same time , this swap reduced troubled countries ' debt-payment obligations -- allowing them to get back on their feet .
The issue is usually framed in terms of whether some countries are `` cheating '' by holding their exchange rates at an undervalued rate , thus boosting their exports and limiting imports relative to what would happen if their central banks floated the local currency freely .
In most countries , such intervention would tend to push up inflation , because the central bank issues local currency in return for dollars .
In principle , the IMF is supposed to press countries with undervalued exchange rates to let their currencies appreciate .
The rhetoric from the Fund has been ambitious , including at the recently concluded annual meeting of its shareholders -- the world 's central banks and finance ministries -- in Washington .
Its handling of the Asian financial crisis in 1997-1998 severely antagonized leading middle-income emerging-market countries -- and they still believe that the Fund does not have their interests at heart .
As a result , emerging-market countries , aiming to ensure that they avoid needing financial support from the IMF in the foreseeable future , are increasingly following China 's lead and trying to ensure that they , too , run current-account surpluses .
These deficits facilitate the surpluses that emerging markets such as China want to run -- the world 's current accounts add up to zero , so if one large set of countries wants to run a surplus , someone big needs to run a deficit .
The Germans , responding to the understandable public backlash against taxpayer-financed bailouts for banks and indebted countries , are sensibly calling for mechanisms to permit `` wider burden sharing '' -- meaning losses for creditors .
That experience showed that countries default when the costs are lower than the benefits .
Recent German statements have pushed key European countries decisively closer to that point .
Countries that are near the point where `` ca n't pay '' becomes `` wo n't pay '' have high interest rates relative to benchmark `` safe '' debt issued by other governments , because even small shocks can shift the balance for decision-makers towards default .
Seen in these terms , it is clear why the German government 's proposed debt-restructuring mechanism immediately shifts weaker eurozone countries towards default .
Moreover , the benefits rise , because the restructuring clauses required for new debt , together with Germany 's highly visible efforts to avoid future government bailouts , raise the interest-rate spreads that weaker countries must pay today .
Bond-market participants naturally turn now to calculating `` recovery values '' -- what creditors will get if countries default today .
Given the vulnerability of so many eurozone countries , it appears that Merkel does not understand the immediate implications of her plan .
The Germans and other Europeans insist that they will provide new official financing to insolvent countries , thus keeping current bondholders whole , while simultaneously creating a new regime after 2013 under which all this debt could be easily restructured .
In effect , the European Union and the ECB are now being forced to return with overly generous support to the weak countries -- including buying up all their debt , if necessary .
So the ECB should decide which countries are inherently solvent , and then protect them against a liquidity squeeze with new , scaled-up interventions that do target interest rates .
At that point , the Europeans should get on with completing their monetary cordon sanitaire : orderly debt restructuring in all countries with debt burdens that are too large to be credibly restructured in Merkel 's new regime .
But longer-term US interest rates are very much affected by what happens in the rest of the world -- and how private-sector investors view US government debt relative to other countries ' sovereign debt .
The stability of the international financial system today depends on the willingness of countries with rigid exchange rates to allow greater flexibility .
Countries that ran significant current-account surpluses , built up large reserves , and fixed -LRB- or heavily managed -RRB- their exchange rates in order to support the first two objectives appeared to secure external stability .
Yet , in many ways , accumulating reserves worked better than anyone could have imagined -- countries found that they could withstand considerable shocks and growth was impressive both domestically and globally .
So , within a few years , many countries concluded that their pegs could work fine if supported by large enough war chests of official reserves .
As long as US assets were attractive to residents of surplus countries -LRB- or there was an acceptable chain of investments from surplus countries that ended in the US -RRB- , these accumulations of reserves were sustainable .
The US is to reduce its deficit , with the surplus countries proposing sensible steps to bring down their surpluses in ways that support global growth .
In fact , currencies of surplus countries with heavily managed exchange rates have actually depreciated in real effective terms since the summer , creating inflationary pressure and frustrating global adjustment .
This has also shifted the burden of adjustment disproportionately onto countries with floating currencies , such as the euro and the Canadian and Australian dollar .
The lack of adjustment of surplus countries with inflexible exchange rate-regimes means that as the US deficit falls , a counterbalancing deficit develops elsewhere in the world -- along with real effective exchange rate appreciation .
But expanding demand and allowing real effective exchange rate appreciation in China will not be enough if other countries do not do their part .
The politics is not so simple , but we need cooperation between countries to reduce these risks , and we need it now .
Countries borrowed from the IMF only under duress , when all else failed -- and when there was simply no other way to pay for essential imports .
The last time we saw this kind of precipitate fiscal austerity -- when countries were tied to the gold standard -- it contributed directly to the onset of the Great Depression in the 1930 's .
Since early 2009 , the Fund has had significantly greater resources to lend to countries in trouble , to cushion the blow of crisis , and to offer a form of international circuit-breaker when it looks like the lights might otherwise go out .
The IMF might reasonably take the position that ECB policies have been overly contractionary -- resulting in a strong euro and very low inflation -- and are no longer appropriate for member countries in the midst of a financial collapse .
In dozens of other countries where JP Morgan operates subsidiaries , branches , or other kinds of business , there would be `` plain vanilla '' bankruptcy -- while some governments would jump in with various ad hoc arrangements .
Responsible policymakers in other G-20 countries are very clear on this point : no one will agree ex ante to a specific way of handling the failure of any global bank .
In response to the crisis of 2007-2009 , governments in most industrialized countries put in place some of the most generous bailouts ever seen for large financial institutions .
And it worked -- in the sense that we are now experiencing an economic recovery , albeit one with a disappointingly slow employment rebound in the US and some European countries .
To create some certainty and achieve the scale of investment necessary to make a major change in our economic direction , it must be clear to business that political leaders , from developed and developing countries alike , are committed to this course .
Worse still , the demographic threat is being heightened by the way most countries finance their public pension schemes .
Unfortunately , this intuitively simple expectation does not fit with what actually happens in most industrialized countries .
The accessibility of early retirement varies widely across different countries and different sectors .
While paths to retirement as early as age 50 exist in some countries , in others the lowest eligible age is much higher .
This type of extreme financial incentive is particularly true in some countries like Belgium or the Netherlands with easily accessible early retirement schemes - schemes which , to boot , often fail to adjust benefit levels to offset their longer duration .
An increase in the official retirement age - currently close to 65 in most countries - is pointless to the extent that many people no longer exit the labor force directly into official retirement systems .
Going on to accuse Soros of creating a shadow government in the US , the show claims that this `` greatly resembles '' similar organizations that `` he has created in other countries '' supposedly `` before instigating a coup . ''
Beck does n't say so , of course , but what Soros has actually done is give support through his Open Society foundations to pro-democracy movements in many countries .
The foreign secretaries of India and Pakistan met in New Delhi recently , after a gap of more than 15 months , the terrorist attacks of November 11 , 2008 having frozen bilateral relations between the two countries in suspicion and mutual recrimination .
To understand where Pakistan 's massive problems began , we need to look back to the country 's founding . At a press meeting on November 14 , 1946 , nine months before British India was partitioned into two countries , India and Pakistan , Jinnah was asked about the future of the communal situation in what would become Pakistan .
Analyzing the failed Times Square bombing , Ambassador Zafar Hilaly , a well-respected former Pakistani diplomat , wrote `` that nowhere else today have so many armed foreign outlaws been able to use the territory of a sovereign state to wage war for so long , and with such impunity , against other countries .
Too many powerful countries now feel able to flex their diplomatic muscles in defense of their interests .
As these debates fill the air in finance ministries and economics departments around the globe , India continues its steady GDP growth , now projected to reach 9.4 % this year .
Fortunately , though , things have changed since then , with the 110 countries responsible for 80 % of greenhouse-gas emissions -- including India , China , and Brazil -- now giving their support to the Copenhagen agreement .
We must try to ensure that future climate-change meetings , like the Cancún summit this winter , are fully exploited as an opportunity to transform well-intentioned declarations into international agreements that apply to developed and developing countries alike .
The Copenhagen agreement envisages the world 's industrialized nations financing emissions reduction and other necessary adjustments in developing countries through a $ 30 billion aid package , which will rise to $ 100 billion between now and 2020 .
That all countries taking part in the political process on climate change should be treated equally has ensured that Europe still exerts a good deal of influence .
Things have clearly moved on from Copenhagen , when the priority was to reach agreement between those countries that have been chiefly responsible for global warming .
And if my own country , France , has failed to set a good example to developing countries by equivocating over the terms of a carbon tax , then perhaps the time has come for its national carbon footprint to be linked with the European trading system for CO2 .
Ever since Copenhagen , a majority of the main greenhouse-gas-emitting countries have been setting out ambitious goals -- without hedging them with restrictive conditions .
At the same time , new mechanisms are being put in place to measure and evaluate emissions , which will allow much clearer comparisons between countries .
What remains to be done is to share these efforts in a way that is fair and manageable for all countries .
Will we be able to implement cooperation mechanisms between countries such as the UN 's Collaborative Program on Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation in Developing Countries -- the REDD program -- so as to prevent deforestation and encourage technology transfer and financing ?
This is the real challenge , and although it may prove ambitious , many countries will arrive at the Cancún conference with renewed hope for the future , thanks to the progress made since Copenhagen .
In many developing countries , village associations that are solely based on trust and peer pressure provide access to credit and insurance , guarantee help in times of distress , and facilitate the construction of public roads and sewage systems .
Likewise , the tradition of female circumcision is still a common practice in African countries such as Guinea , Sudan , Mali , Somalia , and Eritrea , where more than 85 % of young women suffer from it .
This is a key conclusion of the 2003\/2004 African Economic Outlook , published recently by the OECD . While almost half of Africa 's 53 countries could profitably produce hydropower , only 7 % of this potential is reached because of poor infrastructure and the high costs of initial investments .
Furthermore , despite its large geothermal and solar energy potential , Africa accounts for only 1.3 % of the world 's installed solar facilities , and only four countries have started exploiting underground heat sources .
Of the fossil energy sources - primarily oil - that African countries do exploit , only a quarter is consumed locally .
Clearly , African countries , assisted by their development partners , need to develop the continent 's enormous energy potential as an integral part of their efforts to spur economic growth and reduce poverty .
Some countries have sought to bridge the gap between their energy potential and their populations ' lack of access to energy .
In a few countries , private-sector participation in electricity companies , coupled with new independent regulators , has resulted in greater and more efficient power generation and higher employment , while doubling the number of subscribers .
More attention should also be given to regional and inter-regional power initiatives , which can help smooth out the uneven distribution of energy resources across countries .
There is a lot of goodwill to ensure a democratic dividend for these countries , while of course managing expectations .
To some extent , what North African countries are experiencing , it could be argued , is the classic middle-income-country trap , with economic performance constrained and undermined by limited economic transformation towards higher value-added production and insufficient political , social , and economic inclusion .
More and more countries are doing so through private sector development .
India and China are simply doing what the US and European countries have done for so long : trump rhetoric about democracy and human rights with policies that serve their strategic and energy security interests .
Obama and India NEW DELHI -- India has stood out around the world for being one of the few countries indifferent to America 's presidential election .
But the Bush administration 's vision was , and remains , flawed , for it regards the US-India relationship solely as a strategic one that enhances both countries ' military reach .
His official visits to China and South Korea -- two key countries with which relations suffered under the administration of Junichiro Koizumi -- came within a week of his taking office and at a moment of crisis , with North Korea setting off an underground nuclear blast .
In particular , emphasizing a `` shift to more assertive diplomacy , '' Abe 's policy speech cited Japan 's initiative in proposing sanctions against North Korea to the United Nations Security Council , and its success in overseeing -- through close coordination with the United States and other countries -- the resolution 's unanimous adoption .
Abe also stressed his intention to boost ties with Russia , promote cooperation with the ASEAN countries , and develop a strategic dialogue with Australia and India .
Thus , the prime minister 's office will more closely resemble the US White House , which he hopes will enable both countries to communicate their intentions continuously and reliably .
This would enable the prime minister 's assistants to `` command and instruct '' the relevant ministries and agencies .
They share common values as free and democratic countries . Moreover , they are non-nuclear powers with no permanent seats in the UN Security Council .
In fact , over recent years these countries have already had many opportunities to demonstrate their ability and willingness to contribute to international security if called for , for they all also share a recognition that global stability directly serves their own national interests .
Nevertheless , subtle differences among these countries may influence their bilateral cooperation or coordination with the UN or the US .
In early June , the two countries ' defense and foreign ministers held the first regular security meeting -LRB- the so-called `` 2 +2 meeting '' -RRB- in Tokyo , agreeing to promote defense cooperation in various fields , including international security .
There are many other potential mid-level democratic countries that should take part .
To advance such efforts , it may be necessary for mid-level powers such as Japan , Canada , Australia , and Germany to strengthen ties with other like-minded mid-level countries that possess nuclear weapons and hold permanent seats on the UN Security Council , such as the United Kingdom and France , or with smaller nuclear powers without permanent Security Council seats , such as India .
It is in recognition of the possible consequences - a return of US isolationism , the emboldening of terrorists - that many countries sent and retain troops in Iraq .
Equally important , unlike the subject of WWII , Japanese history education barely addresses the two countries ' post-war relations .
Moreover , the Japan-US Security Consultative Committee brought together the countries ' foreign and defense ministers in Washington in February to discuss common strategic objectives related to the reformation of US forward forces .
Tortured reasoning about phrases like `` use of force '' or `` exclusively defense-oriented policy '' amounts to an open invitation to confusion , both in the military and to countries in the region .
As a result , the sale or supply of used or new surface combat vessels by the Japan Coast Guard or even Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force -LRB- JMSDF -RRB- to ASEAN countries , say , Malaysia , Indonesia or Singapore , to help them fight maritime terrorism and piracy more effectively will now likely be permitted .
Supplying European countries as well ASEAN countries with JMSDF flying boats for sea rescue , patrol , and fire fighting will also now likely be approved .
Japan , America and other traditional maritime countries must also once again treat `` sea power '' in Asia as a key component of their ability to defend their own national interests .
In the past , such a combination of countries was almost unthinkable , and these exercises can not be explained away as simple `` one-off '' affairs with little resonance .
The SCO 's original purpose was to mitigate tensions on the borders of China and the Central Asian countries after the collapse of the Soviet Union and the arrival of the United States military with the war in Afghanistan .
Whenever complaints come up in the United Nations ' Human Rights Committee , China can count on the support of many African countries that have their own human rights problems .
When Japan 's government tried to become a permanent member of the UN Security Council , few African countries backed its bid , despite receiving economic aid for decades .
Most Southeast Asian countries are , indeed , now busily modernizing their armed forces .
For this reason , China is attempting to use economic and military aid as leverage to improve relations even with countries with which it has had military confrontations with in the past , most prominently Vietnam and the Philippines .
Nine Asian-Pacific countries took part , including Indonesia , Malaysia , Singapore , and Thailand .
In reality , Japan is not ready for this , because it still strongly adheres to `` self-imposed restraints '' against `` influence over other countries in security and defense , '' including weapons exports .
In the 1960 's , as its economic takeoff was proceeding , Japan initiated a serious dialogue with regional players , aiming to build stronger relations with countries that it had once conquered and occupied .
For those Asian countries that recall Japan 's moderate and sensible advancement of regional policies since the 1960 's , there is a growing expectation that Japan should re-think its stance .
But , unlike then , the countries that are accumulating the capital today are not spending it on consumption -- remember the endless pictures of Saudi princes buying up real estate on the French Riviera -- but on investment , infrastructure , and education .
Yes , there are bubbles here and there , whether it is real estate in Shanghai and Dubai or stocks in Mumbai , but there has also been serious long-range planning that is likely to give these countries a strong position for years to come .
Yes , many companies took on too much debt , and some countries , such as Korea , are more compromised than others .
Three countries -- Pakistan , India , and North Korea -- have been allowed to develop nuclear weapons , proving that there are no remaining political or moral arguments against nuclear proliferation , only air strikes or bribery .
None of these countries needs NATO , but the smell of PATO , CENTO , SEATO , and other long forgotten pacts and pseudo pacts is again in the air .
Similarly , NATO 's Parliamentary Assembly has announced preparations for NATO accession by such countries as Croatia , Macedonia , and even Albania , all of which fall short of the alliance 's traditional membership criteria .
Immeasurably larger damage will be done to Ukraine : it will lose a vital partner , one that perhaps has not always been ideal , but that nonetheless has never inflicted any damage and has never allied with other countries against it .
When the Soviet Union withdrew from Central and Eastern Europe , we Russians believed that NATO would not be extended to the countries and territories from which we had withdrawn .
NATO 's expansion towards Russia 's own borders , and the membership of countries whose elites have historical complexes in regard to Russia , increased anti-Russian sentiment inside the alliance .
What is needed is a new pan-European treaty on collective security , signed either by individual countries or by NATO and the EU , as well as by Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent States .
Countries not included in any of the current security systems would be able to join in the treaty and receive multilateral guarantees .
It is becoming obvious that the Euro-Atlantic world , whose economic and political model seemed so triumphant 20 years ago , is now lagging somewhat behind China and other Asian countries .
It normalizes political relations between the two countries , thereby facilitating their further cooperation and rapprochement .
Nuclear deterrence and `` mutually assured destruction '' would be passé only if we assumed that we -- people , countries , and humankind at large -- had become so ideal and humane that we no longer needed self-deterrence .
After all , the mere possession of nuclear weapons , even if aimed at each other , does not turn countries into enemies .
Russian and Chinese strategists assume that part of their countries ' nuclear potential may be targeted at the other side .
They can offer security guarantees to responsible countries in the region .
Similarly , Russia and the US need cooperation , not farcical rivalry , in developing new sea routes and possible energy deposits in the Arctic , and in interacting with China and other Asia-Pacific countries in joint development of the resource potential of Siberia and Russia 's Far East .
But if the two countries fail to overcome their bad old habits of mutual suspicion , their remaining -- quite powerful -- nuclear arsenals will continue to serve deterrence and self-deterrence .
There is no immediate geopolitical threat in this situation . Territorial expansion is not a Chinese historical trait , and the two countries have excellent political relations .
A modern Asian strategy for Russia -- call it `` Project Siberia '' -- should combine Russian political sovereignty with foreign capital and technologies . Investment should come not only from China , but also from the United States , Japan , South Korea , the ASEAN countries , and the EU , all of which are keen to prevent China 's exclusive dominance east of the Urals .
Good US-Russian relations , however , could strengthen both countries , and especially Russia .
Many countries that achieved independence as a result of the national liberation movements of the 1940 's -1990 's have proved themselves incapable of creating the conditions of normal life within their territories .
If Russia and the other countries that opposed America 's Iraq policy in the Security Council really wanted to convince the US not to attack Iraq and to defend international law , it was a naive policy doomed to failure .
If , as is likely , increasing the number of permanent Security Council members lacks sufficient support , developed countries should revert to the idea , circulating in foreign policy circles for several years , of establishing a new G-8-based organization -LRB- but including China and India -RRB- to counter new threats to global security .
At a time when rich countries like the United States are running deficits of 12 % of GDP because of the global financial meltdown , the IMF has been telling countries like Latvia and Ukraine , which did not start the crisis but have turned to the Fund to help combat it , that they must balance their budgets if they want aid .
Such hypocrisy would be laughable if global economic conditions were n't so dire that even countries that once swore never again to deal with the IMF have returned to its door , cap in hand .
In recent years , lending by both institutions contracted dramatically , even though they have increasingly become the exclusive lenders to the world 's poorest countries .
In 2005 , Argentina and Brazil were the first of the countries that previously denounced the IMF 's neo-liberal agenda to begin repaying their loans .
Indeed , the IMF 's outstanding general resource account -LRB- GRA -RRB- credits to middle-income developing countries fell by an unprecedented 91 % from 2002 to 2007 , as richer developing countries gained access to sources of financing that were free of the Fund 's conditionality .
But poorer countries , for which international capital markets remain off limits , have no alternative but to rely on the World Bank and IMF .
Since the crisis went global last autumn , the IMF has had countries parading to its door .
Between November 5 , 2008 and January 12 , 2009 , the Fund committed nearly $ 50 billion to seven countries -LRB- Hungary , Ukraine , Iceland , Pakistan , Latvia , Serbia , and Belarus -RRB- .
Unfortunately , for both institutions , such countries ' growing demand for financing merely means business as usual .
Both men are likely to support the prevailing global double standard , which allows rich countries to use fiscal expansion in the face of recession , while forcing poor countries into greater austerity .
But the Obama administration can still help -- for example , by asking the Federal Reserve to expand the currency swap arrangements that it recently offered to Singapore , South Korea , and Brazil to other developing countries .
We are good at estimating how well we know simple facts -LRB- such as the capitals of countries -RRB- , procedures -LRB- such as how to make an international phone call -RRB- , and narratives -LRB- such as the plots of well-known movies -RRB- .
The six Arab countries of the Gulf Cooperation Council have called for a UN-imposed no-fly zone . The Arab League has endorsed a similar proposal .
Muslim countries in particular should support preparations for intervention if the violence spirals out of control .
His appointees effectively control most ministries and Iran 's major cities .
Having gone to university in western countries , we were inspired by the American system of check and balances .
Shetty 's team has successfully participated in telemedicine consultations -- multi-specialty , non-stop availability , and supplemented by continuing education -- with hospitals in 14 African countries .
Fourteen countries attended to discuss food price inflation , energy needs , etc. . Alas , India 's voice was drowned out , not by China 's attempts to provide medicine and education to Africa , but by the sheer magnitude of Chinese state-owned enterprises ' investments in physical infrastructure .
Indian influence will no doubt exploit assets less available to others , particularly the Indian diaspora in countries like South Africa , Kenya , Tanzania , and Nigeria .
Brazil was attempting to become energy self-sufficient in a manner similar to modern efforts by other countries .
As industrial policy returns to the scene in countries around the world , that is a goal that advocates and opponents alike should be happy to embrace .
The United Nations Foundation and the US State Department have launched a $ 50 million public-private partnership to promote clean cooking stoves in poor countries .
Donors soon helped launch other microfinance institutions in Mexico , India , Peru , Indonesia , and many African countries , where they could offer loans at 25-30 % interest rates -- well below traditional moneylender rates of 60-100 % -- and still generate strong profit margins .
Corruption , of course , is endemic to the former Soviet countries .
What is different in Georgia , says Felix Stanevsky , Russia 's former ambassador to Georgia , is that , `` while Boris Yeltsin , his family and other political figures were in contact with Russia 's Mafia , Mr Shevardnadze and the key ministries in his government are Georgia 's Mafia .
It is they who personally control key industries , such as oil , gas and energy . ''
Instead of Russia 's borders draining his country 's economy , he envisions Russia as a transit point between east and west , and also as an engine of growth for countries in search of the heavy industrial equipment Russia makes .
Indeed , democratic leaders with dynastic dreams have bedeviled India , the Philippines , Indonesia , Sri Lanka , Haiti , and many other countries .
By its nature communism -- whose bureaucracy still exists in almost unadulterated form in the countries of the former Soviet Union -- spawned lobbies and clans with a combined might that even the closest-knit family can scarcely expect to overcome .
Putin took that occasion to repeat his political mantra -- `` Russia is developing it 's own brand of democracy '' -- while spurning requests from the Baltic countries that Russia come clean about its deal with Hitler to devour them on WWII 's eve .
Here , too , Putin tries to walk on both sides of the street , calling Koba a tyrant to sooth the wounded feelings the Baltic leaders , yet instantly qualifying his remarks by saying that Stalin was no Hitler .
Bush and Putin both came to power in 2000 , a year when their countries were scrambling to regain international respect , Russia from the chaos of the Yeltsin years and the US from the failed impeachment of President Clinton .
While his father lined up world support , and troops from over a dozen countries , for the first Gulf War , the son thought that allies were more hindrance than help ; except for Tony Blair , he did not care to have them .
Poland had Lech Walesa ; Czechoslovakia Václav Havel . Both kept their countries calm during wrenching transitions .
Arms sales , worth close to $ 8 billion , were again competing globally with Great Britain and the US , going to nearly 80 countries , including Venezuela , China , India , Algeria , Iran , Malaysia , and Serbia .
Although the whole world has suffered severely from the crisis , Ukraine was hit worse than most countries , as international demand for steel , which accounted for 42 % of exports in the first half of 2008 , collapsed .
The irony -LRB- if there is an irony at all -RRB- is that this tragedy came at a time when mistrust seemed , at long last , to be giving way to better , more businesslike relations and greater understanding between the two countries .
The Pope 's call for religious freedom around the world , including in the socialist countries , rubbed the atheistic Soviets -- and Orthodox Russians -- the wrong way .
In fact , the animosity ran so deep that when both countries were no longer communist , and Russia was looking to replace its November 7 Bolshevik Revolution holiday , it came up with November 4 , the anniversary of the Russian boyars ' victory in 1612 over Polish King Sigismund 's short-lived occupation of Moscow .
It is touchy about the independence of the near-abroad countries , especially those politically or geographically close to the West -- Belarus , Moldova , Ukraine , and Georgia .
I have spent hundreds of hours working behind closed doors with various parties to the conflict -- Sudan 's Government , rebel leaders , neighbouring countries , and African Union partners .
Mothers ' Day is upon us in many countries around the world .
These are just two of the very personal stories behind the shocking statistics reported by the United Nations ' Population Fund . The figures show the chasm that exists between rich and poor countries where motherhood is concerned .
In some countries , one woman in eight will die giving birth .
In poor countries , pregnant women often must fend for themselves ; they have no healthcare and nowhere to turn .
Every year , hundreds of thousands of women die in childbirth , 99 % of them in developing countries .
Botswana , among others , has invested heavily to offer universal treatment , and now is well on its way to ensuring that no baby is born with HIV -- a reality in developed countries , but not so in Africa , where 400,000 children are born with the disease each year .
Countries such as Malawi , Zimbabwe , and Kenya , as well as Uganda , are requesting assistance for emergency drug supplies .
As chair of this year 's replenishment of the Global Fund , I urge all donors to see to it that countries such as Uganda get the support they need , so that Dr. Mugyenyi and other front-line soldiers in the fight against AIDS need not make those difficult choices .
To our countries , to our families .
For the first time ever , developed and developing countries acknowledged their responsibility to curb emissions of greenhouse gasses and agreed on the goal of limiting global temperature rise to below two degrees Celsius .
And , for the first time ever , countries made large pledges to finance mitigation and adaptation efforts : $ 30 billion over the next three years for fast-start financing , and $ 100 billion per year by 2020 .
Whereas countries and civil-society initiatives are on the move , the Conference has stagnated .
Just one or two countries should not be able to block the organization 's work indefinitely .
Continued stalemate increases the risk that some like-minded countries might take up the matter elsewhere .
The 66th session of the UN General Assembly is a renewed opportunity for the countries of the world to set aside narrow , short-term interests and commit to cooperative efforts to address humanity 's long-term imperatives .
The fourth big opportunity is supporting countries in transition .
Wealthy countries worry about recession , while the poor can no longer afford to eat .
With the help of many countries and friends , my country was able to get back on its feet and carry on after that terrible and devastating conflict .
These targets , endorsed by all UN member countries , comprise the eight Millennium Development Goals .
Only sustainable development -- a global embrace of green growth -- offers the world , rich countries as well as poor , an enduring prospect of long-term social well-being and prosperity .
For that will only exacerbate the already fragile political and security situation in many of the hardest hit countries .
Second , these financial rescue and assistance packages can not stop at the borders of the richest countries .
Emerging markets and other developing countries will need oxygen in the form of credit lines and trade financing .
While the G-20 nations whose leaders met in Washington account for nearly 80 % of world production , trade and investment , more than 170 other countries , representing one-third of the world 's people , were not there .
Also in September , countries that have signed the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test Ban Treaty -LRB- CTBT -RRB- will meet at the UN to consider ways to promote its early entry into force . North Korea 's nuclear tests , its missile launches and its threats of further provocation lend new urgency to this cause .
In the poorest countries , especially , women make up the fabric of society .
Only by doing so can we truly protect our people , our countries , our economy , and our global society .
Despite global interest in education for all , many girls in poor countries continue to be denied basic education ; right from the start , they are disadvantaged .
In poor Muslim countries like Pakistan , Yemen , and Morocco , single-sex schooling is the norm , but many rural areas can afford only one public school , which is usually set aside for boys .
In countries where the family 's cost of schooling girls is lowered either by a no-fee policy or by a stipend for girls who enroll in school , girls ' enrollment rate increases .
The experiences of these few countries lead us to propose a system whereby mothers are paid if their school-age daughters attend school regularly from the 3rd to the 9th grade .
Pregnancy is one of the most vulnerable times for poor women ; 99 % of the 529,000 women who die annually from pregnancy-related complications live in developing countries .
Nearly 20 % of women in developing countries report that they would like to stop having more children but are not using any form of contraception or family planning , possibly because reproductive services are not available .
There may be some losses from electing women because they tend to have less political experience than men , but the record in India suggests that if it took 20 years to establish a 30 % share of women in local positions in other countries , the benefits would be at least double the costs of achieving this .
A survey in July 2009 found that 64 % of respondents in seven Arab countries believe that Turkey 's EU membership prospects makes Turkey an attractive partner for reform in the Arab world , underscoring the direct link between Turkey 's foreign-policy potential and its EU accession course .
All of the European Union 's member countries have ratified the Kyoto Protocol and adopted a wide range of policies to lower their emissions and meet their Kyoto targets .
The old , outmoded heavy industries that were the pride of our Communist regime were shut down -- practically overnight -- because they could not survive the opening of the economy .
As the economies of the Czech Republic and other central and eastern European countries were rebuilt and began to grow again , emissions have naturally started to increase .
With this historic move , Serbia adopted a practice that took hold in the rich , Western countries after World War II but was never applied in the Communist bloc .
While there are pockets of high quality community-based services in most of the region 's countries , tens of thousands of people with mental disabilities are still living in institutions , and most of them have no prospect of ever leaving .
Although 25 countries officially stated their support for proven methods such as needle exchange and overdose prevention , the summit 's outcome was a watered-down political declaration that fails to acknowledge crucial lessons that have been learned over the last decade .
Also missing from Vienna was a discussion about increased numbers of destabilized countries becoming narco-states .
Even though no African countries voiced their support in Vienna for harm reduction , African leaders should take heed of those countries with pragmatic and humane drug policies .
Since then , the countries of Central and Eastern Europe have come a long way . Many are now members of the European Union .
This approach is not only inhumane , but also economically untenable : leaders in these countries should be encouraged to redirect scarce law enforcement , court , and prison resources towards more pressing causes .
If Poland and its neighbors are to chart a new way forward , at least three things must happen . First , these countries should look West for alternative , and more humane , drug policies .
By freeing up resources devoted to enforcing policies against low-level users , countries can better tackle serious drug-supply issues and provide people with the effective treatment that they need and deserve .
When regimes change , such contracts could come up for review , as has occurred in many other African countries .
While America 's courts allowed executions to proliferate , most of the world -LRB- 108 countries in all -RRB- moved in the opposite direction .
More disturbingly , America 's devotion to the death penalty provides diplomatic ammunition to countries with far worse human rights records .
Indeed , China no longer even tries to hide its desire for hegemony in the Pacific .
Other countries might worry about the health risk to workers in rare-earth processing , but that does not appear to be true of China .
Many countries are now planning to develop their own or alternative sources of rare-earth elements , and to accelerate efforts to develop technologies that are free of them .
Maintaining the world 's fifth-largest army in a perpetual state of combat readiness is crushingly expensive for one of its poorest countries , with the military budget claiming an estimated one-third of GDP .
Before 2010 , most Asian countries would have preferred not to choose between China and the US .
There are also signs of growing adoration of liberal countries such as the US and South Korea throughout North Korean society -- a sentiment that the regime has sought to appease by broadcasting one or two Western films on state television .
Nuclear cooperation between North Korea and Iran is no doubt assisting both countries to flaunt international norms -- and now it appears that Burma has joined this axis of illicit nuclear proliferation .
Indeed , when Japan provided relief to the countries hit by the Sumatra earthquake in 2004 , which claimed 250,000 lives , it was keenest to promote an early warning system for tsunamis .
Since the accident at Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant in March , Kan has aimed at lifting the bans that many countries have imposed on imports of Japanese agricultural products , and so offered the two heads of state cherries from Fukushima in a bid to highlight their safety .
At the summit , the three countries issued a joint statement outlining cooperation on a wide range of issues , including nuclear safety , disaster prevention , economic growth , and the environment .
In fact , the Kan administration -- which loathes the involvement of bureaucrats , who are professionals , in managing public affairs -- delayed notifying neighboring countries when it was forced to order the release of water containing low concentrations of radioactive material .
Given these political realities , keeping ordinary citizens content about civilian nuclear power has become a greater priority than usual in both countries .
This confluence of political need has created an opportunity for all three countries to cooperate more closely in the management of civilian nuclear power , and this opportunity should not be missed .
Sensing this , China and South Korea have provided humanitarian and economic aid to areas affected by the earthquake , and both countries were quick to send specialized teams to Japan to search for the missing .
And , while the people of Japan were grateful for Taiwan 's unexpected generosity , the Japanese government failed to offer any thanks , despite running advertisements in major newspapers expressing gratitude for the relief sent from other countries .
The fact that Suzuki is now practically synonymous with automobile in India suggests how close the relationship between the two countries can be .
The `` Strategic and Global Partnership between Japan and India , '' established in 2006 , rests on the recognition that Japan and India share common values and interests , as they are the two major entrenched democratic countries in Asia .
The key point today is that the governments in both India and Japan are keen on developing their strategic consensus about Asia 's future , a fact underscored by the many bilateral discussions between defense and military officials of both countries that are taking place .
Suzuki 's success is a powerful precedent not only for other Japanese companies that are looking at the Indian market , but also for further deepening cooperation between the two countries .
China 's willingness to throw its weight around amplifies the grave imbalance in size , and leverage , between it and the other countries bordering the South China Sea .
The elections earlier this year , which many at first assumed were a sham , now appear to have produced changes to which Asia 's countries will need to collectively and individually respond .
Japan is no different from other countries in witnessing such disputes over taxes . What is different is that , given the extent of the country 's fiscal problems , the government still continues to think of taxes only in partisan terms .
Indeed , when Admiral Timothy J. Keating , the commander of the United States Navy 's Pacific fleet , visited China in 2007 , a high-ranking Chinese naval officer proposed that the two countries demarcate a `` zone of control '' at Hawaii , defining the limits of US naval influence and the beginning of China 's maritime sphere .
Although reconnaissance flights by Russia 's Air Force frequently occur in Japan 's northern skies , both countries understand the need for caution in their actions .
In 2005 , China 's leaders announced a policy of seeking a `` harmonious world , '' and set as their goal friendly relations with other countries , particularly its near neighbors .
European countries , meanwhile , criticize the current military strategy . They fear that more troops may only lead to more civilian casualties , antagonizing Afghans .
But the story is repeated across the border in Pakistan , with serious consequences for both countries .
Such a commission , with senior European members , could examine the key issues in the region , visit all countries and players and develop a set of recommendations for a new transatlantic approach to begin in early January 2009 when a new U.S president is in place .
But American and Soviet influence was not confined to the battlefield , as both countries made their presence felt high up the military chain of command .
America used to be the essential trade partner for the Gulf countries , but this has now changed .
The country 's unprecedentedly solid fiscal results are accompanied by foreign-trade surpluses that are the envy of even the world 's most fiscally solvent countries .
Today , the macroeconomic , business , and international context is extremely favorable for Argentina -- as it is for all countries with abundant natural resources , a strong capacity for enterprise and innovation , and a qualified labor force .
The Chinese can delay , but they ca n't hide from a fundamental economic law : if the exchange rate between the currencies of two countries is fixed and capital flows between them are unrestricted , the economically dominant one will exercise control over the monetary policy of the other .
This was not true of other countries .
The primary check was that other countries could demand conversion of their growing dollar reserves into gold at the fixed price of $ 35 per ounce .
By opposing the development of such systems , however , the pro-ABM Treaty position creates a situation in which unsuspecting and peaceful citizens in Russia , the United States , and other countries are held permanently hostage to nuclear blackmail .
US\/Russian diplomacy can either create difficulties that will cost both countries huge sums , or the conditions in which Russian industries can develop into world class competitors .
The competitive fight between Russian industries and businesses around the world for commissions and contracts should have started `` yesterday . ''
But the reality is less re-assuring . A closer look reveals that the Balkans currently is a mixture of Greek-style economic problems , Berlusconi-style politics , and Turkish-style enthusiasm when it comes to the EU 's will to integrate the countries of the region .
Focused on their own problems , Europeans do not have time to think about how the crisis in the EU impacts the countries on Europe 's periphery .
Europe also would continue to be dominated by the interests of the big countries , with the small countries in the back of the bus .
The prospect of a re-energized Franco-German axis is why the Dutch -- who are traditionally pro-European but do not want a Europe that marginalizes small countries -- might vote No in their referendum -LRB- which follows shortly upon France 's -RRB- if the French vote Yes .
Chirac made it perfectly clear how he feels about the new smaller countries when he told them to `` shut up '' when they disagreed with him over Iraq .
Rather than buckle to France 's will , however , the Romanian president warned France 's leaders to stop lecturing his country -- a sure sign that French influence is on the wane even in countries with which it has had close historical ties .
In the area of monetary integration , the European Constitution does n't change anything , other than the voting procedures in the Governing Council if EMU grows beyond 15 member countries .
The euro stops countries like France and Italy from playing their old protectionist game of devaluing their currencies at German expense .
Holland has played by the stability pact rules but , so far , the big countries -- France , Italy and Germany -- have been getting a free pass from the responsible authorities .
Still , even in the traditionally weak-currency countries , changes afoot suggest that a turnaround in political attitudes and public opinion toward a stronger euro may be on the horizon .
But the prospect of permanent stagnation for countries like France , Italy , and Portugal is unacceptable .
Naturally , with socialists and social democrats in power in some EU countries , and conservatives in power in others , it is difficult for Europeans to find a single voice .
If Europe 's central bank had not been too late and too slow in the past , it would have been truer to its own price stability mandate , and not now out of step with central banks in other industrial countries .
To protect itself from the declining greenback , China and other countries are converting a portion of their accumulated dollar reserves into euros .
Merrill Lynch predicts that , as currency reserves climb in countries like China , state-run investment funds will grow to $ 7.9 trillion , from $ 1.9 trillion now .
After Italy 's former central bank governor , Antonio Fazio , flagrantly abused his position to block a takeover of an Italian bank by ABN Amro , member countries agreed that future mergers would be assessed on five objective criteria , the idea being to prevent governments from blocking foreign bids purely for protectionist reasons .
Controversy over the Pact has set off a nasty dispute between small and big countries in the euro-zone .
The small countries follow the rules but the big countries act as if they are exempt .
Now the axis has crushed hopes of passing a new European constitution in Brussels by demanding the so-called `` double majority '' rule , which would seriously weaken medium-size and smaller countries ' voting power by comparison to what was agreed three years ago in Nice .
Small and medium-sized EU countries feel tricked .
Will these countries continue to sacrifice for the common European good when , time after time , the big countries tell them to go to the back of the bus and be grateful for the ride ?
Yet , after last week 's Brussels summit ended in failure , the Germans and their French allies are talking up a `` two-speed '' Europe , with the so-called `` pioneer group '' of Germany , France , Italy , and the Benelux countries -- Belgium , the Netherlands , and Luxembourg -- going faster and pursuing deeper integration projects than the others .
It would decisively split Europe by allowing the big countries and their satellites to go their own way .
Of course , if the big countries are not willing to sacrifice any measure of national sovereignty for the overall European good , then a united Europe is doomed .
Perhaps improved economic growth will give these countries the strength to throw off their present leaders .
The smaller EU countries also could benefit from a time out .
Even though the big countries are trying to marginalize them at almost every turn , the small countries can not unite to fight the common enemy .
This is because they often see themselves having more in common with the big countries than the other small ones .
Unless the small countries unite on a common front , they will continue to prove easy targets of the big nationalistic players .
On the issue of big versus small countries , Europe has a lot to learn from the United States .
After 1989 Poles -LRB- as happened in other postcommunist countries -RRB- gained freedom but lost their national identity , which had been constructed on the revulsion they felt towards their oppressors .
But these countries ' territorial integrity and international borders , unlike Kosovo 's , have been settled and recognized around the world for 15 years .
In Moscow , development organizations and recipient countries , both long-standing and newer partners -- including Russia , China , Korea , Turkey , and Poland -- will meet to share best practices , consider innovations in development , and find ways of using aid more effectively to respond to shared global challenges .
The rise of new development partners -- emerging markets that are channeling billions of dollars to developing countries -- opens possibilities for fresh ideas and resources to help overcome poverty , sustain inclusive economic growth -LRB- including through a dynamic private sector -RRB- , and address global issues such as food security and climate change .
But there is a risk that developing countries , already burdened by dealing with numerous donors , will face an even greater fragmentation of aid efforts . New donors can lessen the load on the world 's poorest and increase effectiveness by working together through multilateral channels .
Russia recognizes that newer donors have experiences , ideas , and resources that can help all countries climb up the ladder of opportunity .
Its goal -- to improve the measurement of education quality and learning outcomes -- is pertinent to developed and developing countries alike .
In partnership with the World Bank , the OECD , and several recipient countries , the Russian-inspired effort will support the development of educational institutions and the ability to measure progress in learning .
This year , the Bank will set another record for investment in developing countries .
The G-20 's call for ambitious replenishment of the International Development Association , the World Bank 's fund for the poorest countries , is vital if we are to make headway .
At the dawn of today 's multilateral system in 1944 , 44 countries gathered in the United States at Bretton Woods , New Hampshire , to design the World Bank , the International Monetary Fund , and a system for international trade .
The great waves of decolonization were just stirring ; the few developing countries were seen as marginal players in the global system -- not as central actors or agents of history .
Contrary to many predictions by economic experts , the crisis has not been limited to the financial sector . Instead , it is generating a massive impact on the real economy -- hitting the automobile and chemical industries especially hard .
In the rich industrialized countries , after an era of cynical and short-sighted profit-maximizing behavior , we may be at the dawn of a new age of modesty and sustainability . Companies are facing growing pressure to behave ethically , and unethical business behavior is at last being punished .
Iran could also intensify efforts to fund and arm insurgents in Iraq and Afghanistan , imperiling both countries . And it could launch attacks on US , European , and Israeli targets on a global basis .
The Arab street has changed the calculus of fear not only in the countries that have witnessed major protests , but also in the rest of the Arab world , where rulers are on notice that discontent need not remain submerged forever .
For example , Israel 's harsh policies to confront the 1987 intifada , coupled with the boycott of the PLO by oil-rich Arab countries -LRB- because of its failure to oppose Saddam Hussein 's occupation of Kuwait -RRB- formed a potent reality check for the Palestinian leadership .
This challenge has become more interesting with European countries ' willingness to deal with a united Palestinian government that includes Hamas ' Hanieh .
Last summer , when he was shown a poster with 57 flags representing the Arab and Islamic countries that will normalize relations with Israel , then candidate Obama told Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas that the Israelis would be `` crazy '' to reject that plan .
Sidelining men like Qaddoumi , whose accusation , on the eve of the congress , that Abbas and Mohammad Dahlan had helped Israel poison Arafat , also distances Fatah from its one-time alliance with hard-line Arab countries such as Syria and Libya .
Hiding behind that anti-Islamic façade , the Israelis have found it easy to stonewall all reasonable peace efforts , including the 2002 Arab peace plan , according to which Arab states and Muslim-majority countries agreed to normalize relations with Israel if it withdrew from areas occupied in 1967 .
A more positive view of Obama emerged when the Arab revolts began in Tunisia and Egypt -- countries with pro-US regimes .
Arab countries , especially Egypt , had hundreds of thousands of their nationals working in Libya .
But what the Arab countries could n't do with military support , they were able to do by providing political cover for the military intervention led by the US , Britain , and France .
The Gulf countries , which have no citizens working in Libya , were the first to denounce Qaddafi .
With angry young Arabs from different countries demonstrating outside its Cairo offices and demanding support for their Libyan brethren , the Arab League took an uncharacteristic position : it agreed to denounce a fellow Arab leader .
After gaining Security Council support , the US , Europe , and some Arab countries began doing exactly what should be expected of the international community when a government is preparing to butcher its own citizens : prevent the slaughter .
Moreover , the madness of war has been clearly demonstrated to all , and , once the current fighting is over , both sides are now more likely to be cautious about actions that might push their peoples and countries into war once more .
Jordan , a US ally and one of the two Arab countries with a peace agreement with Israel , previously failed to secure the release of its 30 prisoners . They are now likely to be the first ones set free .
In democratic countries , if politicians who are critical of others while in opposition prove to be ineffective when in government , voters can - and often do - punish their dishonesty at the ballot box .
But , despite these achievements , European integration is far from complete , and it will remain so until all European countries can follow the same development path .
In short , it is unrealistic of the EU to expect European outcomes from countries like Ukraine and Moldova without making a full commitment to them .
Even accounting for the costs to short-term losers -LRB- say , particular industries or workers with certain skills -RRB- , the overall long-term benefits can be large .
Unless the economies of developing countries grow , they will remain mired in poverty .
By reducing trade barriers , per capita income will grow , enabling poor countries to address other problems by themselves .
Low-cost heart attack drugs for developing countries
An option suggested as a substitute for NATO membership is for the Baltic countries to become neutrals , like Finland and Sweden .
For years , Estonia has participated in various peacekeeping operations and although our contribution is small in numbers , in percentage-terms it is bigger than that of most countries .
The Rising Sons of North Africa LONDON -- The role played by Libyan ruler Muammar al-Qaddafi 's son , Saif al-Islam , in gaining the release of the Lockerbie bomber Abdelbaset Ali al-Megrahi , and Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak 's state visit to Washington accompanied by his son , Gamal , suggest that dynastic successions are underway in both countries .
Everything in their countries depends on the person and family rather than the office .
But punishing someone criminally for being an anti-Semite and a racist propagandist raises troublesome issues that different countries approach in different ways .
Some countries , such as the US , refuse to go further and regulate speech because of its content .
Why , then , do many countries prosecute the hate speech of racists ?
Its social fabric , like that of many other countries around the world , depends on mutual trust among citizens .
But by opting for a balanced concept of free speech , Brazil 's Supreme Court followed precedents in a number of European countries condemning Holocaust deniers , as well the opinion of the committee charged with monitoring compliance with the UN Convention on the Elimination of all Forms of Racial Discrimination and the European Court of Human Rights .
And , since the onset of the crisis , the G-20 countries -- with France -LRB- and the United States -RRB- as driving forces -- have been pressing for better regulation , governance , and accountability .
By conservative estimates , every year around $ 20 billion to $ 40 billion is stolen from developing countries through bribery , misappropriation of funds , and corrupt practices .
But not all G-20 countries have yet ratified UNCAC -- the United Nations Convention against Corruption -- which provides a framework for countries to develop their own laws to stamp out the use of safe havens for criminals stealing from the developing world .
Countries that have not signed the convention should quickly do so .
Those countries that have signed and ratified UNCAC now need to implement it .
We now live in a different world where developing countries are a fundamental source of growth , as well as being importers of capital goods and services from developed countries .
These countries face a weak and bumpy recovery , with unacceptably high unemployment .
Advanced countries need credible medium-term plans to stabilize and reduce public debt .
Rebalancing also involves a global demand switch from external-deficit countries to those running large current-account surpluses .
Many countries , including those with low income levels , need to rebuild their economic defenses -- for example , by strengthening their budget positions -- to protect themselves against future storms .
In these circumstances , the International Monetary Fund -- with its 187 member countries -- is uniquely positioned to foster collective action .
Our lending can provide breathing space for countries in difficulty .
Like China and unlike Japan , India resisted changes in its ancient beliefs about the way the world works -LRB- and should work -RRB- which modernization entails . Instead , like many Islamic countries today , India wrongly believed Gandhi 's doctrine that modernization necessarily means Westernization .
Tropical countries that sign this convention will seriously damage the health of their peoples .
Most developed countries followed America 's lead , with developing countries proscribing its use in agriculture , and some for all purposes .
There is no better place to begin than with countries refusing to join the UNEP Convention or kowtow to its ban on DDT use .
In a world of integrated capital markets and floating exchange rates , the trade balance between any two countries reflects the difference between their domestic investment and savings .
The much-touted Asian model of development was little more than an unholy alliance between government agencies , large industries , and the financial system .
Now it is casting its spell over developing countries , making a powerful play to rewrite India 's past , as Deepak Lal suggests .
The seemingly unalterable factors generating these record-setting rises in food prices -- a shift to higher protein diets in many countries , growing populations , greater use of biofuels , and climate change -- suggest that elevated food prices are here to stay .
It allows countries that can produce food efficiently to ship it to those which face resource limitations that hinder food production .
Similarly , the 2010-2011 price rise for cereals is closely linked to the export restrictions imposed by Russia and Ukraine after both countries were hit by severe drought .
Additional restraints on trade are a serious threat to net-food-importing countries , where governments worry that such measures could lead to starvation .
It knew that the rest of Russia 's colonies -- the so-called `` Soviet republics '' -- would want to follow the ungrateful Baltic countries into freedom .
But instead of happily preparing for that occasion , the Baltic countries of Estonia , Latvia , and Lithuania -- which scarcely 15 years ago regained the independence they lost in WWII -- are uneasy .
The heads of state of all three countries have been invited to participate in the parades to be held in Moscow to celebrate the Red Army 's victory over Nazi Germany .
This is why almost all Lithuanians -- indeed , most residents of the Baltic countries -- feel queasy at the prospect of their leaders marking this anniversary in Moscow .
The other countries situated between Germany and the USSR were similarly sentenced to disappear as nations -- sooner or later .
As a result , cities in those countries were flattened and people killed not only by the Nazis , but also by their Soviet ally , which invaded Poland and supplied the Wehrmacht with the material it needed for its war against the West .
So , in the next few years , Central Asia will face leadership change on many fronts , with security apparatuses -- which , as in Turkmenistan , have been crucial to buttressing these countries ' regimes -- likely to be important players .
Both countries have growing strategic interests in the region .
As a result , India has quietly begun to strengthen its military ties to countries in the region , particularly Tajikistan , where it has a small base .
They assumed that Czech and Polish leaders -- who were strongly pro-American -- would willingly agree to deployment , and that public opinion in both countries would go along with whatever the governments decided .
As a result , the Czech and Polish governments were unable to answer fundamental questions about the costs and benefits of the deployment for Polish and Czech national security . This allowed skeptics and opponents of missile defense to gain the upper hand in the internal debates in both countries .
US officials assumed that it was sufficient to have the consent of the governments and failed to recognize the degree to which these countries have become increasingly `` Europeanized '' in the last decade .
Fourth , American officials have tended to assume that the countries of Eastern Europe will remain staunchly pro-American and automatically support US policy .
As Eastern European countries become more closely integrated into the EU , they increasingly have to calculate the impact of their policies on relations with Europe .
In a recent interview , Erdo?an noted that Turkey could be a `` source of inspiration '' for countries in the Middle East , because it has shown that Islam and democracy can coexist harmoniously .
But Turkey 's historical experience and political evolution differ in important ways from Arab countries ' . As a result , its model can not easily be transplanted .
This differentiates Turkey from most other Muslim countries in the Middle East , and has enabled it to avoid the sharp dichotomies , ruptures , and violence that have characterized political modernization elsewhere in the region .
Most countries in the region lack strong independent political institutions and traditions on which to build a democratic political order .
Ultimately , the Arab countries do not have the benefit of Turkey 's tradition of moderate Islam or its history of successfully fusing Islam and Westernization .
As a result , the collapse of the old power structures in many Middle East countries is likely to be accompanied by considerable political turmoil and violence .
Sky-high interest rates gave way to massive devaluations , wiping out corporate balance sheets , wrecking havoc on domestic banks , even sometimes provoking widespread civil unrest . One response to these countries ' recent turmoil is to argue that their exchange rates were not `` hard '' enough .
This helps to explain the growing fashion for currency boards and even full-scale dollarization , particularly in countries where weak political institutions or a history of rampant inflation undermined policy credibility .
Several Central and Latin American countries have now chosen -LRB- or are considering -RRB- this path as well . But official dollarization , no less than a currency board , implies the absence of a lender of last resort .
Their currency boards spared them the ruin unleashed in countries that in recent years were forced to float their currencies . Both countries , however , soon slipped into recession , while early `` devaluers '' such as Mexico and Korea soon returned to economic growth .
A recent study of 123 developing countries by the International Monetary Fund -LRB- IMF -RRB- , shows that median inflation between 1975-1996 was consistently lower and less volatile in countries with fixed exchange rates .
Average domestic lending rates during this period also favored countries who devalue , with Singapore 's rates lower and more stable than Hong Kong 's , and both Mexico and Chile outperforming Argentina .
Credibility , it seems , appears to depend less on exchange rate arrangements than on the independence of central banks -- which has been strengthened in almost all countries that abandoned currency pegs -- and the advent of inflation targeting as an anchor for monetary policy .
It is not necessary to consider countries in Africa or the Middle East to understand the problem .
Of course , several recent Latin American presidents succeeded in changing their countries ' constitutions to lengthen their terms in office .
Whereas representation in democratic countries is based on people 's confidence that they can achieve a better future under their elected leaders , in countries like Venezuela and Bolivia nowadays , representation is based on a simple identification with the leader : `` He 's one of us . ''
Virtually all -LRB- 99 % -RRB- occur in low - and middle-income countries , but most research and funding focuses on high-tech care for the 1 % of deaths occurring in rich countries .
Saving lives requires that mothers and babies in the highest-mortality countries be reached at the time of greatest risk .
Low-income countries have demonstrated that rapid progress is possible .
These countries ' success has depended on sustained high-level political commitment to providing high-quality maternal and newborn care .
The numbers and causes of neonatal deaths , the capacity of the health system , and the obstacles faced differ between and within countries , as does support from policymakers and the availability of resources .
The additional cost of maintaining essential newborn health interventions at 90 % coverage in the 75 countries with the highest mortality is estimated to be a mere $ 4.1 billion per year .
This preventable disease should be the focus of a comprehensive educational campaign similar to anti-smoking campaigns , which are now bearing fruit in many countries .
The rich North can not continue as before , emerging industrial countries must leave the old industrial-based path to prosperity , and the rest of the world may not even embark upon it .
Yet the negotiations on emissions limits with each of the 192 signatory countries in the run-up to the Copenhagen Summit in December 2009 have so far given no indication of so radical a change .
The idea is that , in the future , all states will be allocated a national per-capita emissions budget that links three core elements of a fair global climate deal : the major industrial countries ' historical responsibility , individual countries ' current performance capacity , and global provision for the survival of mankind .
All countries must reduce their use of fossil fuels and switch to renewable energy sources as soon and as much as possible .
But , since the OECD-countries -LRB- led by the United States and Australia -RRB- will soon overrun their carbon budgets even after far-reaching emissions reductions , they must cooperate with developing countries that still have budget surpluses .
But , if the 2 ° C target is taken seriously , the twenty-first century will see countries that are not so far down the path of carbonization -LRB- such as large parts of Africa -RRB- , or that leave it in time -LRB- such as India and Pakistan -RRB- , able to become wealthy by helping societies that must de-carbonize rapidly .
This bank would also ensure that emissions trading did not run counter to the goal of remaining within the entire global budget , for example via the complete sale of unused emissions credits by individual developing countries at the beginning of the contract period .
These changes include the consolidation of face-to-face negotiations between old and new world powers -LRB- the US , the European Union , and China -RRB- and developing and emerging countries , including new regional powers like Mexico , Egypt , Turkey , and Indonesia .
Millions of Europeans want EU governments to lower their barriers to developing countries ' exports , cancel Third World debt , and increase foreign aid .
Migrants from poor countries already send home $ 200 billion a year -- perhaps another $ 400 billion informally -- compared to the $ 80 billion in aid given by Western governments .
If open borders are not politically feasible for now , our leaders should at least create a legal route for people from developing countries to enter and work .
Their opponents focus on the disruptive effects of immigration , particularly among the most vulnerable citizens in countries that already suffer from high unemployment .
Sociopolitical conditions in developing countries where demographic growth outpaces economic growth -- the situation throughout the Middle East and North Africa -- are bound to deteriorate rapidly in the years ahead .
· Rich countries , particularly in Europe , must dismantle trade barriers to exports from developing countries and cease dumping subsidized agricultural products ;
· OECD countries should honor the target of allocating the equivalent of 0.7 % of GDP annually to foreign aid ;
· The volume of foreign direct investment -LRB- FDI -RRB- in developing countries needs to be greatly increased and more evenly spread .
About 80 % of FDI in developing countries worldwide goes to just five economies : China , Hong Kong , Korea , Brazil , and Mexico .
The lesson of the last decade is that money flowing to constructive investments in developing countries would have yielded higher returns than all the Enrons , WorldComs , and Vivendis , while laying the basis for dynamic indigenous development ;
· More emphasis must be placed on dramatically improving the quality of governance in developing countries .
As a result , wealthy Middle Easterners , for example , invest their capital in developed countries , not at home ;
If properly managed , the economic benefits will be significant both for the developing world -LRB- higher remittances , but also greater opportunities for learning and experience -RRB- and rich countries -LRB- a younger , dynamic , and often entrepreneurial workforce -RRB- .
No matter what criterion one uses , Japan 's economy remains the most closed among OECD countries and one of the most closed in the world .
Incorporating Turkey -- and eventually other majority Muslim European countries -- into the EU is the European dream of the twenty-first century .
Both Jacques Chirac and Gerhard Schroeder have repeatedly pronounced that what happens in Iraq is a strategic challenge to their countries .
Precisely because they opposed the war , they are now the only countries that can restore Europe 's unity of action in promoting stability .
I am inclined to believe that the problem of malnutrition in poor countries has little to do with technology or development as such .
Even so , once the political causes of famine and malnutrition in developing countries are resolved , the use of modern biotechnology in agriculture and food production could potentially make an immense contribution to social welfare and economic advancement .
In the eyes of some neighboring countries , Russia is emerging as an ideological alternative to the EU that offers a different approach to sovereignty , power , and world order .
At the diplomatic level , Europeans could threaten to deprive Russia of the prestige it draws from participating in G8 and EU-Russia Summits . They should also aim to strengthen democracy and the rule of law in the European neighborhood by tightening relations with countries such as Georgia and Ukraine .
Not only in the countries concerned , but most importantly in the Muslim states that emerged after the Soviet Union 's collapse .
Those countries are now a focus of this rivalry .
The differences in the economies of the two countries plays a role in shaping the rivalry between them , though it does not seem to determine what happens .
They saved the banking systems , modernized telecommunications networks , rebuilt ailing industries , raised the quality of goods , and undermined the cozy vested interests that had robbed ordinary citizens for decades .
But in countries like South Africa , Namibia , and Zimbabwe , multinational companies may look very different .
By contrast , African countries often see the worst sides of multinationals : energy , mineral , and precious metal companies go where resources are , not where it 's pleasant to work .
Indeed , Europe 's finance ministries face a dilemma over how much of their stretched national budgets to allocate to the military ; and European defense officials must somehow ensure that precious funding is spent in the most efficient manner .
All NATO countries must understand that membership brings implicit and explicit responsibilities to ensure that their military forces have the capability to fight and win on the modern-day battlefield .
Doing so would provide some reimbursement to countries that currently carry an unduly large part of the burden .
It would also offer potential funding to countries that might deploy forces but face short-term financial difficulties in meeting the cost .
As a result , arms exports to third countries remain a contentious issue within the EU .
The EU could work towards a common arms-export policy by seeking a shared understanding of the predictability and stability of third-party countries .
Developing a common policy on arms exports to such countries should go hand in hand with the creation of a common and internationally competitive European defense-equipment market .
This means that cooperation with non-EU countries should not be to the detriment of solidarity and common rules within the EU .
The transfer of military equipment and technology to third countries could affect regional security and prompt a revision of threat assessments .
Four decades ago , Charles de Gaulle and Konrad Adenauer approved the creation of new textbooks that children in both countries would use to help heal the century-long Franco-German antagonism .
Only those who are familiar with European history and who engage in discussion with the candidate countries about what Europe is and should be will be able to bridge the gap between different cultures and religions .
In a sample of 53 countries for which data are available , median growth in real average wages had declined from 4.3 % in 2007 to 1.4 % in 2008 .
In this climate , globalization has come under heavy criticism , including from leaders of developing countries that could strongly benefit from it .
President Yoweri Museveni , who is widely credited for integrating Uganda into world markets , has said that globalization is `` the same old order with new means of control , new means of oppression , new means of marginalization '' by rich countries seeking to secure access to developing country markets .
To ensure a durable exit from the crisis , and to build foundations for sustained and broad-based growth in a globalized world , developing countries in 2010 and beyond must draw the right lessons from history .
In the current crisis , China , India , and certain other emerging-market countries are coping fairly well .
These countries all had strong external balance sheets and ample room for fiscal maneuver before the crisis , which allowed them to apply countercyclical policies to combat external shocks .
They have also nurtured industries in line with their comparative advantage , which has helped them weather the storm .
By contrast , if a country attempts to defy its comparative advantage , such as by adopting an import-substitution strategy to pursue the development of capital-intensive or high-tech industries in a capital-scarce economy , the government may resort to distortional subsidies and protections that dampen economic performance .
Without the ability to take timely countercyclical measures , such countries fare poorly when crises hit .
Firms in such a context will have incentives to enter industries that can use their relatively abundant labor to replace relatively scarce capital , or vice versa , thereby reducing costs and enhancing competitiveness .
Developing countries with such characteristics are able to turn factor endowments from relatively labor - or resource - abundant to relatively capital-abundant in the span of a generation .
In today 's competitive global marketplace , countries need to upgrade and diversify their industries continuously according to their changing endowments .
We must internalize lessons from the past and focus on establishing well-functioning markets that enable developing countries fully to tap their economies ' comparative advantage .
WASHINGTON , DC -- One of the best-kept economic secrets was strongly reconfirmed in 2010 : most countries , intentionally or not , pursue an industrial policy in one form or other .
This is true not only of China , Singapore , France , and Brazil -- countries usually associated with such policies -- but also for the United Kingdom , Germany , Chile , and the United States , whose industrial policies are often less explicit .
Historical evidence shows that in countries that successfully transformed from an agrarian to a modern economy -- including those in Western Europe , North America , and , more recently , in East Asia -- governments coordinated key investments by private firms that helped to launch new industries , and often provided incentives to pioneering firms .
The challenge for industrial policy is greater , because it should assist the design of efficient , government-sponsored programs in which the public and private sectors coordinate their efforts to develop new technologies and industries .
But history also tells us that while governments in almost all developing countries have attempted to play that facilitating role at some point , most have failed .
By contrast , governments in many successful developing countries have focused on strengthening industries that have done well in countries with comparable factor endowments .
That way , once constraints on new industries are removed , private firms in those industries quickly become competitive domestically and internationally .
The question then becomes how to identify competitive industries and how to formulate and implement policies to facilitate their development .
In developed countries , most industries are advanced , which suggests that upgrading requires innovation .
For developing countries , Célestin Monga and I have recently developed an approach -- called the growth identification and facilitation framework -- that can help developing-country governments increase the probability of success in supporting new industries .
This framework suggests that policymakers identify tradable industries that have performed well in growing countries with similar resources and skills , and with a per capita income about double their own .
In industries where no domestic firms are present , policymakers should aim to attract foreign direct investment from the countries being emulated or organize programs for incubating new firms .
The government should also pay attention to the development by private enterprises of new and competitive products , and support the scaling up of successful private-sector innovations in new industries .
In countries with a poor business environment , special economic zones or industrial parks can facilitate firm entry , foreign direct investment , and the formation of industrial clusters .
Finally , the government might help pioneering firms in the new industries by offering tax incentives for a limited period , co-financing investments , or providing access to land or foreign exchange .
Our approach provides policymakers in developing countries with a framework to tackle the daunting coordination challenges inherent in the creation of new , competitive industries .
Throughout history , paradigms of economic power have been drawn and redrawn according to the rise and fall of those countries best equipped to drive global growth and provide stimulus to the global economy .
But at no time in modern history have developing countries been at the forefront of a multipolar economic system .
In the years ahead , such firms are likely to press for economic reforms at home , serving as a force for increased integration of their home countries into global trade and finance .
But developing countries ' currencies will undoubtedly become more prominent in the longer term .
Countries with global economic clout have a special responsibility to accept that their policy actions have important spillover effects on other countries .
Despite the considerable progress that developing countries have made in integrating themselves into international trade and finance channels , there is still much work to be done to ensure that they share the burden of maintaining the global system in which they have a rapidly growing stake .
At the same time , it is critical that major developed countries craft policies that take into account their growing interdependency with developing countries .
During this century-long period , Sweden moved from being one of the poorest western countries to being the third richest country in terms of GDP per capita .
Between 1970 and 1995 , GDP per capita in Sweden lagged by about 18 % behind the average of rich OECD countries .
This can partly be explained by the `` catch up '' mechanism , as technologically less advanced countries imported technology from more advanced countries .
But this does not explain why 14 countries not only caught up with Sweden during this period , but surpassed it in terms of GDP per capita .
Partly in response to these reforms , Sweden 's growth rate picked up from the mid 1990 's , and today about a third of the previous lag in GDP per capita since 1970 -LRB- as compared to other developed countries -RRB- has been recovered .
China is being pressured to halt its interventions to prop up the US dollar in world currency markets , with opponents emphasizing how much harm the policy is causing to other countries .
As such , China and other countries are holding a depreciating asset that should be managed to serve domestic interests rather than those of the US .
Likewise , Russia 's effort to expand its influence in the energy-rich countries of Central Asia is aimed at consolidating Russia 's stature as a major energy supplier .
Asserting itself as a major power outside the Western realm , Russia has boosted the Shanghai Cooperation Organization , which includes China and most Central Asian countries .
Indeed , today Russia risks lagging even further behind the developed countries .
The economy 's most dynamic industries -- namely , mining and tourism -- are reserved for the military , which manages them in a business-like , profit-seeking way .
But , lacking capital and forced to pay taxes , what fate awaits industries driven by the state into the market ?
Nearly 1.5 million Cubans will never have a stake in the industries controlled by the military bourgeoisie .
The Greening of China Two countries -- the United States and China -- remain aloof from global efforts to create a new post-Kyoto framework on climate change .
To help industries in the region upgrade environmentally , firms can now obtain special loans for which the Asian Development Bank assumes the risk -- a program made possible by Hong Kong 's sound banking practices .
However , by 2100 , even the most pessimistic forecasts from the UN expect the average person in the developing countries to be richer than now , and thus better able to cope .
With developing countries getting richer over the century , malaria is similarly likely to decrease rather than increase .
This is correct , and it will clearly cause problems in low-lying countries like Bangladesh .
Yet Latin American and Caribbean children gain fewer skills in each year of school than students do in high-income countries -- and even in some other developing countries .
Guatemala , Haiti , Honduras , Nicaragua , and Paraguay lag behind even other Latin American countries .
Merely waxing lyrical about the benefits of education will do nothing to help Latin American and Caribbean countries catch up with developed countries .
Instead , governments and international organizations should support education policies that have been shown to be effective , encourage research and evaluation of other types of education policies and programs , and back non-education policies and programs that improve the quality of life in developing countries .
These three countries ' experiences make it clear that there are different paths to universal insurance , and that a serious attempt to enroll the uninsured can have dramatic results .
By the close of the century , incomes will have increased six-fold in industrialized countries and 12-fold in developing countries , making the average person in the developing world richer in 2100 than the average American or European is today .
On average , countries in Latin America and the Caribbean spend less than 2 % of their GDP on infrastructure , while 3 % to 6 % is needed to sustain rapid growth and keep pace with countries like China or Korea .
Exporters pay a high cost for low-quality trucking industries , as in Colombia , or when trucking services for perishables are inadequate .
Reducing this to 20 % would spark an impressive increase in demand and employment across many industries .
The third solution we recommend is very cheap , and has the most benefits related to costs : Latin American countries need to make it cheaper and easier to move goods across national borders . This means change both at borders and within countries .
Merchandise need n't pass through the capital , as it does in most Latin American and Caribbean countries , with the associated cost increases .
Taxes generally have little redistributive effect , because most countries rely heavily on indirect taxes .
Measures to reduce the prevalence of iron deficiency , anemia , and vitamin A , iodine , and zinc deficiencies -- which remain significant in some countries of the region -- would have a positive impact .
Over the coming century , developing nations will be increasingly dependent on food imports from developed countries .
Countries , with more independent and professional civil servants tend to have higher quality bureaucracies and less corruption .
Organized crime levels are lower in countries with independent judiciaries .
Bureaucratic and judicial reform ought to have priority in most countries in Latin America .
Between 1991 and 2000 , twelve Latin American countries adopted legislation requiring minimum percentages of women on the party lists used for the election of national legislators .
But , despite this legislation , the percentage of women legislators in many of these countries remains very low .
All countries , for example , should adopt quotas requiring that no more than half of parties ' legislative candidates in each district be of the same sex .
But if these countries replace their open lists with closed lists , the percentage of women elected should , all else remaining equal , increase by around 10 % .
First , and most importantly , they will immediately increase the number of women in Latin America 's legislative bodies , which in turn will enhance the legitimacy of these countries ' democracies .
Developed countries generally increase their forested areas , because they can afford to do so .
Developing countries ca n't .
We should probably worry a lot more than we do about demographic changes that will cause a dramatic decline in the potential labor force in rich countries , and a rise in those relying on pensions and health care .
In most industrialized countries , employment is concentrated in a narrow age range , so a decline in the labor force will cause a decline in production -- and make us less well off .
It has been widely reported that the UN 's climate change panel -LRB- the IPCC -RRB- tells us that science shows that industrial countries ' emissions should be reduced by 25-40 % by 2020 .
This could be achieved if all countries committed to spending 0.05 % of GDP on research and development of non-carbon-emitting energy technologies .
Moreover , while it would embrace all countries , the rich would pay the larger share .
The debate in my native Denmark is instructive , as the relevant government ministries have outlined what this decision will end up costing here , which in turn suggests the total cost for the EU .
People in the affected countries would live much better and become more productive , benefiting their children and grandchildren in 2100 .
The Kyoto Protocol will cut CO2 emissions from industrialized countries by 30 % below what it would have been in 2010 and by 50 % in 2050 .
Global warming will mainly harm developing countries , because they are poorer and therefore more vulnerable to the effects of climate change .
However , even the most pessimistic forecasts from the UN project that by 2100 the average person in developing countries will be richer than the average person in developed countries is now .
In reality , the talks collapsed because nobody -- not Europe , not the United States , China , India , or the other main developing countries -- was willing to take the political short-term hit by offending inefficient farmers and coddled domestic industries in order to create greater long-term benefits for virtually everyone .
The same holds true today , when countries , doing what they do best , produce more and exchange it for more of all other goods .
Anderson showed that if developing countries cut their tariffs by the same proportion as high-income countries , and services and investment were also liberalized , the annual global gains could climb to $ 120 billion , with $ 17 billion going to the world 's poorest countries by 2015 .
As economies open up , as countries do what they do best , competition and innovation drive up rates of growth .
Freer trade would force some industries to downsize or close , although more industries would expand , and for some people and communities , the transition would be difficult .
This is dwarfed by the tax that many European countries already impose , and it is much less than in the European trading system .
During the massive investment associated with the Kyoto treaty , the participating countries ' investment in R&D as a percentage of GDP has declined , not increased .
In that period , many coastlines increased , most obviously in Holland , because rich countries can easily protect and even expand their territory .
The United States has made it clear that developing countries must sign up to substantial reductions in carbon emissions in Copenhagen .
According to former US Vice President Al Gore , `` developing countries that were once reluctant to join in the first phases of a global response to the climate crisis have themselves now become leaders in demanding action and in taking bold steps on their own initiatives . ''
He recently told an Indian audience , `` of course , the developing countries will be exempted from any such restrictions , but the developed countries will certainly have to cut down on emissions . ''
The sadder thing , though , is that this money would be spent on methane collection from waste dumps in developing nations , instead of on helping those countries ' citizens deal with more pressing concerns like health and education .
We need to make emission cuts much cheaper so that countries like China and India can afford to help the environment .
The end of fossil fuel 's stronghold will come when we have cheap alternatives , especially in developing countries .
In Rio de Janeiro in 1992 , politicians from wealthy countries promised to cut emissions by 2000 , but did no such thing .
Indeed , research investment has plummeted since the 1980 's and has actually not increased since , even among Kyoto-participating countries .
First , using fossil fuels remains the only way out of poverty for developing countries .
Black carbon is essentially the soot produced by diesel emissions , and -- in developing countries -- by the burning of organic matter to cook food and stay warm .
If we are ill-prepared , global warming will cause more deaths and devastation , especially in poor countries and fragile societies .
Taking adaptation into account , rich countries will adapt to the negative consequences of global warming and exploit the positive changes , creating a total positive effect of global warming worth about 0.1 % of GDP .
Poor countries will be hit harder , however .
Many countries are now setting ambitious carbon-cutting goals ahead of global negotiations in Copenhagen this December to replace the Kyoto Protocol .
Current technology is so inefficient that -- to take just one example -- if we were serious about wind power , we would have to blanket most countries with wind turbines to generate enough energy for everybody , and we would still have the massive problem of storage : we do n't know what to do when the wind does n't blow .
But the reality , revealed by a recent study by the Danish Center for Political Studies , is that less than 10 % of the Denmark 's electricity demand is met by wind , because much of the power is produced when there is no demand and is sold at very low cost to other countries .
Developing countries blame rich countries for the lack of progress .
The United Nations Secretary General says that `` it may be difficult for President Obama to come with strong authority '' to reach agreement in Copenhagen . Others blame developing countries -- particularly Brazil , China and India -- for a reluctance to sign up to binding carbon cuts .
Global Warming 's Misunderstood Victims BAMAKO , MALI -- Media organizations in wealthy countries regularly send forth reporters to find `` victims of global warming . '' In dispatches from the Pacific Islands , Bangladesh , or Ethiopia , journalists warn of impending calamity .
Rich countries and donors have limited budgets and attention spans .
STOCKHOLM -- The idea of a `` bad bank '' appears to grow more popular by the day in countries where toxic assets have paralyzed lending .
The radical solution was to separate all the assets that were alien to the bank 's core business , mainly real estate companies , but also firms in the manufacturing , construction , and service industries .
· Although Sweden 's experience concerned shares in companies used as collateral for credit , rather than bonds or similar financial instruments , this situation will likely arise in many countries today as the crisis continues , more companies go bankrupt , and banks recall their collateral and take possession of shares in indebted companies .
And company-based social benefits in some leading European countries weaken corporate flexibility by locking in labor .
Enlargement has made far-away countries our neighbors .
This means leveraging unglamorous tools like tariffs , industrial standards , market regulation , and cooperation in research and education in our relations with countries like Russia and Egypt , just as we have done with Norway and Switzerland .
Europe needs to curb subsidies for old and dying industries , and to invest the money saved in future-oriented sectors .
Each of the three parts of Greater Europe -- Russia , the European Union , and the countries between them -- is in crisis .
This suggests that Russia , unable to compete with the world 's fast-developing countries , will have to direct its efforts towards protecting its waning assets .
In short , the EU will no longer be able to offer attractive membership prospects to neighboring countries , nor will it be able to allocate adequate resources for surrogate membership schemes like the Eastern Partnership .
This dilemma has begun to have a negative effect on the countries that lie between Russia and the EU .
Developments in these countries during the postcommunist years marked a gradual change from Russian to European influence , but that is not irreversible .
The EU and NATO are unable to expand farther , even though they may want to maintain post-Soviet countries ' interest in membership in order to prevent their possible return to Russia 's orbit .
These `` intermediate '' countries therefore remain in limbo .
The global economic crisis has aggravated this ambiguity , while also markedly reducing the flow of resources that these needy countries receive .
The EU 's greater economic power still attracts other countries , but this power might lose its luster if the EU continues to disappoint them by failing to meet their expectations .
The climate-change conference in Copenhagen last December illustrated this decline , as it was the four main emerging countries -- China , India , Brazil , and South Africa -- that held the key negotiations in which US President Barack Obama actively intervened .
Trade in organs follows a clear , geographically linked pattern : people from rich countries buy the organs , and people in poor countries sell them .
Such clinics can be found in many countries , including Iran , Pakistan , Ukraine , South Africa , and the Philippines .
One of the more obvious manifestations of treating the human body as a resource to be mined is the hospital waiting list , used in many countries .
As always where demand exceeds supply , people may not accept waiting their turn -- and other countries and other peoples ' bodies give them the alternative they seek .
While commentators in Israel and around the world were still mourning or gloating over Israel 's lost military supremacy , both Egyptian President Anwar Sadat and Syrian President Hafez Al-Assad soberly recognized that their countries had come closer to catastrophic defeat than in 1967 , and that it was imperative to avoid another war .
We also need Africans who love Africa so much that they want to protect their countries -- their land -- from environmentally destructive processes .
There are indications of good governance in many countries .
Many countries are resolving their conflicts and working for peace and stability .
With the exception of Central America , rising commodity prices have improved the external accounts and fiscal positions of Latin American countries .
This comes to around 7 % of GDP in these countries -LRB- more than 11 % in Venezuela and Bolivia , and 8 % in Ecuador and Mexico -RRB- .
Some of these funds were aimed to improve countries ' fiscal balance .
While the primary deficit -LRB- before interest payments -RRB- in 2002 was similar among countries with and without important natural resources , in 2007 , the former showed a surplus equivalent to 3.8 % of GDP -- compared to 1.6 % of GDP for non-commodity-exporting countries .
While several countries established legal limits to control spending , deficits , and debt , in some cases -- for example , Argentina , Ecuador , and Venezuela -- such laws were not enforced .
Since there is no attribution in countries ' fiscal accounts of income from products linked to natural resources , we can only hazard a reasonably informed guess about how that spending was allocated .
Between 2001-2002 and 2007-2008 , social-welfare spending in countries with abundant natural resources increased by around 55 % in real terms , with spending relative to GDP rising by nearly 3.5 percentage points .
In some countries there were also increased subsidies .
In short , Latin American countries have used their additional export revenues to pay down debt and increase social spending .
An immigration influx into Italy spills over into other EU countries . A wrong assessment by German authorities of the health risk posed by a particular vegetable leads to massive financial losses for farmers across Europe .
As such , it could contribute to insufficient responses in Japan itself -- from the government to individual companies and households -- as well as in other countries .
Meanwhile , on the supply side , countries are dealing with high and volatile commodity prices , including an oil-price spike as a result of the Middle East uprisings .
And Japan 's nuclear crisis will mean greater uncertainty about nuclear power in other countries .
If the West now wants to hold Asian countries responsible for restraining new sources of greenhouse-gas emissions , it must first hold itself accountable for its old stock and current emissions .
As for India , at the G-8 Summit in July 2009 , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said , `` Nothing could be farther from the truth than the notion that the developing countries were complacent or were not interested in addressing the consequences of climate change . '' Indeed , in 2008 India unveiled an ambitious National Action Plan on Climate Change , which includes eight national missions , including solar and enhanced energy efficiency missions .
India , China , and a handful of other Asian countries are also witnessing remarkable growth in local alternative energy companies and the use of renewable energy .
Suzlon Energy , an Indian company started in 1995 with just 20 people , has become one of the world 's leading wind power companies , with offices in 21 countries .
Developing countries , particularly those in Asia , will suffer the worst consequences of global warming : storm damage , rising sea levels , and massive refugee flows .
Now , in response to global challenges -- for example , pandemics , financial crises , and climate change -- the vast majority of Asian countries understand that collective action does not erode but instead protects sovereignty .
Various Asian countries joined efforts to combat piracy off the coast of Somalia .
Financial Regulation : Asian countries need to take more leadership in regulating financial markets .
Geopolitics has a similar law : whenever the world sees a new emerging power , the world 's greatest existing power tries , directly or indirectly , to block its rise .
There is great nostalgia for the last liberal experiment -LRB- from the 1920 's until the 1952 Revolution -RRB- , which was a model for other Arab countries .
Healthy People , Healthy Cities , Healthy Economies OXFORD -- The forces that drove the growth of European and North American cities in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries are now driving urbanization in Brazil , China , India , Mexico , Russia , and other emerging-market countries .
But such innovation does not always begin at home , which is why city governments need to know about potentially applicable ideas and lessons from other cities and countries .
If cities are to drive emerging-market countries towards a better future , their governments must ensure that urban housing , infrastructure , and services stay abreast of demand .
Ultimately , the economic health of emerging-market countries will depend on the reinvention of urban public health .
Nearly a hundred countries participated in the meeting , promising Liberia more than $ 500 million in reconstruction aid .
The conference in New York Friday drew on the collective resources and expertise of UN agencies , the World Bank , and the major donor countries led by the United States , an impressive and effective collaboration that offers a rough framework for preparation for future post-conflict response .
In the first two , the US reassures each of these region 's countries that there will be no sudden change in the balance of power that will threaten them .
Complete American withdrawal could lead to suspicion , arms races , and , in the worst case , wars among the countries of Europe and Asia .
In the Middle East , the US confronts Iran , which seeks to expand its power by any means it can , to oust neighboring countries ' governments in favor of ideologically sympathetic forces , and ultimately to evict America from the region .
In other countries that have become democracies , the institutions and practices of liberty have often emerged from the working of a free-market economy .
It is no accident that a free-market economy preceded democratic politics in many countries in Latin America and Asia in the second half of the twentieth century .
This matters , because countries , like individuals , tend to emulate others that they resemble and admire .
After they overthrew communism in 1989 , the peoples of Central Europe gravitated to democracy because that was the prevailing form of government in the countries of Western Europe , with which they strongly identified .
Egypt is , however , better placed to embrace democracy than the other Arab countries , because the obstacles to democracy in the Arab world are less formidable in Egypt than elsewhere .
Other Arab countries -- Iraq , Syria , and Lebanon , for example -- are sharply divided along tribal , ethnic , and religious lines .
The oil that the Arab countries of the Persian Gulf have in abundance also works against democracy , for it creates an incentive for the rulers to retain power indefinitely .
Italians , after all , migrated not only from Italy 's south to its north , but also to other countries looking for a better life .
It also means a gradual and beneficial cohabitation that began immediately after WWII as a common effort to help out the defeated countries and enhance their chances for democracy and prosperity .
In the notorious Walser Debate of 1998 in Germany about the `` unbearable '' way Germans had been portrayed after the Holocaust , I proposed that every country should complement its monuments of heroism with monuments of shame to recall the wrong done to other countries , other peoples , and also to its own people .
She noted with gravity today 's migrations from poor to prosperous countries , the globalization of evil , the contradictions and conflicts of modernity , the angry terrorist response to it , and the contrast between a rational , pragmatic West and a more idealistic and superstitious East , prone to religious fanaticism and political extremism .
Financial support for developing countries will play a vital role in any integrated action .
This goal is laid out in the Copenhagen Accord , which now has the agreement of 140 countries .
Poor countries and communities are the most vulnerable and have done the least to create the problem .
Rich countries have a clear obligation to provide additional resources .
The scale and urgency of this issue for developing countries was recognized by every member of the Advisory Group , which included heads of government , finance ministers , leading figures from the private sector , and policy experts , most of them with direct and serious experience in public finance and policy .
The Group 's report this week concluded that raising $ 100 billion a year for developing countries is a feasible goal if the political will is there .
If rich countries introduce domestic carbon taxes or auction emissions permits based on this price level , they could potentially provide $ 30 billion a year for developing countries by using just 10 % of the revenues .
A carbon tax on international shipping and aviation set at the same level -LRB- or auction revenues from emissions caps , if that pricing route is followed -RRB- could generate $ 10 billion annually for international climate action from just 25-50 % of the revenues , even after ensuring that costs borne by developing countries are covered .
Other policies , such as redirecting subsidies paid by rich countries to the fossil-fuel industry , or levying a tax on financial transactions , could provide a further $ 10 billion each year .
All these measures together could raise about $ 50 billion annually in net public funding to help developing countries adapt to climate change .
In addition , the multilateral development banks -LRB- MDBs -RRB- , including the regional development banks and the World Bank , could raise an additional $ 20-30 billion in gross public financing through higher contributions from rich countries .
Sound policies in developing countries , a price for carbon , and risk-sharing and co-financing with MDBs and other national and international institutions can yield private flows that are many times the public resources involved in fostering them .
Resources are more likely to be generated in rich countries and be acceptable in developing countries if they are provided in ways that promote effective spending .
The productivity of aid has also improved because of progress in the policy environment and the investment climate in developing countries .
The `` black '' economy has , by some estimates , reached 10 % of GDP in advanced countries and can top 70 % in developing countries .
Some developing countries have introduced a far-reaching VAT refund system for consumers who collect official receipts .
Monetary subsidies to consumption are also often granted in developed countries for a variety of purposes , not least of which is fighting tax evasion .
As French cities have burned , other countries have been very severe in judging France .
Other countries ' governments , it seems , have been trying to distance themselves from the problem , fearing a contagion that they know is likely to spread .
Argentina 's financial panic and the run on its banks that ensued , as well as Asia 's financial crisis of 1997 , have forced a number of countries to consider adopting deposit insurance schemes to protect their citizens ' savings .
Defined that way , the problem disappears , because the current-account deficit of the EU as a whole is only about 0.35 % of its GDP , even though individual member countries have very different external positions .
If an internal EU imbalance is to be corrected , deficit countries must accept real output losses , while surplus countries can maintain or even boost their growth rates .
Thus , deficit countries have to control price and wage growth to improve competitiveness , while surplus countries may have to accept some inflation .
And , of course , the political sensitivity of Europe 's imbalances consists precisely in telling deficit countries that they must accept enduring hard times while surplus countries are required merely to save a little less .
Here , there is also a technical aspect that must be taken into account : it is much easier to constrain consumption through wage contraction or lower credit expansion than it is to stimulate it , especially if the high propensity to save in some surplus countries reflects cultural and institutional factors .
In principle , deficit countries may not have to go through further recession to promote external adjustment if they can generate sufficient income from exports to service their external debts .
The problem is that some countries have no other adjustment strategy than slower growth .
In this respect , the recent Basel III preliminary agreement and the establishment of new European financial supervisory structures might be more important for correcting and preventing external imbalances than recent plans by the EU to extend economic surveillance of member countries -- and even to impose sanctions to enforce non-fiscal macroeconomic targets .
But African countries do have some things in common : widespread improvements in farm policy , improved demographic conditions , and the availability of new technologies create new opportunities for the decade ahead .
To gain control of the mandarins , the DPJ plans to place 100 lawmakers in the ministries ' top leadership , as well as three dozen political appointees to policy staffs in the office of the prime minister .
Moreover , perhaps in anticipation of a change in power , the mandarins have moved forward the annual personnel changes in the major ministries ' top administrative positions .
Despite a good start , many countries are developing these twenty-first century technologies within an old and blinkered mindset .
It is true that poorer EU countries tend to outgrow richer ones , but poor regions do not necessarily outgrow rich regions or even the country average .
In the 1990 's , these ex-communist countries had to face temporary income slumps as most of their industrial production became virtually made obsolete overnight .
Unsurprisingly , then , regional disparities in income are much greater across the enlarged EU 's countries than across the US states .
As with the EU-15 , income convergence for the regions again turns out to be slower than convergence between countries .
Recent empirical evidence suggests that the central and eastern European regions benefiting most from EU membership are those around the country 's capital city or sharing a border with one of the 15 countries .
Globalization and technological change are reshaping production throughout Europe , leading to the decline of traditional industries and rapid growth of high-technology manufacturing , banking and finance , scientific research , and business services .
Ideally , the US should deal with a South Atlantic Treaty Organization , consisting of African states that are allied against terrorism , rather than cutting bilateral deals with individual African countries .
The go-it-alone strategy practiced by most African countries has left them vulnerable to the whims of former colonial powers determined to perpetuate an international division of labor that assigns to Africa the role of supplier of basic products and raw materials , rather than skilled , well-paid labor .
This should be followed by a determined strategy to end Africa 's position as the `` ghetto continent , '' one used by the industrialised countries -- in collusion with most African rulers -- as a dumping ground for obsolete products .
Suitable control systems should be put in place to stop and correct any failure to meet the established rules by any means necessary , including suspension of membership or exclusion of culprit countries .
Here the international community will have to help , for just as Southeast Asia 's economies needed some protection for their infant industries , so Africa 's may also need a brief respite from the whip of the global market during the first stage of building the AU .
African countries that were locked out of international capital markets for most of the past five decades have largely been spared the twin woes of financial turmoil and economic downturn .
Moreover , several African countries have received ratings from credit agencies , which has opened up global financial centers to them .
In some cases , these ratings have proved equivalent to or higher than those of countries such as Turkey or Argentina .
Furthermore , countries such as China , India , and Brazil has provided a platform for increased exports and the inception of a model of cooperation based on trade , investment , and technology transfer , rather than `` aid . ''
These developments have combined to improve African countries ' macroeconomic performance dramatically .
Since 2000 , sub-Saharan African countries have achieved economic growth of 5-7 % .
A study commissioned by the Rome-based International Fund for Agricultural Development indicates that more than 30 million individuals living outside their countries of origin contribute more than $ 40 billion annually in remittances to their families and communities back home .
For sub-Saharan African countries , remittances increased from $ 3.1 billion in 1995 to $ 18.5 billion in 2007 , according to the World Bank , representing between 9 % and 24 % of GDP and 80-750 % of ODA .
Western Union charges fees as high as 25 % on transfers to these countries , compared to an average global benchmark of 5 % , and has required that Franc-Zone countries sign exclusivity agreements , thereby preventing foreign-exchange bureaux , post offices , and micro-finance institutions from carrying out money transfers .
That makes it all the more important that African countries , many of which have laid a strong groundwork for sustainable growth , have a financial system in place that can leverage remittances effectively as the global economy recovers .
With the exception of Ghana , and a few other states , in 2009 most African countries ' fiscal balances deteriorated .
But , thanks to prudent management of public finances during previous periods of robust growth , a significant number of African countries have endured the current crisis in better fiscal shape than during past crises .
Moreover , several African countries continued to implement long-term reforms to improve their business and investment climate , despite the daunting challenges presented by the crisis .
The effects of banks ' hijacking of national payment systems to service only the modern economy are compounded by the exclusive agreements that banks and money-transfer companies such as Western Union have signed with most African countries .
African states must now recognize that modernizing their informal sectors by integrating them into the modern economy can be a major development tool . Yet only a few countries have started moving in that direction .
Moreover , economic integration and increased intra-regional trade are the best entry point into global markets for all countries .
But it strains the imagination to link Africa 's colonial-era pains with the willingness of African leaders to spend a fortune to equip their countries with state-of-the-art settlement systems , and then proceed to exclude their citizens from using them .
DAKAR -- This month , Africa 's Francophone countries will mark the 50th anniversary of their independence , and of the ties they maintain with France .
On the monetary front , the CFA Franc Zone 's member countries dismantled the federal structure that united them during French occupation and erected trade barriers instead .
More appalling is the fact that France guarantees the CFA franc 's free convertibility into hard currency , originally on the condition that all 15 Franc Zone countries surrender 100 % of their foreign reserves to the French Treasury .
The amount was reduced to 65 % , and then 50 % , in 2005 , but France still deducts its share directly from these countries ' export earnings .
With the establishment of ECOWAS , the Franc Zone countries created two sub-regional groupings , WAEMU and CEMAC , in a bid to curb British , American , and Nigerian influence .
As a result , West African countries are mostly missing out on Africa 's current revival -- and the prospect of a prolonged period of stagnation in the eurozone certainly wo n't help .
If there is something to celebrate , it is that the balance of global economic power is shifting to emerging countries , and that new role models and a new generation raised in a globalized world are becoming ready to assume the mantle of leadership .
One remembers the 1960 's , when the global economy 's `` long boom '' gave Africa a chance to save its surpluses , invest in value-added industries , and increase productivity .
Regional groups of countries in eastern , southern , and western Africa are all giving priority to the idea of creating a monetary union .
Before the euro 's arrival on the international financial scene in 1999 , the only examples of countries with common currencies were neo-colonial francophone Africa and nineteenth-century precedents like the Latin American and Scandinavian monetary unions .
The creation of the CFA franc , which gives France control of 65 % of the CFA countries ' foreign-exchange reserves , combined currency convertibility with a grossly overvalued parity -- pegged first to the French franc and now to the euro -- as well as trade barriers .
At this stage of their economic development , with its focus on commodity exports , the priority for Africa 's countries should be long-term economic integration , not currency union .
Mercosur 's member countries have adopted a strategy that prioritizes the creation of a free-trade area .
They steered clear of establishing a heavy budget-fueled bureaucracy , leaving respective ministries to handle administering the accord . In 2008 , Mercosur intra-regional exports reached $ 41.6 billion , up by 28.4 % from 2007 .
In 2008 , it attracted a record $ 56 billion in FDI , an increase of 31.5 % from 2007 . Moreover , cross-investment between Mercosur member countries has led to greater economic integration . Argentina is now Brazil 's second-largest trading partner , behind the United States , while Brazil is Argentina 's largest trading partner , ahead of the US .
The seven member countries of ASEAN decided to implement economic `` roadmaps '' defining integration priorities , a testimony to their determination to achieve a single economic community .
By contrast , trade among African countries accounts for only about 10-12 % of the continent 's exports and imports .
But , partly because several African countries have escaped the hang-over from the global credit crisis , more investors are focusing on business opportunities there .
For some analysts , the emergence of countries like Brazil as economic powerhouses stems partly from successful demutualization of their stock exchanges .
-LRB- The Chinese takeovers of South African and Nigerian textile industries are good examples of this strategy .
The textiles exported the world over by these industries are deemed African exports when in reality they are now Chinese exports . -RRB-
Unlike China , its leaders claim , the West continues to hold African countries hostage through a combination of unequal trade deals , lack of access to capital markets , aid dependency , financial deregulation and economic liberalization , budget austerity , crippling debt , political meddling , and military intervention .
Given the heavy volume of concessionary loans provided by China , concern about African countries ' future debt burden is growing .
China 's credo of `` non-interference in domestic affairs '' and `` separation of business and politics '' is , not surprisingly , music to the ears of African leaders , who fall over each other to sing the praises of Chinese cooperation with their countries .
Today , China has seized control of a huge swath of local African industries , in the process grabbing their allocated export quotas .
The CFA 's fixed exchange rate peg to the euro shields them from any risk of capital loss at a time when countries around the world are battling to maintain competitive exchange rates in order to export their way out of economic trouble .
With such a currency regime in place , there is no prospect for proper industrialization in western Africa 's francophone countries , whose economic woes stand in sharp contrast to other reviving African economies .
A stream of refugees fled to neighboring countries , especially Liberia .
So deeply has he identified his and his family 's interests with the state that he appointed his son , Karim Wade , to head four different ministries -- international cooperation , air travel , infrastructure , and energy -- simultaneously .
These are just a few examples of the vast misuse of the country 's resources , owing to the marked preference of Senegal 's elite to use import licenses to build up their own fortunes rather than develop import-substitution industries .
Indeed , Africa is at a turning point . Since 2000 , its sub-Saharan countries have achieved average economic growth of 5-7 % .
With the right governance , Senegal , with its longstanding political stability as a 51-year-old democracy and its strategic position bordering Mauritania , Mali , Guinea and Guinea-Bissau on Africa 's westernmost point , is ideally positioned to serve as the hub for natural-resource development in these countries -- and in Burkina Faso , Gambia , and Niger as well .
The economic benefits of such a strategy for Senegal are potentially vast : new industries in mineral processing , transport , and shipping , bringing higher-value-added employment ; budget revenues from transit fees for minerals exports and pipelines ; and improved infrastructure connecting the country 's rural heartland to Dakar and the coast .
Created in 1948 to help France control the destiny of its colonies , fourteen countries -- Benin , Burkina-Faso , Ivory Coast , Mali , Niger , Senegal , Togo , Cameroon , Central African Republic , Congo , Gabon , Equatorial Guinea , Bissau Guinea , and Chad -- maintained the franc zone even after they gained independence decades ago .
In exchange for France guaranteeing the CFA franc 's convertibility , these countries agreed to deposit 65 % of their foreign exchange reserves in a special account within the French Treasury and granted to France a veto over the franc zone 's monetary policy whenever this special account was overdrawn .
On the other hand , in line with IMF and World Bank structural adjustment programs , strict budget discipline has kept inflation low -- as if further belt tightening in the name of price stability was the right policy priority in desperately poor countries hit by decades of depressed demand .
As a result , some of the poorest countries in the world are financing part of the French budget deficit .
Even the common currency 's beneficial effects on trade among member countries were nullified by the paradoxical decision taken by the former sub-Saharan French colonies to dismantle the federal governmental structure and the single market of colonial times and to erect trade barriers in their place .
No wonder that nowadays most of these countries face civil unrest , rebellion , and risk of implosion .
The campaign to forgive Africa 's debt was , on the other hand , focused on the crushing debt load owed by African countries to the IMF and the World Bank , who only have money to worry about .
As a result , these countries were left with no choice but to subcontract their development to the IMF and World Bank .
But the debtor countries are nonetheless obliged to service these debts by whatever means necessary , including more borrowing and further entanglement , leading to further impoverishment .
Furthermore the US , the EU member states and the East Asian countries all regulated inward foreign investment and imposed capital controls .
In the face of these undeniable facts , the path chosen by the IMF and the World Bank was , at best , a mark of their incompetence and , at worst , a deliberate ploy to keep the sub-Saharan countries and their populations in bondage .
These clauses have yet to be invoked , but for the sake of unity and to strengthen the solidarity of African countries , it would be advisable for the nascent African Union take the lead .
An oil rush is underway in the continent , because all developed countries ' national security depends on a steady oil supply , and sub-Saharan Africa owns 8 % of the world 's known reserves .
According to the US Energy Department , within this decade American oil imports from Africa will reach 770 millions barrels annually , as exploration intensifies throughout the Gulf of Guinea , and as the US brokers peace in war-ravaged oil-producing countries , such as Sudan and Angola , and establishes strategic bases to safeguard output .
As a result , West African oil producers will be earning an estimated $ 200 billion over the next decade , more than 10 times the sum Western countries allocate each year to the `` aid industry '' in the region .
This was the objective set by the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative , which requested that the publication of multinational oil companies ' payments to governments be made mandatory .
If Africa 's oil wealth is to be exploited - and it will be exploited - - it is in the interest of oil importing countries to promote better government in Africa .
This implies active complicity between creditors -LRB- the OECD countries and their financial institutions , especially the IMF and the World Bank -RRB- and borrowers -LRB- African governments -RRB- .
Capital flight provides creditors with the resources they need to finance additional loans to the countries from which these resources originated in the first place - a scheme known as `` round-tipping '' or `` back-to-back '' loans .
Common sense points to the need for the OECD countries , the IMF , and the World Bank to sever their dubious complicity with sub-Saharan African leaders and support policies that are in the long-term interest of the West and the world .
Why are the countries of sub-Saharan Africa the poorest in the world ?
Indeed , the overwhelming majority of African rulers regard their countries as their personal possessions , to be used as they see fit .
Nowadays , leaders squander their countries ' resources and revenues , leaving the majority of their populations mired in poverty , disease , hunger , war , and hopelessness .
Venezuela 's President Hugo Chávez , for example , is using his country 's oil revenues to provide free literacy training and health care , to help alleviate the debts of his Argentinean and Ecuadorian neighbors , to forge energy alliances in Latin America and the Caribbean , and to propose a strategic rapprochement with the Andean countries .
When sub-Saharan African countries gained independence in the late 1950 's and early 1960 's , their leaders inherited bankrupt states with no access to international capital markets .
As a result , newly established African leaders had no alternative but to sub-contract economic development to the IMF and World Bank and the Western countries that control them .
Structural adjustment programs demanded by the IMF and the World Bank ended up transforming these countries into dumping grounds for over-subsidized Western agricultural surpluses and over-priced and obsolete manufactured goods .
This would provide the region with the muscle to pursue a development strategy similar to that adopted in the past by the US , the European Union 's member states , and the East Asian countries .
All of these countries imposed capital controls and regulated inward foreign investment in the early stages of their economic development .
China 's moves to strengthen its African ties have three objectives : to consolidate secure energy and mineral supplies , to curtail Taiwan 's influence on the continent -LRB- which harbors six of the 26 countries with which it maintains full diplomatic relations -RRB- , and to augment China 's burgeoning global authority .
While trade and investment ties with China helped boost the continent 's overall economic growth to a record-high 5.2 % in 2005 , China also canceled $ 10 billion in bilateral debts from African countries .
African countries have become large buyers of Chinese weapons and military equipment .
As Africans know from past experience , countries have no friends , but only interests .
Overcoming Africa 's North-South Divide The late President Mobutu Sese Seko of former Zaire once declared that the North African countries , which pride themselves on their Arabic descent , should be excluded from the then Organization of African Unity .
Mauritania 's leaders quit ECOWAS , the West African regional grouping , to join the union formed by the North African countries .
These countries ' attitude reflects that of the Arabs themselves .
Why then , should sub-Saharan black Africans keep alive the mirage of a union with the North African countries ?
The Egyptians , with a historical civilization second to none in terms of achievements in all walks of life , want desperately to associate with the Arabs , with whom they have no kinship other than colonization . Likewise , the other people of North African countries are Berbers who , less than half a century ago , were given cash incentives to learn Arabic .
Diversity must be a source of richness , not antagonism , and countries that favor the latter must be excluded .
As for African countries , the politics and economics of globalization have stripped them of their assets and natural resources and left them with an unbearable debt burden .
Exports have remained the main driver of economic performance for the ASEAN countries , contributing to 5.8 % regional GDP growth in 2006 .
Harnessing the hydroelectric power of the Congo Basin alone would be enough to meet all of Africa 's energy needs , or to light the entire continent of South America . Moreover , establishing an African grid would enable power from the Democratic Republic of Congo to be delivered to southern European countries such as Spain , Portugal , and Italy .
However , while 90 % of world reserves of hydraulic energy are concentrated in underdeveloped regions like sub-Saharan Africa , HVDC technology remains the preserve of developed countries .
This precedent offers an important lesson for Thailand and other countries facing intractable insurgencies .
A Relationship Strengthened by Crisis NEW YORK -- In recent years , emerging-market countries , including those in Asia , have made impressive strides in strengthening their fundamentals , accelerating their economic growth and cushioning themselves against external shocks .
While most Asian countries have had relatively limited direct exposure to mortgage-related assets , deleveraging by foreign investors and slowing external demand have simultaneously created tighter credit conditions and lower expectations for growth .
Second , it is also clear that developed countries must act rapidly and in concert to minimize the impact of the crisis on emerging markets .
Lending large sums before assessing root causes and determining appropriate policy responses can undermine the IFIs ' credibility and reduce the capital available to assist other countries in need .
When resources are needed , however , the IFIs are a logical place to turn , and they must show flexibility and adaptability to help their member countries .
But greater representation is not a one-way street : with greater voice and influence , emerging-market countries must assume greater leadership responsibilities and act as constructive partners in these institutions .
Back then , `` Japan bashing '' came to mean the threat of US trade sanctions unless Japan softened competitive pressure on American industries .
Whereas Japan bashing included `` voluntary '' restraints on exports that threatened US heavy industries , where lobbies were concentrated and politically potent , recent Chinese exports have mainly been low - to middle-tech products of light industry .
As the European Union prepares to welcome up to twelve new members , debate is heating up among the leading candidate countries about whether or not speedy adoption of the euro will promote or impede rapid catch-up growth .
No one took into account the fact that countries like France and Switzerland somehow manage to thrive with large states .
This helped stabilize the work of government ministries .
Five days after the Congress , his speech was sent to all the leaders of the socialist countries and read at local party meetings across the Soviet Union .
The Soviet Union and other socialist countries faced a crisis of faith , as the main threat to communism was not imperialism , or ideological dissidents , but the movement 's own intellectual poverty and disillusion .
A cross section of 40 poor and rich countries shows that there is a strong relationship between women 's economic and social status and overall economic growth .
As The Economist pointed out last year , women have become the engine of global growth , especially in China and other Asian countries .
Even in India , where more than half of girls and women are illiterate , more women hold senior management positions than in countries like Germany and the Netherlands .
In European countries like Germany and the Netherlands , college-educated women often choose to be stay-at-home mothers or work part-time .
Or they come from countries in Eastern Europe or Southeast Asia and have fallen victim to human trafficking , lured by decent job offers or simply sold by their parents .
But not all imbalances are created equal , so it is important to weigh the consequences of individual countries ' external accounts for global economic stability and prosperity .
Together with the widening US budget deficit , America 's current-account deficit -- already large -- ballooned , mirrored by bulging external surpluses in China and , as oil prices spiraled , in oil-producing countries like the United Arab Emirates .
More than half of these investments are within other EU countries , with a further 30 % going to the US .
It is , of course , unfortunate that German banks and pension funds lent money to debt-laden countries such as Spain , Greece , and Portugal on overly favorable terms , inflating asset bubbles that eventually had to burst .
Lumping all surplus countries together -- or all deficit countries , for that matter , will not help us find a way to rebalance the world economy .
Asked during an interview in September 2007 whether European governments should liberalize their countries ' labor codes , former United States Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan responded that Europe 's labor-protection laws significantly inhibited economic performance and resulted in chronically high unemployment across the continent .
A more important explanation for Germany 's current economic success may be the substantial government support that German industries receive on a structural basis , especially the car industry .
It is noteworthy that in the Scandinavian countries , which enjoy some of the most progressive social protections in Europe , these benefits are provided by statutory laws enacted by legislatures rather than by courts enacting constitutional `` rights . ''
It has benefited many professionals and industries , too , by becoming a new source of pride , funding , and profit .
And throughout the EU , the positive effects of the enlargement strategy that has brought in 10 ex-communist countries over the past three years looks to be generating a new self-confidence .
Nobody knows whether the current prime ministers of the EU 's 27 member countries will choose Blair .
The three Benelux countries , along with a few other smaller EU nations , are opposed to the new European president being from a large nation .
Europe has an international image problem that in part stems from a complex institutional structure that non-EU countries find baffling .
The Union 's failure so far to respond adequately to the crisis engulfing the Arab world is sharpening knives in foreign ministries across Europe .
Few know better than the Eurocrats of Brussels that the unrest now sweeping across Arab countries was only a matter of time in coming .
In stark contrast to the way that former Soviet-bloc countries have been drawn into the European economy , Arab countries have received little help from the EU , despite the huge challenges they face .
In the past , there was talk in Brussels of helping Arab countries to develop closer mutual trade links .
Yet they remain islands of underdevelopment -- less than 2 % of the five Maghreb countries ' trade is with one another , and much the same is true of the eastern Mediterranean countries of the Mashreq and of the Gulf states .
No wider plan for encouraging Arab countries to embrace democracy was mooted , still less one that would make EU economic cooperation conditional on political reform .
It would have been a good idea , for example , to send EEAS observers to selected countries to assess their political mood and economic needs .
Gansu 's challenges range from modernizing its heavy industries to resisting desertification and the encroachment of the Gobi desert .
There are now no EU countries where Euroskeptics are in the majority , and the widespread impression that citizens in Western and Eastern Europe alike are turning their backs on the EU is wrong . The reality is that even though voters may find the EU remote , most appreciate the need for Europe to unite in a world where China , India , and other fast-developing countries are set to challenge it .
And greater involvement quickly leads to better understanding of the issues at stake , and the reasons why some policies have been adopted that challenge or even override the sovereign powers of individual countries .
Most telling in Russian eyes has been EU countries ' competition for oil and gas contracts , which has done much to convince the Kremlin that Europe is not a political force to be reckoned with .
Extending an olive branch to Russia will have little or no voter appeal in most EU countries , and Putin 's efforts to retain power de facto if not de jure after Medvedev wins his likely victory next March are certain to make matters worse .
The `` demographic time bomb '' that economic analysts have been discussing for a decade or more is now exploding . The result is widespread labor shortages in many EU countries and an alarming reduction in the proportion of working-age people whose taxes pay the pensions and medical costs of those who have retired .
Many countries have themselves aggravated the problem , either by encouraging early retirement or -- as with France -- through job-creation nostrums like the 35-hour working week .
The political mindset in most EU countries remains firmly focused on unemployment as the chief ill to be cured , whereas the real threat is the worsening shortage of people to fill job vacancies .
That will be a matter of opinion until the recession begins to abate ; the truth is that we do n't yet know whether this crisis will be a snowball that grows layer by layer or an avalanche that sweeps away entire industries .
There is a growing awareness in Europe that the crisis is set to re-shape our industrial base , as Asian countries take over from the EU and the United States many of their advanced technology fiefdoms .
A recent Gallup poll showed that 36 % of people questioned in all 27 EU countries no longer trust the parliament , with the only consolation being that even more , 37 % , now mistrust the European Commission .
For most of modern history , the Franco-German antagonism-the two countries ' so-called `` hereditary enmity '' - haunted Europe and the world .
As a result , farmers in future member countries will only receive 25 % of West European levels of direct payments when they join in 2004 , reaching parity only in 2013 .
Most importantly , the political determination needed to begin long overdue social-welfare and labor-market reforms is weak in both countries .
As the most important Euro countries , France and Germany have a special responsibility for the health of Europe 's economy and the credibility of its currency .
But Germany has also lost much , including the many US troops who will now reportedly be re-deployed to bases in other countries .
Not surprisingly , Poland -- like other Central and East European countries -- sought reassurance from the US and Britain when their colossal neighbors , Germany and Russia , embarked on their anti-American flirtation .
Once again , the two countries have forged a `` coalition of the unwilling '' -- this time against the sanctions mechanism of the European Stability and Growth Pact , which limits the size of euro members ' budget deficits to 3 % of GDP .
In other words , countries complying with the Pact would now pay the bill for the lack of fiscal discipline in France and Germany .
It is understandable that good Europeans like the Dutch and the Finns find it unacceptable that heavyweights like France and Germany now claim to be more equal than smaller countries .
Together , these three countries represent the complete diversity of foreign policy traditions that one can find in the future 25-member EU .
In many countries , democratic activists sit in jail because of their commitment to human rights - and little is done to help them .
In practical terms , the West must increase its direct support for local NGOs and campaigners -LRB- although in countries like Egypt it will first need to get the Government to change the law so that they can receive foreign funding -RRB- .
A new Trans-Atlantic Forum for Democracy Promotion could be created to co-ordinate all activities in the region , including bilateral programs pursued by European countries .
Countries that make progress on democracy and good governance should be rewarded ; privileges should be withdrawn from those that do not .
In the Middle East , such a regime would mean giving Arab countries incentives to sign up .
During the last three decades , the amazing success of China 's trade liberalization has done much more to convince other developing countries of the gains from trade than all the OECD countries ' exhortations .
Last but not least , the core emerging economies have abstained from increasing tariffs , and their stimulus packages grant much more limited subsidies to the banking and automobile sectors than do comparable packages in OECD countries .
The leadership credentials of other G20 countries , such as Argentina , Indonesia , South Africa , Russia , Saudi Arabia , South Africa , and Turkey , have been less convincing .
These countries have been more hesitant in trade matters , more ambiguous in the instruments they have chosen for managing the crisis , and remain reluctant to deal with environmental issues .
In particular , the huge income discrepancies between them and the rich countries endanger their own long-term growth and political stability , and could yet impair their future involvement in the G20 process .
This means that the OECD countries will have to lead by example .
As regulation is a form of competition between governments , focusing on improved regulation increasingly looks like the best channel of influence available to OECD countries .
Second , OECD countries should keep their markets open , and open those that are closed -- in agriculture -LRB- crucial to the sustained growth of emerging economies like Argentina , Brazil , and Indonesia -RRB- or in services -LRB- crucial for countries like India or Korea -RRB- .
All of this implies much stronger support from OECD countries , especially the US , for a successful conclusion of the Doha WTO trade round .
Giving strong support to South Korea 's initiatives offers a splendid opportunity for the OECD countries to show that , though they remain proud of the disappearing post-WWII world , they do not fear the new world that is emerging .
With the exception of what appears to be a covert effort to force EU countries to raise corporate taxes to French and German levels , there is ostensibly nothing unreasonable in the Competitiveness Pact .
Raising the retirement age to 67 , abolishing wage indexation , and compelling countries to enshrine a debt brake in their national constitutions are reasonable measures to enhance competitiveness and restore confidence in the euro .
Similar exceptions will probably be made for other countries that can not reconcile aspects of the new pact with their national circumstances .
The lack of consensus on basic features of an economic framework -- be it a retirement age commensurate with Europe 's demographic outlook or a legislative commitment to budgetary discipline -- makes one wonder how eurozone countries could enter a monetary union in the first place .
Excessive surpluses in some countries and excessive debt in others , fueled by undervalued currencies and runaway government spending , respectively , must be curbed .
Countries must commit not to withhold exports of key natural resources for political reasons , and to doing all they can to maintain and promote open markets based on principles of reciprocity and long-term sustainability .
As the two most significant global trading powers , the United States and China , especially , must fight tendencies in their own countries to raise hidden barriers or take inappropriate retaliatory action designed to placate domestic public opinion .
Third , in the context of an increasingly interdependent global economy , all countries ' monetary and fiscal policies must be better coordinated .
The G-20 must do far more to harmonize economic and trade policies across countries and continents to catalyze global growth .
Likewise , we must move far more quickly towards market-driven currency valuations around the world -- and towards addressing the massive indebtedness of many developed countries .
Russia 's message to other West-leaning countries in the former Soviet world was clear : America can not protect you .
As much as we all value the rise of new powers like China and India , it remains to be seen whether these countries will become as benevolent a power as America , however flawed , has been over the past half-century .
The world is not ready for the post-American era , and countries like China and India must play a far greater role in strengthening the existing institutions of world peace and , where appropriate , building new ones that can promote a positive agenda of security , dignity , rights , and prosperity across the globe .
America not only took the lead role in building the institutions of a globalizing world -- the United Nations , World Bank , IMF , NATO -- it also became the model that many other countries looked to for inspiration .
Do countries around the world believe that they will be better off if the global trade system breaks down or international shipping lanes become less secure ?
Are countries like China willing to step up and pay their fair share of dues to keep the UN running -LRB- China currently pays 2.1 % of UN dues , compared to more than 25 % for the US -RRB- , or to capitalize revised international financial institutions or the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis , and Malaria in a meaningful way ?
Unless other countries become more willing to step forward for the common good , a post-American world could quickly become a far more frightening environment than what it would replace .
Until this happens , let us all hope that America can get back on track as the global champion of collaborative action to address the world 's greatest challenges and work with as many other countries as possible to move collectively in the right direction .
If Asian countries other than Japan commit to binding caps on greenhouse gas emissions , a global deal on climate change will be possible at this December 's Copenhagen Summit , even if developing Asia 's caps are implemented more gradually than those for the developed world .
It resuscitated its World War II enemies and fostered economic development in countries around the world , and established a security umbrella that helped Europe and Asia focus more on diplomacy and economic growth than on military competition .
But weakened by the financial crisis , deeply indebted to foreign countries , bogged down in Iraq , facing major challenges in Afghanistan and Pakistan , and feeling psychologically humbled , the US may no longer be in the same unrivalled position to lead the international community , even under the inspiring leadership of Barack Obama .
Unlike Europe , which largely put its historical ghosts to bed after 1945 , Asian countries remain mired in nineteenth-century-style nationalisms that weakens collaboration and makes the region more dangerous than it needs to be .
Until this structure emerges , let us hope that America can lead wisely and that other countries , particularly Asia 's new powers , will assume more meaningful responsibilities in managing global crises .
Given increasing public wariness about Afghanistan in the US and elsewhere , and the countries ' overwhelming reliance on international largesse , it would be tempting to follow the usual route by developing internationally-generated goals and then engaging with Afghan leaders to explore how best to achieve them .
The economic foundation of the Chinese government 's legitimacy also places an enormous burden on China 's leaders to make decisions that foster domestic economic growth at the expense of virtually everything else -- including , some say , the viability of the international currency regime , nuclear non-proliferation , and basic rights in resource-rich countries .
China 's active courtship of countries that violate human rights on a massive scale , such as Sudan , North Korea , and Burma , similarly represents a preliminary decapitation of the international human rights regime .
Those countries that value the current system will increasingly feel the urge to close ranks to defend it .
Yes , African has some failed states , but most of its 53 countries are mostly peaceful , agreeable places .
Last year , the annual Ibrahim Index of African governance , produced by my foundation , showed that governance had improved in two-thirds of African countries .
Many small , landlocked African countries will never become serious players in the global economy without increased cooperation within their own regions .
Today 's haphazard , overlapping regional integration is proving largely ineffective , and this severely hampers African countries ' ability to compete in international markets .
One of the consequences of this lack of cooperation for Africa 's 967 million people is the bureaucratic replication and currency-exchange issues that being divided into 53 countries entails .
Economic integration must be backed up by increased intra-regional trade ; less than 4 % of Africa 's trade is between African countries , compared to over 70 % in Europe and over 50 % in Asia .
These industries have learned that by focusing the debate on uncertainties in the science -LRB- and the need for more research -RRB- , it is possible to avoid a debate on public policy .
What united prisoners of conscience in the 1960 's , 1970 's , and 1980 's was the faith that one day their countries would find their place in a united Europe .
The example of Poland and that of the other countries of Central Europe shows that the clear prospect of EU membership may be one of the engines of effective reforms and may significantly enhance the ability of local leaders to persuade their people to accept the need for reforms that are sometimes painful .
Integrating the ten new member countries that joined the EU on May 1 will demand tremendous effort on the part of the Union , as well as a fair division of the burdens .
We all felt that we were creating something new , something that might , one day , turn out to be an important component of democracy in our countries .
But in both countries , 1968 gave birth to a new political consciousness .
While the direct fiscal costs of supporting the financial sector were 2.5-3 % of GDP in developed countries -LRB- with peaks around 4.5 % -RRB- , the total fiscal impact of the crisis is much larger , amounting to the total expected increase in public debt -- an estimated 40 % of GDP .
But , at the same time , many of the world 's truly poor countries have fallen further behind -LRB- particularly in Africa , where developments are often described as catastrophic -RRB- , and inequality within most countries has risen .
The gaps are most obvious where people from different countries work together , as in many multinational companies .
But the same or a similar approach could be taken in many countries today , from Angola to Zimbabwe .
No limits were ever imposed on players ' movements , except by Communist countries .
The Bosman ruling , named after a Belgian player who successfully challenged the rule 's application to players from other European Union countries , eroded the limit , which collapsed altogether under the onslaught of the richest European clubs ' demand for a free hand in hiring the best players , wherever they might be found .
If doctors , computer specialists , or engineers -LRB- let alone the proverbial Polish plumbers ! -RRB- were allowed to move freely , the concentration of talent in the richest countries would most likely increase .
Inequality in the distribution of talent across countries would rise , even if total world output of goods and services , and their average quality , improved , as with football today .
Poorer or smaller countries can hardly dream of winning a European championship , as Steaua -LRB- Romania -RRB- , Red Star -LRB- Serbia -RRB- , or Nottingham Forest -LRB- now languishing in the English third division -RRB- once did .
In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries -LRB- in the football sense -RRB- to capture some of the benefits of today 's higher-quality game , thereby partly reversing the `` leg drain . ''
Free movement of skilled labor could be accompanied by binding international requirements that migrants from poor countries spend , say , one year in five working in their countries of origin .
After all , if over-populated countries with high unemployment can not export people , why not reach for higher tariff barriers to protect the jobs they have ?
Efforts to restrict people 's movement between countries expose the soft underbelly of globalization : the deepening gap between countries ' mean incomes .
Rather than poor countries growing faster than the rich -LRB- as we would expect from Economics 101 -RRB- , mainly the reverse is true .
Between 1980 and 2002 , average annual per capita income growth in the rich world -LRB- defined as the `` old '' OECD members -RRB- was almost 2 % , compared to just 0.1 % in the 42 least developed countries .
People nowadays know much more about conditions in different countries than they did in the past , and if moving across a border means that their income can be multiplied several-fold , they will try to do it .
So income gaps between all these contiguous countries have increased significantly during the last quarter-century .
If globalization , which has so enriched the world 's wealthiest countries , is to continue , governments must find ways to increase incomes more evenly .
Global income redistribution by the rich countries should be viewed as a matter not of charity , but of enlightened self-interest .
Noting that developing countries invest much less on scientific research and produce fewer scientists , Annan warned that the resulting imbalance in the geographic distribution of scientific activity creates problems for both the scientific community in developing countries and for development itself .
In particular , the UN 's involvement in the excessive , unscientific regulation of biotechnology , or genetic modification -LRB- GM -RRB- , will slow agricultural research and development , promote environmental damage , and help to bring famine and water shortages to millions in developing countries .
Examples include a five-year-long moratorium on approvals of GM plants throughout Europe , and the rejection of badly needed food aid by several African countries -- only because it contains the same GM varieties of grain consumed routinely in North America .
This regulatory regime will deny to less-developed countries precisely the kind of technology that they need .
Indeed , Jean Halloran of the anti-biotech group Consumers International characterized Codex standards as a legal defense against WTO challenges to countries that arbitrarily interfere with trade in biotech foods .
But when there is no Codex standard , countries can challenge each other on anything . ''
Even in the absence of natural disasters , diarrhea is the number-two infectious killer of children under the age of five in developing countries -LRB- surpassed only by respiratory diseases -RRB- , accounting for roughly two million deaths a year .
But , thanks to bureaucratic obstructionism , it will come too late for the many who will be stricken with diarrheal diseases in Haiti and other poor countries in the coming weeks and months .
STANFORD -- Cancer is sometimes thought of as a disease of wealthier countries , but it is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in poorer ones as well .
Indeed , by the end of this decade , about 150 million people worldwide will have cancer , with approximately 60 % of them residing in developing countries .
Although fewer people in developing countries live to the age at which cancer is most prevalent , inadequate nutrition and environmental exposures to viruses and toxins , combined with a paucity of diagnostic and treatment options , increase cancer 's incidence and lethality .
Many people in poor countries die from cancers that are preventable or treatable in wealthier societies , but they often succumb to other scourges as well , such as infectious diseases .
Margaret Chan , the head of the World Health Organization , and Yukiya Amano , director of the International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- , noted in a recent article that most developing countries ' health-care systems are designed to cope with infectious diseases rather than cancer .
The diagnosis and treatment of most types of cancer in developing countries would require a huge and daunting investment in infrastructure .
Thirty countries -- half of them in Africa -- do not have a single radiotherapy machine .
And these countries certainly do not have the financial resources , facilities , equipment , technology , infrastructure , staff , or training to cope with the long-term demands of cancer care . ''
In order to begin addressing these deficiencies , `` The IAEA 's work involves building countries ' capacity for radiation medicine .
In virtually all poor , malaria-endemic countries , there is inadequate access to antimalarial medicines -LRB- especially artemisinin-based combination therapy -RRB- .
Although new HIV infections worldwide declined slightly during the past decade , 2.7 million people contracted the virus in 2008 , and there were two million HIV\/AIDS-related deaths . By the end of that year , more than four million people in low - and middle-income countries were receiving anti-retroviral therapy , but more than five million who were HIV-positive remained untreated .
In some technology-poor but oil-rich Middle East countries , state-of-the-art radiotherapy -LRB- and cardio-pulmonary bypass -RRB- equipment has been delivered , but never used , or has been damaged by electrical surges or power outages .
And many poor countries do not have a single medical school , and when their citizens study abroad , they often stay there , or are ill-equipped for a low-tech milieu that is so different from where they trained .
Although the use of big-ticket equipment , expensive chemotherapy drugs , and sophisticated and complex procedures such as bone marrow transplantation would not be wise , this is not to say that we should give up entirely on cancer treatment in developing countries .
A recent New York Times editorial , for example , decried wealthy countries ' `` me first '' attitude toward a possible H5N1 pandemic , because '' -LRB- t -RRB- he best hope of stopping a pandemic , or at least buying time to respond , is to improve surveillance and health practices in East Africa and Asia , where one would probably begin . ''
But the massive undertaking required to `` improve health practices in the poorest countries of the world '' plays better on the editorial page than on the ground .
History suggests that if we were to make these drugs available to poor countries for ring prophylaxis , they would often be administered improperly -- such as in sub-optimal doses -- in a way that would promote viral resistance and only intensify a pandemic .
A politically incorrect but rational strategy would be for rich countries to devote resources to developing countries primarily for surveillance .
But the situation is very different in poor countries , where vitamin A deficiency is epidemic among the poor , whose diet is heavily dominated by rice -LRB- which contains neither beta-carotene nor vitamin A -RRB- or other carbohydrate-rich , vitamin-poor sources of calories .
In developing countries , 200-300 million children of preschool age are at risk of vitamin A deficiency , which can be devastating and even fatal .
It increases susceptibility to common childhood infections such as measles and diarrheal diseases , and is the single most important cause of childhood blindness in developing countries .
Malaria is a scourge , particularly for inhabitants of poor tropical countries .
Such costs are a huge economic burden on malaria-prone countries and impede their development .
It has been estimated that annual economic growth in countries with a high incidence of malaria is 1.3 percentage points lower than that of other countries .
But another recent study done in the UK showed that research conducted in several countries was uniformly favorable to acupuncture as a treatment for the damage caused by stroke .
Do countries stop developing because outsiders are so intent on developing them ?
Do we really `` develop '' leaders or countries ?
Is it not time for indigenous development , of countries and leaders alike ?
One thing is clear . Countries like Ghana do not lack enterprise .
But they figure prominently in just about every story of success , whether of countries or of leaders .
Perhaps this helps to explain why , in a survey of more than 60,000 people in 29 countries conducted in 2007 by the New York-based Reputation Institute to rank the `` world 's most respected companies , '' the first US company on the list appeared in 15th place ; the second was in 25th place .
The OECD is a multinational grouping of 30 countries established nearly a half-century ago , with Switzerland a member .
Accusations that Switzerland is a tax haven usually come from countries that have a low level of taxpayer honesty .
Critics should study the Swiss model with a view to improving things in their own countries .
What will it mean for the Union if it divides Europe into have and have not countries .
Just two of these countries - Russia and Ukraine - have a combined population that is triple that of all the new EU member states combined .
The nearly perennial flooding of the Tisa River in Hungary -LRB- a new EU member state -RRB- can not be controlled if the water management practices in upstream countries Ukraine -LRB- a new neighbor -RRB- and Romania -LRB- a next-wave accession country -RRB- are not addressed .
The EU can not reduce carbon emissions within its borders if it does not cooperate with Ukraine and Russia : carbon dioxide emissions per capita in these two countries rival that of many West European states , even though their per capita income is 15 to 30 times lower .
Visa regimes are now being introduced for many millions of people in Russia , Ukraine , Belarus , Romania , and the Balkans who used to visit relatives or pursue commercial interests in new EU countries on a visa-free basis .
The new neighbors are middle-income countries with reasonably good infrastructure and large , striving urban centers such as Moscow , Belgrade , and Kyiv .
Countries such as Moldova and Ukraine , whose natural export markets lie in EU countries , must be offered the same type of `` reform for market access '' bargains given to Poland and Hungary 15 years ago .
But these countries are unlikely to heed EU demands for open economies and societies if EU borders and EU policies block the free movement of goods , services and people .
Without exception , population growth in rich countries has slowed to a crawl .
By contrast , average fertility rates in the world 's poorest countries -- say , Somalia , Yemen , and Uganda -- are vastly higher , reaching more than seven births per woman .
Must countries produce fewer children if they want to accumulate more wealth ?
Rich countries ' transition from subsistence economies to sustained growth and prosperity was conditioned on a profound demographic shift -- occurring in the 19
One reason that the poor have high fertility rates and invest little in education is because raising children in poor countries is cheap .
Most important , the cost of educating a child relative to the cost of having additional low-educated children is very high in poor countries .
In other words , families in rich countries , who are relatively well educated , have a comparative advantage in `` child quality , '' whereas parents in poor countries have a comparative advantage in `` child quantity . ''
As a result , poverty in poor countries persists over long periods of time .
Economic shocks are destabilizing countries and regions , and inflicting great social and financial hardships on families and their communities .
Moreover , new health risks are emerging , with diabetes , obesity , and other non-communicable diseases now stalking low - and middle-income countries -- even as many of those countries are still locked in combat with tuberculosis , HIV\/AIDS , malaria , and other infectious diseases . Hundreds of millions of young people around the world are searching for jobs in a very uncertain labor market .
But low-income countries are still far from meeting the goal of ensuring that all children complete primary school : only 63 % of children in those countries achieve that milestone .
Many countries struggle simply to build schools quickly enough to keep up with population growth .
While each of these countries had very different starting points , progress has been aided by the political will to measure outcomes and learn from results , define a sustainable path for change , and make smart , effective investments .
Its new databases will catalogue which policies countries have adopted to promote learning in each part of the education system , in areas ranging from teacher policies to student assessment to school financing mechanisms .
Our goal is to facilitate the spread of good policy and practice , allowing countries to learn from a variety of approaches and to understand which ones might work in their own context .
Recently , a high South Korean official listed in hierarchical order the countries that mattered most in the North Korean nuclear crisis . China came first , followed by the US , Russia , Japan , and South Korea , whereas Europe was absent .
Today , many in the United States and Israel dream of a moderate Arab front , with countries such as Saudi Arabia and Egypt containing and isolating `` radical '' Iran .
Can the right amount of confidence be instilled in countries or groups that badly need it ?
Unlike Chirac , he understands that it is counterproductive and unrealistic to ask countries like Bulgaria or Romania to choose between their European or Atlantic loyalties .
For countries like China or India , the scaling down of growth from 8 % to 5 % is nearly the equivalent of a recession in the West .
If so , it must consider having a special relationship with countries like India and Japan , to name a few .
On July 13 , the leaders of more than 40 countries attended the first gathering of the `` Union for the Mediterranean '' in Paris .
In the same vein , there is a mismatch in Sarkozy 's approach to Europe between the message and the messenger , between careful diplomacy needed to create a new consensus within the European Commission and with countries like Ireland , and president 's rather authoritarian style .
China 's soft power versus Russia 's hard power : the two countries ' choices reflect their very different levels of self-confidence .
On the other hand , can it afford to grant Russia the de facto right to control , directly or indirectly , countries like Georgia today and Ukraine tomorrow ?
What is needed , instead , is a `` stability league '' that includes prominent actors like China , India , and other countries that are more interested in economic growth than in `` rocking the boat '' of the international system .
For the former colonial countries , who have no equivalent to Obama , to support him fully is a sort of exorcism , if not redemption .
Nowhere has this phenomenon been stronger than in Turkey , where those military escapades have strained the two countries ' strategic alliance almost to the breaking point .
Yet , history is unfair , and the US , despite its greater responsibility for today 's global crisis , may emerge in better shape than most countries from the morass .
What , for example , will happen to a country as central and vulnerable as Egypt when hundred of thousands of Egyptians working in the Gulf are forced to return to their homeland as a result of the crisis in the oil-producing countries ?
And what about the foreign workers who have reached for the `` European dream '' and are now faced with potential explosions of xenophobia in Europe 's supposedly open countries ?
Nowadays , there is both too much and too little Europe , or , to put it differently , too many European countries are represented in the world 's premier forums , with too many voices .
But let 's be reasonable : the absurdity of Italy 's presence in the G-8 , together with the lack of official membership for countries such as China , India , and Brazil , is no longer acceptable or tenable .
A strong European voice , such as Nicolas Sarkozy 's during the French presidency of the EU , may make a difference , but only for six months , and at the cost of reinforcing other European countries ' nationalist feelings in reaction to the expression of `` Gallic pride . ''
With the return of France to NATO 's integrated military structure , the two countries are on the same `` Atlantic '' wavelength for the first time since 1966 .
And both countries would probably subscribe to the following formulation : `` Turkey 's future is with Europe , but not necessarily in the European Union , at least in the foreseeable future . ''
The Democracy Paradox PARIS -- Elections stolen in Iran , disputed in Afghanistan , and caricatured in Gabon : recent ballots in these and many other countries do not so much mark the global advance of democracy as demonstrate the absence of the rule of law .
So what lessons should we draw from the inevitably messy nature of electoral processes in countries where there is either no middle class or only a rudimentary one , and where a democratic culture is at best in its infancy ?
In the medium term , the absence of the rule of law constitutes the most serious problem for the countries in question .
The distance that separates the West from countries that rely on sham elections is not only geographic , religious , or cultural ; it is chronological .
France has a common history and geography with the countries on the southern Mediterranean shore .
In both countries , civil society reacted to the events in a remarkable manner , with a sense of unity , dignity , and reaffirmed national cohesiveness .
But , while citizens in both countries have emerged more confident in themselves and in their core values , the security authorities ' performance clearly fell short .
The country gave me the impression of being so civilized that I was utterly convinced that , in a post-Western world , the West would have a lot to learn from the Scandinavian countries .
Open societies , especially if they want to compete with non-democratic countries , must be more muscular : openness requires strength .
What Went Wrong with America The latest edition of the Pew Global Attitudes Survey shows that favorable opinions of the United States have fallen again in 12 out of 15 countries polled , a sad reflection of a country 's loss of image .
Russia and China today are united not only by their energy deals , but also by both countries ' conviction that their time has come , and that the outside world needs them more than they need the outside world , particularly the US .
It looks as if the national teams of the two `` sick men of Europe , '' felt obliged to change their countries ' images in the world .
Candidate countries deployed immense efforts to comply with those conditions .
We have a historic chance of closing enlargement negotiations with up to ten countries in Copenhagen in 2002 .
We will also continue the efforts to bring Turkey closer to the EU . The door remains open to the countries of the Balkans too .
They do not contribute significantly to the global economy , and their countries ' health systems function on a tiny fraction of what advanced economies devote to their populations ' health .
Conversely , the developed countries ' view of the diseases of the developing world is that only three are important : AIDS , tuberculosis , and malaria . This stems from the power of advocacy constituencies and the recognition that these diseases might threaten the developed world .
These are not familiar diseases to people lucky enough to live in the world 's richest countries , but they are household names to hundreds of millions of poor people , who are often infected with more than one of them .
The increase in treatment has been spectacular -- more than 500 million people in 51 countries treated for elephantiasis in 2007 , and 60 million in 19 countries have been treated for river blindness .
Guinea disease is now endemic in only four countries , and leprosy is a problem in only six .
But Raúl Castro wants to avoid dependence on one or two countries alone .
His objective is to diversify Cuba 's foreign relations and prevent problems that any change in these countries could cause his regime -- a constant imperative since the collapse of the Soviet Union .
Although Venezuela provides between $ 1.5 and $ 2 billion annually to Cuba , Castro regards Chávez as something of a headache , owing to his rhetoric and his confrontational attitude with several countries .
It is about fresh ideas that give rise to novel products , services , and processes , new management methods , and original designs and inventions that generate greater profits for firms , regions and countries .
At the same time , philosophy professors and students might also profit from the questions that challenge firms and industries .
They might broaden their scope and find that they , too , can contribute to the productivity of firms , industries , and the economy in general .
Trade links between the two countries are old and deep-rooted , and they were supposed to benefit after Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's visit to Turkey in 2008 , when it was decided that bilateral trade should double , to $ 20 billion , by 2011 , and reach $ 30 billion in 2012 .
For example , Iran has not yet ratified international economic agreements such as the Economic Cooperation Organization Trade Agreement -LRB- ECOTA -RRB- , which would strengthen its economic ties with its neighbors , all of which are Muslim countries .
First , it will be removed from America 's informal blacklist of `` Axis of Evil '' countries , which will substantially improve its chances to enter the World Trade Organization .
Supposedly `` friendly '' countries like Iran have been giving a helping hand , but almost always in the form of oil -- and not even refined oil -- rather than cash .
For the first time , the OECD became directly involved with non-member countries in the Middle East , and in 2009 Syria was included in its development cooperation master plan .
Last year , however , as Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan pushed forward on strengthening Turkey 's Middle Eastern ties , visa requirements between the two countries were eased , with cross-border car traffic increasing 22 % in five months .
While Turkey 's objective is a free-trade zone and economic integration between the four countries , Lebanon has been much more cautious .
The four countries will hold their next meeting in Damascus this coming December to decide on further steps .
To move forward without Ireland by establishing a new Union with only 26 countries is legally impossible .
It should also be emphasized that much less is known about trans fat consumption in developing countries .
The current evidence suggests that , compared with Western nations , the intake of trans fats from partially hydrogenated oils may be much higher in developing countries , typically because partially hydrogenated oils represent the cheapest -LRB- and often subsidized -RRB- choice of fat for cooking .
Given that coronary heart disease is the leading cause of death in nearly all countries , including developing nations , intensive efforts must be undertaken to greatly reduce or eliminate use of partially hydrogenated oils in both the developed and the developing world .
Elimination of industrial trans fats from foods , either by voluntary or legislative measures , would likely prevent tens of thousands of heart attacks each year in the U.S. and other countries .
The high-growth countries -LRB- China and India -RRB- are large and getting larger relative to the rest .
That alone will tend to elevate global growth compared to the world where industrial countries , and the US in particular , were in the growth driving seat .
The recent increase in protectionist measures is an understandable political price for a range of stimulus packages in advanced and developing countries .
But there is a risk that the interests of the remaining one-third of the world 's people -LRB- and the majority of the small countries -RRB- will not be adequately represented as the international architecture for managing the global economy evolves .
In the current crisis , a substantial fraction of countries outside the G-20 are essentially defenseless : small relatively poor economies , no fiscal capacity for stimulus , and inadequate reserves to offset the capital outflows that occurred to shore up damaged balance sheets in advanced markets .
Within the G-20 countries , there are mechanisms that attend to the interests of the most vulnerable citizens .
In the global economy , the most vulnerable are whole countries .
At the moment , the majority view in most countries is that the financial system failed badly , but that the incentives and dynamics of the broader market-based system in a relatively open global architecture remain the best avenues for wealth creation , poverty reduction , and the expansion of opportunity .
The advanced countries are collectively responsible for much of the current stock of carbon in the atmosphere , as well as for a significant -LRB- though declining -RRB- share of the world 's annual emissions .
As a consequence , the developing world 's representatives argue , the advanced countries should take responsibility for the problem .
If developing countries are allowed to grow , and there is no corresponding mitigation of the growth in their carbon emissions , average per capita CO2 emissions around the world will nearly double in the next 50 years , to roughly four times the safe level , regardless of what advanced countries do .
Advanced countries by themselves simply can not ensure that safe global CO2 levels are reached .
Just waiting for the high-growth developing countries to catch up with the advanced countries is even less of a solution .
In other words , if the advanced countries absorb mitigation costs in the short run , while mitigation efforts lower emissions growth in developing countries , the conflict between developing countries ' growth and success in limiting global emissions may be reconciled -- or at least substantially reduced .
These considerations suggest that no emission-reduction targets should be imposed on developing countries until they approach per capita GDP levels comparable to those in advanced countries .
While such targets should be self-imposed by advanced countries , they should be allowed to fulfill their obligations , at least in part , by paying to reduce emissions in developing countries -LRB- where such efforts may yield greater benefits -RRB- .
A crucial corollary of this strategy is large-scale technology transfer to developing countries , allowing them both to grow and to curtail their emissions .
The closer these countries get to being included in the system of restrictions , the greater incentive they will have to make their own additional investments to mitigate their emissions .
The Kyoto Protocol established a set of `` common but differentiated responsibilities '' that imply asymmetric roles for advanced and developing countries , with the obligations of developing countries evolving as they grow .
The advanced countries will be asked to reduce their CO2 emissions at a substantial rate , while emissions in developing countries can rise to allow for rapid , catch-up economic growth .
The goal is not to prevent developing countries ' growth-related emissions , but to slow their rise and eventually reverse them as these countries become richer .
The best way to implement this strategy is to use a `` carbon credit trading system '' in the advanced countries , with each advanced country receiving a certain amount of carbon credits to determine its permissible emission levels .
If a country exceeds its level of emissions , it must buy additional credits from other countries that achieve emissions lower than their permitted levels .
Such a system would trigger entrepreneurial searches for low-cost mitigation opportunities in developing countries , because rich countries would want to pay less by lowering emissions abroad .
As a result , mitigation would become more efficient , and the same expenditures by advanced countries would produce higher global emission reductions .
As for developing countries , while they would not have explicit credits or targets until they graduate to advanced-country status , they would know that at some point -LRB- say , when their carbon emissions reach the average level of advanced countries -RRB- they would be included in the global system of restrictions .
Conflict between advanced and developing countries over responsibility for mitigating carbon emissions should not be allowed to undermine prospects for a global agreement .
The high-growth developing countries -- Brazil , Russia , India , China , and others in the G-20 -- now include more than half the world 's population .
Without mitigation , and assuming that the high-growth developing countries reach current advanced-country levels of annual per capita CO2 emissions -LRB- 10 to 11 tons , though much higher in North America -RRB- , the current global average of 4.8 tons will almost double in 50 years , to 8.7 tons .
Advanced countries have been the biggest sources of carbon emissions until relatively recently .
As a result , while many advanced and developing countries are pursuing far-reaching measures to increase energy efficiency and adopt clean-energy technologies , their existing technologies , incentives , regulations , and commitments imply a sharp rise in total carbon emissions in the coming decades .
On the contrary , as the possible outcomes become clearer , we will almost certainly face the need for serious and costly reductions in energy use , at least among the advanced countries , as well as costly technological advances designed to make energy use more efficient in both the advanced and developing world .
To be sure , fiscal deficits and emergency measures in advanced economies and some major developing countries have cushioned the sharp decline , substituting in part for missing consumers .
In advanced countries , governments will eventually be forced to reduce spending , and central banks will withdraw from emergency credit provisions and guarantees .
Despite a recovery in asset prices in many countries and the deceleration of negative growth , unemployment is high and rising .
Little wonder , then , that many knowledgeable analysts reasonably expect post-crisis growth in advanced countries to be lower , perhaps by 0.5 to 1 % .
If the slowdown in advanced countries persists , pre-crisis growth levels will not be achievable in the developing world either , owing to insufficient demand to absorb the implied increase in output .
Of course , individual developing countries may be spared .
If the advanced-country scenario is right , many developing countries will lose out and experience sharply diminished growth .
The problem is all the more pressing because countries can achieve gains in market share not only through higher private-sector competitiveness , but also by means of protectionist measures .
And , as we have seen in many countries ' efforts to ameliorate the crisis , the non-cooperative protectionist response is much more likely to be adopted -- despite wide recognition that it is highly destructive -- when aggregate demand is in short supply .
First , countries with current-account surpluses such as Germany , Japan and China must recognize that their own growth -LRB- and that of others -RRB- depends on reducing the global savings-investment imbalance , which will result in narrowing external deficits elsewhere .
After all , advanced countries account for about two-thirds of global GDP , so slow growth in these countries will inevitably impede global growth and truncate the growth potential of much of the developing world .
The first is re-regulation of advanced countries financial systems with a view to ensuring greater stability without impairing essential functions or unnecessarily elevating the cost of capital .
The second is a set of understandings and commitments among the major advanced and developing countries to rebalance the global economy in order to restore aggregate demand and growth .
A revolution in any of these countries might easily bring Islamists to power , but this would have little to do with Tunisia 's secular uprising .
NEW YORK -- Mediterranean countries are experiencing turbulence unseen since the era of decolonization and independence .
The Mediterranean countries are home to 475 million people -- 272 million Europeans , including 20 million Muslims , and 200 million non-European Arabs and Jews .
First , the large and effective use of social media in both countries revealed remarkable technological savvy and creativity among the young .
Protests have already toppled governments in Tunisia and Egypt , leaving other Arab countries faced with widespread discontent .
Indeed , in countries like Egypt and Tunisia , government and parliament alike were unpopular .
President Barack Obama rejected many of the policies of the George W. Bush administration that were seen as trying to force democracy on Arab countries .
The US and the West can discuss with Arab countries how political reform should be carried out in a way that would contribute to greater openness and opportunities for power-sharing .
These countries ' people need to start gradual , sustained , and serious political reform now .
But Mussolini soon outlawed the Popolari ; in any event , the Vatican had had a strained relationship with the party and appeared more comfortable supporting pro-Catholic authoritarian regimes in countries like Austria and Portugal .
He also influenced the Christian Democratic parties that governed after 1945 in Germany , Italy , the Benelux countries , and , to a lesser extent , France , and which consolidated not only democracy , but also built strong welfare states in line with Catholic social doctrine .
Yet , in some respects , this clichéd opposition has actually been reversed recently : religion played virtually no role during the last American presidential elections , while in a range of different European countries major controversies about religion have flared up , suggesting that questions of faith are back at the center of European politics .
But the point is not that individuals in different European countries are becoming more religious -- there is hardly any evidence for that .
An increasing number of countries -- especially , but not only , in Europe -- seem to think so .
Recently , the revelation that the `` Life in the UK '' test tries to instill respect for the practice of queuing -- standing in line , that is -- caused as much ridicule as indignation .
But do countries somehow automatically turn illiberal just because they make certain measures mandatory ?
Some speak of them as the greatest global mobilization since 1968 -- when enragés in very different countries coalesced around similar concerns . But others insist that there is nothing new here .
The Euro 's Greek Tragedy AMSTERDAM -- When the euro was introduced in 1999 , European countries agreed that fiscal discipline was essential for its stability .
While the common currency has benefited all countries that have adopted it -- not least as an anchor in the current economic crisis -- the failure of euro-zone members to abide by their agreement risk could yet turn the euro into a disaster .
Those countries are already working to reduce their crisis-inflated deficits as soon as possible .
Public debt in both countries was well above 100 % of GDP , compared to the SGP 's threshold of 60 % of GDP .
Both the Greek and Italian public debt remain almost unchanged , despite the fact that both countries have benefited the most from the euro , as their long-term interest rates declined to German levels following its adoption .
Current European rules prohibit other European countries or the EU itself from helping Greece .
Already , many -LRB- former -RRB- politicians and economists -LRB- no prizes for guessing whence they mostly hail -RRB- are proposing that the EU issue its own sovereign debt , which would alleviate the problems of countries such as Greece and Italy .
They would punish fiscally prudent governments , as interest rates would inevitably increase in countries like the Netherlands or Germany .
Moreover , even if the plan for EU sovereign debt never takes off , fiscally prudent euro-zone countries will face higher borrowing costs .
As financial integration in Europe deepens , the lack of fiscal discipline in one or more euro-zone countries will push up interest rates throughout the currency area .
A member of the euro zone can not be expelled under current rules , allowing countries like Greece to lie , manipulate , blackmail , and collect more and more EU funds .
The fastest growing sectors of the economy since the late nineteenth century have been those loosely classified as `` service industries , '' often involving the dissemination of information and entertainment -- activities in which Jews have been especially prominent , from publishing to vaudeville and from movies to commercial sports .
Jews were spread across many countries , but to some extent shared a common language and a sense of common fate .
The Arab World 's Silent Feminist Revolution MADRID -- Arab societies often appear rigid and resistant to change to outsiders , because what they see is these countries ' ruling regimes , which mostly do resist development and change .
During the last half-century , intense urbanization and feminization of the workforce in all Arab countries has propelled women into the public arena on a massive scale .
Indeed , in many Arab countries , more girls than boys are now in secondary and higher education , which shows that parents consider their daughters ' education to be just as important as that of their sons .
The changes , however , are notably weaker and more complex in countries like Palestine and Iraq , owing to the grave conflicts they have been undergoing .
Eliminating it will not only help farmers and the West as it tries to curtail heroin use , but also Afghanistan 's infant government as it struggles to assert its national authority against the warlords .
Finally , donor countries must apply the lessons learned in restoring the war-ravaged states of the former Yugoslavia .
Grants and planning must be coordinated , and the consent of Afghanistan 's neighboring countries assured .
Overall trade flows in southern Africa fell from $ 131.1 billion in 2002 to $ 112.3 billion in 2003 , with South Africa -- one of only three countries in the region that recorded current-account surpluses -- accounting for 65 % of the total .
Moreover , in the past , southern African countries put their faith in protectionism and import substitution policies .
Nowadays southern African countries are committed to reinforcing their regional integration through economic harmonization .
Several currencies have attained some measure of regional convertibility , which should encourage monetary harmonization and promote intraregional trade , as countries ' trade flows shift from partners that require payment in foreign currency .
The Reserve Bank of South Africa implements monetary policy after consultation with the other countries ' central banks .
In order to attract the FDI needed to achieve this , southern African countries have enacted laws aimed at encouraging greater private sector participation , with special emphasis on foreign investment .
The US and West European countries began shepherding Kosovo 's new Albanian authorities toward statehood .
Last year , Kosovo gained independence . Sixty countries , including the US and most EU states , have recognized it .
Kosovo will not convince many more countries to recognize its independence unless it investigates these disappearances and demonstrates a commitment to the rule of law .
Overall , Kuwait has always had a lively political life , with freedom of expression and less political repression than is common in neighboring countries . Political violence has been rare .
He suppressed the Kurds , reassuring both Turkey and Syria , countries with sizeable -- and restive -- minority populations of their own .
Given these hurdles , the obvious way to improve European defense capabilities is by coordinating the efforts of individual countries , the European Union , and NATO to create a set of enhanced collective defense capacities .
Pooling of infrastructure -LRB- bases and ports -RRB- and logistical assets -LRB- transport -RRB- , including training facilities for common equipment , will generate big savings , as individual countries rationalize the long `` logistical tails '' of manpower and equipment that support armies in the field .
Then , there is the risk that other countries , particularly in the Middle East , will follow the example of North Korea and Iran .
So we knew that there would be problems with the election , that voting would not be clean in the way Western countries take for granted .
One useful consequence is that wealthy countries ' low levels of assistance to those less fortunate has gained wider attention .
Moreover , like official US assistance , a relatively small share of American private philanthropy ordinarily goes to the poorest countries .
In contrast , the countries that are most generous -- Norway , Sweden , Denmark , the Netherlands , and tiny Luxemburg -- give proportionately far more than American governmental and private assistance combined , and the lion 's share of their aid goes to the world 's most impoverished countries .
Politicization is important because the two countries that were hardest hit , Indonesia and Sri Lanka , both suffer armed conflicts in tsunami-hit regions .
Things began to change in the 1980 's with the fall of military dictatorships in Latin America and in such East Asian countries as the Philippines and South Korea , and with the growing number of people engaged in the struggle for human rights in the Soviet empire .
The European Union has been a positive force in promoting rights in those countries aspiring to membership , but it has not demonstrated a capacity to exercise influence worldwide .
Those denouncing the attempt to put Bashir on trial include the large blocs of countries that are members of the Organization of the Islamic Conference and the African Union , together with such powerful states as China and Russia .
Its copper , cobalt , tin , and coltan -LRB- columbite-tantalite -RRB- are essential for many industries .
They were spread in South Asian countries and elsewhere through British colonial rule .
If the US tries Iraqi officials before a US military commission , as leading American defense officials have suggested , it would reverse the progress made in the decade since the establishment of the tribunal for ex-Yugoslavia .
Indeed , one senses a certain satisfaction in some countries that have been the targets of human rights criticism by the US ; now they sense an opportunity to turn the tables .
The consequences were most profound in what were the countries of the Soviet empire , but they extended to other regions as well .
But America 's capacity to promote human rights in other countries has never been weaker than now .
Even before the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington , America 's image as a rights proponent had been tarnished , particularly in Europe , by its continued practice of capital punishment and , to a lesser degree , by its high incarceration rate -- approximately seven times the average in the European Union 's fifteen member countries .
But on the great issues of war , peace , and the balance of power , Europe seems trapped between an insufficiently cohesive foreign policy and uncertainty among individual countries about how to define and secure their national interests .
Unfortunately , one of Europe 's key strategic assets -- the European countries , in particular Ukraine , that straddle the great energy corridors that will deliver more and more of the fossil-fuel resources of the Middle East and Central Asia to the world -- is probably its most neglected .
The countries that lie between the European Union and Russia are not only a source of geopolitical competition between Europe and Russia , but now intersect with the national interests of the world 's rising powers , particularly China .
In its wake , China began a systematic effort to buttress the former Soviet countries ' independence by offering them huge aid packages .
Countries from Belarus to Kazakhstan have benefited from Chinese financial support .
But two countries essential to this trade -- Turkey and Ukraine -- are increasingly estranged from the EU .
Ukraine 's industries need to modernize , not become more addicted to cheap gas , and gas transit will become almost as monopolistic as gas supply -- a dismal prospect , given past cut-offs of gas supplies between Russia and Europe .
Nowadays , Europe is full of whispers that `` neo-Finlandization '' might be a reasonable compromise for countries like Ukraine and Georgia .
But it also implies , above all , a unifying vision , not only concerning the challenges that affect all countries -- weapons proliferation , terrorism , epidemics , and climate change , for example -- but also concerning one 's strategic assets .
Sweden , one of the most liberal countries in the world , but also one that has recently seen a surge in extremism , is a case in point .
Thus , the lack of `` muscular liberalism '' in one of the world 's most liberal countries has paved the way for both Islamists and right-wing populists .
Though China finally pacified the situation by threatening to withdraw investment , doing so meant reneging on the promise not to meddle in other countries ' domestic affairs .
Indeed , most countries are far more heterogeneous than Burundi but have never fallen into ethnic war .
Many countries , especially developing countries , are facing the consequences of huge changes in lifestyle : modifications in diet , lower levels of physical activity , and increased tobacco use .
Many countries are now afflicted by a double burden of diseases .
Countries that still struggle with malnutrition and illnesses like malaria , tuberculosis , and HIV\/AIDS , now must contend with an explosion of CVD 's , diabetes , and obesity , as well as soaring rates of high blood pressure and high blood cholesterol .
The World Health Organization , together with a group of international experts , has developed a global strategy on diet , physical activity , and health over a period of 18 months through an extensive series of consultations in more than 80 countries , and with the input of United Nations bodies , civic groups , and food producers .
Transport ministries should provide safe roads so that children can bike to school .
Many countries are already developing their own national strategies .
Kenya 's bumpy road to democracy is no different from that of many other countries in Africa whose political transitions were heralded with high expectations .
Developing countries recognize and are angered by the inequity of the current situation .
Yet developing countries are the most vulnerable to the consequences of climate change , which threaten the economic growth that is necessary to overcome poverty .
Most developed countries are targeting reductions in annual emissions of at least 80 % -- relative to levels in 1990 -- by 2050 .
If they are to convince developing countries that the 2050 goal is credible , they must be both ambitious and realistic about the domestic political challenges they face in adopting and implementing demanding targets for 2020 , 2030 , and 2040 .
Developing countries need substantial help and support from rich nations in order to implement their plans for low-carbon economic growth , and to adapt to the effects of climate change that are now inevitable over the next few decades .
Developed countries should also provide strong support for measures to halt deforestation in developing countries , and for reducing emissions substantially , quickly , and at reasonable cost .
Based on recent estimates of the developing world 's extra requests as a result of climate change , rich countries should be providing annual financial support -- in addition to existing foreign-aid commitments -- of about $ 100 billion for adaptation and $ 100 billion for mitigation by the early 2020 's .
Rich countries must also demonstrate that low-carbon growth is possible by investing in new technologies , which should be shared with developing countries to boost their mitigation efforts .
Pursuing arrangements that increase warning and decision-making time for all countries in the Euro-Atlantic region would introduce stability into the NATO-Russia relationship .
Our experience in developing countries tells us that investments in agriculture can be twice as effective in reducing poverty as similar investments in other sectors .
In Haiti , and in developing countries around the world , smallholder farmers can contribute to food security and economic growth just as they did in Vietnam .
In Davos , I will work to ensure that the interests of the world 's smallholder farmers -- in Haiti and in developing countries around the world -- are represented .
These are just the latest sources of concern in a turbulent period that began two years ago when food shortages hit many countries in Africa and Asia due to a worldwide spike in prices .
Agriculture is the main employer , job creator , and export in most developing countries .
Historically , agriculture has driven economic performance in many countries , generating growth that has been shown to be at least twice as effective in reducing poverty as growth in other sectors .
Indeed , the vast majority of today 's developed countries grew from strong agricultural foundations , where surplus production generated wealth and prosperity .
Although eight countries have met or surpassed that target , the continent as a whole has not .
In a number of small countries in Africa , agriculture plays an even greater role , representing 80 % or more of export earnings .
The potential in these numbers will remain untapped unless African countries put the right policies in place to help agriculture to develop and flourish .
More broadly , African countries need to put their political and economic houses in order .
Both developed and developing countries -- caught up in rapid economic expansion and technological development -- got distracted .
Accordingly , national rather than collective approaches to the US predominate , based largely on strategies of ingratiation -- each European state tries to present itself as more useful , or at least more sympathetic , than its European competitors .
When Enough is Not Enough NEW YORK -- The US dollar is plunging , the economy is imploding , and a crisis of identity is shaking countries around the world .
That will be welcome news to people living under dictatorial regimes installed and propped up by the US , and to the opposition leaders and journalists languishing in US-supported prisons in those countries for having engaged in just such protest .
The review will sort the detainees into three categories : those who will be tried in criminal courts in the US ; those who will be released and sent to other countries ; and those who `` ca n't be released and ca n't be tried and so have to be held indefinitely ... what is being called ` preventive detention . ' ''
I wrote that many women activists in Muslim countries tend to emphasize issues such as honor killings , legal inequality , and lack of access to education , and that they express frustration that the obsession among Westerners with Muslim women 's clothing can come at the expense of these concerns .
As a result of her brave investigations , which included interviews in prisons , many Muslim countries are revising their criminal codes , and the issue has taken center stage internationally .
Mr. Taylor and Mr. Mugabe both blame the West for their countries ' woes .
Like other countries , US should occasionally use unilateral tactics .
During the Reagan Administration , trade legislation that threatened unilateral sanctions if others did not negotiate helped create the conditions that prodded other countries to move forward with the creation of the World Trade Organization and its dispute settlements mechanism .
However , some transnational issues are inherently multilateral and can not be managed without the help of other countries .
Multilateralism is a mechanism to get other countries to share the burden of providing public goods .
Because they often involve citizens who are well placed in the domestic politics of several countries , they can focus the attention of media and governments onto their issues , creating new transnational political coalitions .
Even large countries with hard power , such as the United States , are affected .
Similarly , transnational corporations are often targets of NGO campaigns to `` name and shame '' companies that pay low wages in poor countries .
Indeed , many countries are parties to UN conventions that commit them to combating aspects of terrorist behavior , even though the UN has not agreed on a single formal definition .
Countries cooperate out of self-interest , but a country 's soft or attractive power , not only its military might , affects the degree of cooperation .
Despite all the rhetoric about `` old '' and `` new '' Europe , at the end of the Cold War opinion surveys showed that two-thirds of Czechs , Poles , Hungarians , and Bulgarians perceived the US as a good influence on their respective countries , but fewer than a quarter wanted to import American economic models .
Today , about two-thirds of the people polled in ten European countries say they admire America for its popular culture and progress in science and technology , but only a third think the spread of American customs in their country is a good idea .
America is not perfect , but as long as it abides by its core values , it can overcome its mistakes and regain its soft power in democratic countries .
America 's recovery from unpopular policies in the past , such as the Vietnam War , took place against the backdrop of the Cold War , in which allied countries feared the Soviet Union as a greater evil .
Half the world 's countries are democracies , yet none of the 22 Arab countries is among them .
Indeed , with a population of more than 300 million , Arab countries export less to the world , excluding oil and gas , than Finland .
Since the Middle East 's autocratic regimes destroyed their liberal oppositions , in many countries radical Islamists represent the only dissent , feeding on widespread resentment of corrupt regimes , opposition to American policies , and popular fears of modernization and globalization .
To achieve this will require policies that open up economies , reduce bureaucratic controls , speed economic growth , improve educational systems , and encourage the types of gradual political changes now seen in small countries like Bahrain , Oman , Jordan , Kuwait , and Morocco .
The Arab world , too , can develop intellectuals , social groups , and eventually countries with liberal economies and societies that are consistent with local cultures .
Equally important will be whether Western countries cooperate to create a long-term strategy of cultural and educational exchanges that can help develop a richer and more open civil society in Middle Eastern countries .
They urge strengthening the non-proliferation regime through more intrusive inspections , and negotiation of arrangements for internationally guaranteed access to nuclear enrichment and reprocessing services , rather than allowing countries to construct them for themselves .
Countries such as France and Germany that opposed action in Iraq were willing to use force in Kosovo despite the absence of Security Council authorization .
Even in supposedly friendly countries like Jordan and Pakistan , more people say they trust Osama Bin Laden than George Bush .
Most important in the current situation will be the development of a long-term strategy of cultural and educational exchanges aimed at developing a richer and more open civil society in Middle Eastern countries .
Foundations can support the development of institutions of American studies in Muslim countries , or programs that enhance journalistic professionalism . They can support the teaching of English and finance student exchanges .
The neo-conservatives in Bush 's first administration were in that tradition , but ignored the fact that both Wilson and Truman were also institution-builders who consulted other countries .
Yet , in this climate of fiscal stringency , he calls for increased contributions to international organizations , the Millennium Challenge Account to provide assistance to countries with a commitment to making progress in poverty reduction , and the Global HIV\/AIDS Initiative .
Countries tend to pick the low-hanging fruit as they benefit from imported technologies in the early stages of economic take-off , and growth rates generally slow as economies reach higher levels of development .
Whatever the accuracy of such assessments of China 's military growth , the outcome will also depend on what the US and other countries do .
Weaker countries sometimes attack when they feel backed into a corner , such as Japan did at Pearl Harbor or China did when it entered the Korean War in 1950 .
Al Qaeda 's network of tens of thousands of people in loosely affiliated cells in some sixty countries gives it a scale surpassing anything seen before .
While both are developing countries -- many of whose people remain impoverished -- they also boast impressive capabilities in information age technologies both for civilian and military purposes .
The two countries ' recent rapprochement marks a huge change from the hostility that bedeviled their relations following their 1962 war over a disputed border in the Himalayas .
One agreement signed during Wen 's visit was a new set of guiding principles on how to settle boundary disputes between the two countries .
The increasing role of the Indian diaspora in the US , particularly in the information industries , also had an influence , as has the rise in bilateral trade accompanying India 's surging economic growth . Equally important are strategic concerns about transnational terrorism and the rise of Chinese power .
Once the original six core countries began to expand to include northern , southern , and , most recently , eastern European countries , the old federal vision was doomed .
This is the board where Europe acts as a union , and other countries like Japan and China play significant roles .
Here European countries are well endowed , having overcome centuries of animosity and developing a large successful market .
At the Cold War 's end , East European countries did not try to form local alliances , as they did in the 1920 's , but looked toward Brussels as the magnet for their futures .
Similarly , countries like Turkey and Ukraine have adjusted their policies because they are attracted to Europe .
Some counsel retreating to the original six countries as an inner core that creates a federation within the larger union .
Asian countries have impressive potential resources for soft power .
Pokemon cartoons are broadcast in 65 countries , and Japanese animation is a huge hit with filmmakers and teenagers everywhere .
The residual suspicion that lingers in countries like China and Korea sets limits on Japan 's appeal that are reinforced every time the Japanese prime minister visits the Yasukuni Shrine .
Large expatriate communities in the US -- 2.4 million Chinese and 1.7 million Indians -- have increased interest in their home countries among other Americans .
Both countries have a reputation for corruption in government .
In foreign policy as well , both countries ' reputations are burdened with the problems of longstanding disputes over Taiwan and Kashmir .
The soft power of Asian countries , then , lags behind that of the US , Europe , and Japan , but it is likely to increase .
The crisis in Ukraine , many of whose Soviet-era industries depend on cheap Russian gas , soon spread to Europe , which consumes 80 % of Russian gas exports , when Ukraine began to divert gas from the pipeline that crosses its territory .
Ironically , 2006 is also the year that Russia takes over the chair of the Group of Eight industrialized countries , which is set to meet in Moscow this spring .
But , as the Ukraine episode indicates , pipelines dedicated to a single country may be less reliable than those that run through several countries .
Because modern societies are similar in their vulnerabilities , countries have a great deal to learn from each others ' mistakes and best practices .
A particularly important type of assistance is in helping other countries to develop capabilities to deal with weapons of mass destruction .
Another crucial area for assistance is the Cooperative Threat Reduction effort , which provides funds to help improve the control and destruction of weapons-grade materials in former Soviet countries .
These programs , too , are under-funded , although there was an agreement in principle at the G-8 summit in Canada last year for ten countries to provide an additional $ 10 billion over the next ten years .
China and India , the two largest countries in the world , realize that their high rates of economic growth also depend upon foreign oil .
While the two countries together consume slightly less than half as much oil as the US , their consumption is increasing faster .
When poor countries consume as much per capita as rich countries , will there be enough oil to go around ?
China and India have been crisscrossing the globe making financially and politically costly deals to try to lock up the output of new oil-producing countries .
For example , when Western countries discouraged their oil companies from dealing with Sudan 's government because of its inadequate response to the genocide in Darfur , China was quick to buy up the country 's oil .
Because accurate statistics about reserves in countries like Saudi Arabia are not available , it is impossible to settle the dispute definitively .
For China and India , that just reinforces their desire to lock up oil supplies from countries outside the Persian Gulf .
Even before new technologies produce that amount of fuel , the US could switch to imports from Nigeria , Venezuela , and other countries .
But even if those countries remain stable , America will not be safe .
Arab oil-exporting countries embargoed oil sales to the US and the Netherlands to punish them for their support of Israel .
But the oil destined for the US and the Netherlands was shifted to other countries like Japan , while oil destined for other countries found its way to the US and the Netherlands .
The world 's dependence on Persian Gulf oil means that all countries have an interest in maintaining stability in that region , while improving energy efficiency and increasing the diversity of their overall energy supplies .
Stalin had created a command economy that emphasized heavy manufacturing and smokestack industries , making it highly inflexible -- all thumbs and no fingers .
Economic globalization created turmoil throughout the world at the end of the twentieth century , but the Western market economies were able to re-allocate labor to services , restructure their heavy industries , and switch to computers .
Nor will soft power be sufficient to stop Iran 's nuclear program , though the legitimacy of the Bush administration 's current multilateral approach may help to recruit other countries to a coalition that isolates Iran .
Moreover , Iran 's support of terrorist organizations , such as Hezbollah , could bring violence to other countries .
The creation of the welfare state in Western countries after World War II helped to create a safety net for people disadvantaged by economic change , thereby encouraging them to accept the return of international economic interdependence .
Kim knows that the five other countries in the six-party talks are divided .
They point to the success of efforts to shut down illegal banking transactions and to the Proliferation Security Initiative , in which other countries agree to interdict transport of nuclear materials .
The US invasion of Iraq , a country that was not connected to the 9\/11 attacks , squandered that good will , and the attractiveness of the US in Muslim countries like Indonesia plummeted from 75 % approval in 2000 to half that level today .
Although China has become Japan 's largest partner in trade and foreign direct investment , nationalists in the two countries have fueled each other 's extremism , while their governments play with fire .
One major task that NATO performed in the first decade after the Cold War was to attract the newly freed countries of Central Europe toward the West , with the prospect of membership conditioned on meeting democratic standards .
Because they train together , NATO countries can operate effectively even when not all members of the organization are officially involved .
In military terms , European countries need to spend more on secure communications , airlift capabilities , special operations , and dealing with chemical and biological battlefields in order to be able to fight the war on terrorism effectively .
France is concerned that America 's influence in NATO is too large , and opposes a global role in which NATO establishes special partnerships with Australia , New Zealand , Japan , and other countries .
Many NATO countries with troops in Afghanistan have `` national caveats '' that restrict how their troops may be used .
Faced with this uncertainty about the future of liberal democracy in Russia , how should western countries respond ?
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice declared in 2005 that `` the fundamental character of regimes matters more today than the international distribution of power , '' and Senator John McCain , a US presidential candidate , has urged removing Russia from the Group of Eight advanced countries .
Finally , while one can understand a former superpower 's temptation to seize its opportunity to return to a muscular foreign policy , Russia 's bullying in the energy area is destroying trust and undercutting Russia 's soft power in other countries .
Maintaining regional balances of power and dampening local incentives to use force to change borders provides a public good for many -LRB- but not all -RRB- countries .
Similarly , maintaining open global markets is a necessary -LRB- though not sufficient -RRB- condition for alleviating poverty in poor countries even as it benefits the US .
Financial and scientific help from rich countries is important not only for humanitarian reasons , but also to prevent failed states from becoming sources of disorder for the rest of the world .
Protectionist trade measures often hurt poor countries most , and foreign assistance is generally unpopular with the American public .
It is sometimes tempting to let intractable conflicts fester , and there are some situations where other countries can play the mediator 's role more effectively .
The US can also encourage other countries to share in production of such public goods .
But it will have to learn to work with other countries to share leadership .
To be sure , the US now has more power resources relative to other countries than Britain had at its imperial peak .
But the US has less power - in the sense of control over other countries ' internal behavior - than Britain did when it ruled a quarter of the globe .
Instead , it is distributed among countries in a pattern that resembles a complex three-dimensional chess game .
Neo-conservatives writers like Max Boot argue that the US should provide troubled countries with the sort of enlightened foreign administration once provided by self-confident Englishmen in pith helmets .
Its imperial overreach will instead come from having to police more peripheral countries than US public opinion will accept .
Notions of American hegemony and unilateral responses make little sense when most of the serious challenges that countries face today -- problems like climate change , pandemics , financial stability , and terrorism -- fall outside the control of even the largest countries .
The United Nations can play an important role in helping to legitimize and implement agreements among countries , but even its closest friends admit that its large size , rigid regional blocs , formal diplomatic procedures , and cumbersome bureaucracy often impede consensus As one sage put it , the problem for multilateral organizations is `` how to get everyone into the act and still get action . ''
More recently , the annual G-8 summit has invited five other countries to attend as observers , creating a de facto G-13 .
The new invitees resent not being included as full members able to help plan and shape the meetings , and the original countries ' delegations have expanded to include hundreds of officials each .
Todd Stern and William Antholis have suggested the creation of an `` E-8 '' : a compact forum of leaders from developed and developing countries -- including the United States , the European Union , Japan , Russia , China , India , Brazil , and South Africa -- that would devote their full attention once a year to environmental challenges and global climate change .
Should papers be exchanged in advance , with comments from a secretariat or from other countries ?
But the pendulum has swung back from unilateralism to multilateralism , and the world 's largest countries are searching for ways to make it more effective .
Many developing countries , in particular , remain jealous of their sovereignty and fear that the new principle could infringe it .
In their relations with each other , such countries are all from Venus , to paraphrase Robert Kagan , and here Europe 's focus on law and institutions is an asset .
Here , Europe acts as a union , and other countries like Japan and China play big roles .
European countries ' success in overcoming centuries of animosity , and the development of a large internal market , has given them a great deal of soft power .
At the Cold War 's end , East European countries did not try to form local alliances , as they did in the 1920 's , but looked toward Brussels to secure their future .
Similarly , countries like Turkey and Ukraine have adjusted their policies in response to their attraction to Europe .
If both countries ' economies continue to grow at their current rates , China 's could be larger than America 's in 30 years , but US per capita income will still be four times greater .
The greatest danger is that an escalating fear of enmity in the three countries becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy .
A cooperative program that helps China to burn its coal more cleanly is in the interests of all three countries .
The two countries ' recent rapprochement marks a considerable change from the hostility that bedeviled their relations following their 1962 war over a disputed border in the Himalayas .
The border dispute remains unsettled , and both countries vie for influence in neighboring states such as Myanmar .
Handled properly , the simultaneous rise of China and India could be good for all countries .
Realizing the threat to the non-proliferation regime , countries as diverse as the Soviet Union , France , Germany , and Japan formed a `` Nuclear Suppliers Group '' that restrained the export of enrichment and reprocessing facilities .
Today , such countries should join together to offer Iran -LRB- and others -RRB- a deal .
Countries that wish to develop nuclear energy but not nuclear bombs should be given international guarantees of fuel supply and disposal of spent fuel .
But , unlike smoking , which can be discouraged through taxes and regulations , there is no global government to regulate excessive CO2 emissions , and countries are tempted to leave remedies to others .
Moreover , some countries , such as Russia , which could benefit economically from a warmer Siberia , have different incentives from countries like Bangladesh , a poor country that is likely to be flooded by rising sea levels that will accompany global warming .
But such external shocks may also have indirect effects by aggravating the disparities between developed and developing countries and creating additional incentives for mass migration to rich , less affected , and more adaptable regions .
In addition , climate change will put stress on weak governments in poor countries and may lead to an increase in the number of failed states and become an indirect source of international conflict .
China , India , and other countries argue that economic development in rich countries caused most of the existing problem , and it is only fair that developing countries should not have to reduce their emissions until they reach the rich countries ' levels of emissions .
Coal is cheap and widely available in China , which is important as the country scrambles for energy resources to keep its many energy-intensive industries running .
Given that the bombs , bullets , and embargos of traditional security policy are irrelevant , what can the US and other rich countries do about this security threat ?
A 2007 report from the International Energy Agency -LRB- created after the 1973 oil crisis to provide policy advice to industrial countries -RRB- urged a cooperative approach to helping China and India become more energy efficient .
In other words , to prevent dangerous climate change and promote their own security , the US and other rich countries may have to forge a partnership with China , India , and others to develop creative ideas , technologies , and policies .
A recent BBC poll of 22 countries found that if the world could vote , Obama would win in a landslide . The pro-Obama margin varied from 82 % in Kenya -LRB- where Obama 's father was born -RRB- to 9 % in India .
A successful strategy against Al Qaeda will require close intelligence cooperation with other countries and policies that attract the support of mainstream Muslim opinion .
When few other states followed its example , Russia pointed out that the NATO countries had used force to help Kosovo separate from Serbia .
Internal self-determination could allow degrees of cultural , economic , and political autonomy similar to that which exists in countries like Switzerland or Belgium .
Where such loosening of the bonds is still not enough , it may be possible in some cases to arrange an amicable divorce , as happened when Czechoslovakia peacefully divided into two sovereign countries in 1993 .
On the top board of military power among countries , the US is the only superpower . On the middle board of economic relations among countries , the world is already multipolar .
Thousands of scientists from more than 100 countries recently reported that there is new and strong evidence that most of the warming observed over the last 50 years is attributable to human activities , and average global temperatures in the twenty-first century are projected to increase between 2.5 and 10 degrees Fahrenheit . The result could be more severe variations in climate , with too much water in some regions and not enough in others .
Power in a global information age is distributed among countries in a pattern that resembles a complex three-dimensional chess game .
On this economic board , other countries often balance American power .
But with time , technological gains will spread to other countries and peoples , diminishing America 's relative pre-eminence .
In a world where borders are becoming more porous than ever to everything from drugs to infectious diseases to terrorism , Americans will be forced to work with other countries beyond their borders .
Some people -- in both countries -- viewed the security alliance as a Cold War relic to be discarded .
Many countries that are smaller than South Korea do well with soft power .
The political clout of countries such as Canada , the Netherlands , and the Scandinavian states is greater than their military and economic weight , owing to the incorporation of attractive causes such as economic aid or peacemaking in their definitions of their national interest .
In 1960 , it had approximately the same level of economic wealth as Ghana , one of the more prosperous of the newly independent countries in Africa .
Today , the two countries are vastly different .
Korean popular culture has also crossed borders , particularly among younger people in neighboring Asian countries , while the impressive success of the Korean diaspora in the US has further enhanced the attractiveness of the culture and country from which they came .
It is also about building relationships with civil-society actors in other countries and facilitating networks between non-governmental parties at home and abroad .
The US can not alone hunt down every suspected Al Qaeda leader . Nor can it launch a war whenever it wishes without alienating other countries .
In the aftermath of the war , polls showed a dramatic decline in the popularity of the US even in countries like Britain , Spain , and Italy , whose governments supported the war .
America 's standing plummeted in Islamic countries , whose support is needed to help track the flow of terrorists , tainted money , and dangerous weapons .
In 2003 , a bipartisan advisory group reported that the US was spending only $ 150 million on public diplomacy in Muslim countries , an amount it called grossly inadequate .
Indeed , the combined cost for the State Department 's public diplomacy programs and all of America 's international broadcasting is just over $ 1 billion , about the same amount spent by Britain or France , countries that are one-fifth America 's size and whose military budgets are only 25 % as large .
Many Chinese believe that this represents a shift in the global balance of power , and that China should be less deferential to other countries , including the US .
Congress always pays attention to squeaky wheels , and special interests press it to legislate foreign-policy tactics , codes of conduct , and sanctions for other countries .
Journalists continue to lavish attention on these so-called `` BRIC '' countries , but I remain skeptical of the concept .
Putting aside the United States -LRB- which ranks third in population -RRB- , annual economic growth in the other four most populous countries -- China , India , Indonesia , and Brazil -- was above 5-6 % in 2000-2009 .
Although Russia accounts for only 5 % of China 's trade , the two countries announced a similar agreement .
After the recent financial crisis , Goldman Sachs upped the ante and projected that the combined GDP of the BRICs might exceed that of the G-7 countries by 2027 , about 10 years sooner than initially believed .
While a BRICs meeting may be convenient for coordinating some short-term diplomatic tactics , the term lumps together disparate countries that have deep divisions .
It ranks 75th out of 180 countries on Transparency International 's corruption perceptions index -LRB- compared to 79th for China , 84th for India , and 146th for Russia -RRB- .
The World Economic Forum ranks Brazil 56th among 133 countries in terms of economic competitiveness -LRB- compared to 29th for China , 49th for India , and 63rd for Russia -RRB- .
Fears of default began to affect other countries , such as Portugal and Spain , among the 16 members of the eurozone .
Legal integration is increasing , and European Court verdicts have compelled member countries to change policies .
Moravcsik argues that the pessimistic prognosis is based on a nineteenth-century realist view in which `` power is linked to the relative share of aggregate global resources and countries are engaged in constant zero-sum rivalry . '' Moreover , as he points out , Europe is the world 's second military power , with 21 % of the world 's military spending , compared to 5 % for China , 3 % for Russia , 2 % for India , and 1.5 % for Brazil .
Tens of thousands of troops from the EU 's member states have been deployed outside of their home countries in Sierra Leone , Congo , Ivory Coast , Chad , Lebanon , and Afghanistan .
Judging whether economic interdependence produces power requires looking at the balance of asymmetries , not just at one side of the equation .
There is always the danger of actions with unintended consequences , especially as both countries can be expected to maneuver to change the framework and reduce their vulnerabilities .
Asymmetries in currency markets are a particularly important aspect of economic power , since they underlie global trade and financial markets .
Obviously , a country whose currency represents a significant proportion of world reserves can gain international power from that position , thanks to easier terms for economic adjustment and the ability to influence other countries .
With its current levels of immigration , America is one of the few developed countries that may avoid demographic decline and keep its share of world population , but this might change if reactions to terrorist events or public xenophobia closed the borders .
Indeed , 83 countries and territories , including most developed countries , currently have fertility rates below the level necessary to maintain a constant population level .
Not only is immigration relevant to economic power , but , given that nearly all developed countries are aging and face a burden of providing for older generations , it could help reduce the sharpness of the policy problem .
America is a magnet , and many people can envisage themselves as Americans , because many successful Americans look like people in other countries .
In addition , the presence of multiple cultures creates avenues of connection with other countries , and helps create an important broadening of American attitudes in an era of globalization .
The countries of the European Union have been more willing to experiment with limiting state sovereignty , and they may push for more institutional innovation .
For example , on monetary affairs , the Bretton Woods conference created the International Monetary Fund in 1944 , and it has since expanded to include 186 countries .
After the weakening of the dollar and President Richard M. Nixon 's decision to end its convertibility into gold , in 1975 France convened leaders of five countries in the library of the Chateau de Rambouillet to discuss monetary affairs .
As one experienced diplomat put it , `` if you 're trying to negotiate an exchange-rate deal with 20 countries or a bailout of Mexico , as in the early Clinton days , with 20 countries , that 's not easy .
After all , with three countries , there are three bilateral relationships ; with ten , there are 45 ; and with 100 players , there are nearly 5,000 .
That is why , on issues like climate change , the UN will continue to play a role , but more intensive negotiations are likely to occur in smaller groups such as the Major Economies Forum , where fewer than a dozen countries account for 80 % of greenhouse gas emissions .
But if major countries are divided , it is unlikely that even network organizations like the G-20 can set the agenda for the UN and the Bretton Woods financial institutions to act upon .
It possesses the world 's third largest national economy , sophisticated industries , and the best-equipped conventional military forces among Asian countries .
Books predicted a Japanese-led Pacific bloc that would exclude the US , and even an eventual war between the two countries .
Alternatively , if Japan were to ally with China , the two countries ' combined resources would make for a potent coalition .
More recently , after Japanese maritime officials arrested a Chinese fishing-boat captain near the disputed Senkaku islands , China responded harshly with arrests of Japanese businessmen , cancelation of student visits , and suspension of exports of rare-earth minerals upon which key Japanese industries depend .
On November 23 , its army fired nearly 200 artillery rounds onto the South Korean island of Yeonpyeong , near the two countries ' disputed maritime border , killing four -- including two civilians -- and demolishing scores of houses and other structures .
Its leaders have a reputation for selling dangerous items such as missiles , narcotics , and counterfeit currency , and many worry that they might transfer nuclear materials to other countries or to terrorist groups .
Fifty-four years after the announcement of the Schuman Plan that began to knit together the economies of France and Germany , the EU now has 25 countries and a population larger than that of the United States .
Eight of the new members are former Communist countries that were locked behind the Iron Curtain for nearly half a century .
The per capita income of the new countries is less than half of that of the fifteen members they are joining .
Lack of grassroots support might lead to rejection of the constitution in countries like Britain , where referenda have been promised before the new arrangements come into force .
The Iraq War proved costly to American soft power , with the US losing about 30 percentage points of attractiveness on average in Europe , including in countries like Britain , Spain , and Italy , whose governments supported the war .
Not only would it add to anti-American attitudes and fail to accomplish its objectives , but it over-estimates the extent to which the new Europe is being formed in opposition to the US . Whatever the rhetoric in France , for example , the policies and attitudes in countries such as Britain or Poland demonstrate that good trans-Atlantic relations can be maintained .
Such statements reflect a considerable change from the hostility that bedeviled Indian-Chinese relations following the two countries ' 1962 war over a disputed border in the Himalayas .
The border dispute remains unsettled , and both countries vie for influence in neighboring states such as Myanmar .
Building on that base , Indian information industries are able to play a major global role .
And , while the two countries signed agreements in 1993 and 1996 that promised a peaceful settlement of the border dispute that led them to war in l962 , it is worth noting that , just prior to India 's nuclear tests in March l998 , India 's defense minister described China as India 's `` potential enemy number one . ''
Rather than becoming an ally , India is more likely to become one of the Asian countries that will tend to balance China 's strategic rise .
On the other hand , if he merely supports such governments , he will antagonize those countries ' new information-empowered civil society , thus jeopardizing longer-term stability .
After Chinese leaders faced international criticism and deteriorating relations with the US , Japan , India , and other countries , they decided to return to Deng 's smart-power strategy .
Emerging countries tend to benefit from imported technologies in the early stages of economic takeoff , but their growth rates generally slow as they reach higher levels of development .
Almost alone among developing countries , China is aging extraordinarily fast .
But China 's leaders will have to contend with other countries ' reactions , as well as with the constraints implied by the need for external markets and resources in order to meet their economic-growth objectives .
Both countries , along with others , have much more to gain from cooperation .
Today , many pundits argue that other countries ' rising power and the loss of American influence in a revolutionary Middle East point to the decline of `` American hegemony . '' But the term is confusing .
Even in the era of alleged American hegemony , studies show that only one-fifth of America 's efforts to compel change in other countries through military threats were successful , while economic sanctions worked in only half of all cases .
Judging whether economic interdependence produces power requires looking at the balance of asymmetries .
In addition , it would have been difficult to persuade other countries to join a coalition to contain China unless China resorted to bullying tactics , as the Soviets did after World War II .
Japan , India , Vietnam , and other countries do not want to be dominated by China , and thus welcome a US presence in the region .
The US and China -LRB- as well as other countries -RRB- have much to gain from collaborating on transnational issues .
Freedom House , a non-governmental organization , listed 86 free countries at the beginning of the Bush years , a total that increased slightly , to 89 , by the end of his term .
Anyone who flies or tries to visit a Washington office building gets a reminder of how American security was changed by 9\/11 .
Two asymmetries , however , favored Al Qaeda in September 2001 .
But asymmetries of information and attention do not confer a permanent advantage on the wielders of informal violence .
Moreover , many Muslims misread the term as an attack on Islam , which was not America 's intent , but fit Bin Laden 's efforts to tarnish perceptions of the US in key Muslim countries .
A recent Pew poll found that in 15 of 22 countries surveyed , most people believe that China either will replace or has replaced America as `` the world 's leading superpower . ''
The IMF has shown that those countries that deployed capital-account regulations were among the least hard-hit during the worst of the global financial crisis .
With low interest rates and a slow recovery in the developed countries , accompanied by high interest rates and rapid growth in emerging markets , the world 's investors flocked from the former to the latter -- Brazil , Chile , South Korea , Taiwan , and others .
Then , in recent months , they flocked out of those emerging countries , showing once again how volatile and dangerous such flows are .
Indeed , as the IMF has pointed out in its World Economic Outlook , these flows threaten to inflate asset bubbles , make it harder for countries to pursue an independent monetary policy , and trigger currency appreciation and associated losses in export competitiveness .
Some countries responded by doing nothing , but many , including industrialized countries like Japan and Switzerland , intervened heavily in currency markets .
The IMF 's proposed guidelines recommend that countries deploy capital-account regulations only as a last resort -- that is , after such measures as building up reserves , letting currencies appreciate , and cutting budget deficits .
Unless countries have signed trade and investment treaties that restrict the use of such regulations -LRB- and many have -RRB- , the IMF 's Articles of Agreement give them full policy scope to manage capital flows as they see fit .
Consigning such measures to `` last resort '' status would reduce the available options precisely when countries need as many tools as possible to prevent and mitigate crises .
Rather than embracing a globally enforceable code of conduct that could paradoxically lead to a compulsory opening of capital accounts across the globe , the IMF , the G-20 , the Financial Stability Board , and other bodies should try to reduce the stigma attached to capital-account regulations and protect countries ' ability to deploy them .
Indeed , the IMF could help countries to prevent evasion of the regulations , and , together with the G-20 and the FSB , should lead a global dialogue about the extent to which countries should coordinate such regulations .
Industrialized economies are seeking to recover from the crisis , and want credit and capital to stay home to boost growth , while developing countries have little interest in gaining short-term capital inflows .
This could form the basis for industrialized countries to adjust their tax codes and deploy other types of regulation to keep capital at home , while emerging markets implement measures aimed at changing the composition and reducing the level of potentially destabilizing inflows .
Led by China and India , developing countries were prominent among the best performing economies , expanding by 6.5 % on average in 2006 .
Average annual growth in the least developed countries , many in Africa , reached almost 7 % last year .
This lifted manufactured exports around the world and kept inflation down , which in turn boosted demand for energy and raw materials from the developing world , pushing up commodity prices and benefiting many poor countries .
The build-up of official reserves in East Asia and other developing countries will provide them with extra means to deal with possible external shocks .
Exchange rates should be realigned in a coordinated fashion to stimulate exports from deficit countries and import demand from surplus countries .
To be credible as a mediator of this mechanism , the IMF itself would need reform , including a substantial change of voting power to bring the influence of developing countries in line with the weight they carry nowadays in the global economy .
Of course , similar calls were made after the Asian and Russian crises of 1997-1998 , but were not taken seriously by the rich industrial countries .
Now that these countries are at the center of the storm , perhaps they will now be serious .
Second , the process started the wrong way , by excluding most countries from the talks .
It is obviously good for the G-7 or a subset of G-7 members to show leadership , but no fundamental reform can occur without an inclusive process that gives both industrial and developing countries , and both large and small countries an adequate voice .
Global institutions , not ad hoc groups of countries , must be at the center of the reform effort .
The Bank for International Settlements and the Basel Committee are better placed , but a fundamental reform is needed to broaden their membership and to avoid a major problem of the Basel Committee : its lack of representation of developing countries .
This is the only way to give developing countries a voice .
The third issue is developing countries ' major demand . The IMF should lend during balance-of-payments crises rapidly and without overburdening conditions , particularly when the source of the crisis is a rapid reversal of capital flows or a sharp deterioration in the terms of trade .
This would make the IMF more like a central bank , providing liquidity in an agile way , just as advanced countries ' central banks have been providing funds on a massive scale recently .
A denser network of institutions seems better adapted to a heterogeneous international community , and it is likely to provide better services and give a stronger voice to smaller countries .
First , as with all systems that preceded it , it puts the burden of adjustment on deficit countries , not on surplus countries .
Third , the current system is inequitable , because it forces a transfer of resources from developing countries to the industrial nations that provide reserve currencies .
Developing countries ' main defense against world financial instability has been to accumulate international reserves .
At the end of 2007 , developing countries , excluding China , held reserves equivalent to 20.6 % of their GDP , compared to just 3.7 % in 1990 .
This generated a huge asymmetry in the world economy , as industrial countries , excluding Japan , hold only 2.6 % of GDP in reserves . One basic reason is that the only `` collective insurance '' available is limited and highly conditional IMF lending .
It would also be a much better mechanism with which to finance the IMF during crises than the credit lines to the IMF from a few countries -LRB- `` arrangements to borrow '' -RRB- that the G-20 is again advocating , as it is truly multilateral financing that does not depend on any individual country .
For such a program to work , it is essential that developing countries recognize that IMF financing is good `` collective insurance , '' so that their demand for foreign-exchange reserves would decline .
The major problem with the new credit line is that it runs the risk of unduly dividing developing countries into two categories , with significant additional risks for the latter .
A better alternative would be to go back to John Maynard Keynes 's proposal of an overdraft -LRB- or , in IMF terminology , drawing -RRB- facility for all member countries , with countries that continue to use it eventually having to apply to a formal lending program .
The reform should also allow for a mechanism for countries to exchange their current dollar -LRB- and euro , yen , and pound -RRB- assets for SDRs , thus avoiding the disruptions that could be generated by the transition to the new system .
Estimates by the International Monetary Fund and the United Nations indicate that the volume of international trade in 2010 will still be 7 % to 8 % below its 2008 peak , while many or most countries , including industrial nations , are seeking to boost their current accounts .
Countries running surpluses must adopt expansionary policies and appreciate their currencies .
More broadly , to the extent that major emerging-market countries will continue to lead the global recovery , they should reduce their current-account surpluses or even generate deficits to help , through increased imports , spread the benefits of their growth worldwide .
But disorderly appreciation may seriously affect China 's economic growth by disrupting its export industries , which would generate major adverse effects on all of East Asia .
These countries can , of course , resist upward pressure on their currencies by accumulating foreign-exchange reserves , like they did before the global financial crisis .
The result is , of course , paradoxical : private funds that flow into these countries are recycled into US Treasury securities via investment of accumulated reserves .
Why should emerging-market countries ' central banks undertake this peculiar financial intermediation , which represents a major cost , as the yield of private funds is higher than that of reserves ?
One solution -LRB- already advocated by some , including me , and adopted to some extent by a few countries -RRB- is broader use of capital-account regulations .
Equally important , a desirable global scenario is possibly one in which most developing countries run current-account deficits .
These past crises gave rise to a form of `` self-insurance '' among developing countries through reserve accumulation .
Recent IMF reforms are just a step in the direction of trying to create better financial instruments to help these countries .
It is essential , in particular , to create reliable large-scale financing for developing countries during crises , through a mix of counter-cyclical issuance of SDRs and emergency financing without onerous conditions .
Countries spend years negotiating trade rules , but exchange-rate movements can , within days , have a greater impact on trade than those painstaking deals .
Some proposals would resolve the first of these paradoxes by allowing countries to use the World Trade Organization 's dispute-resolution mechanism in cases of exchange-rate manipulation .
Unilateral countervailing duties against countries that are hypothetically manipulating their exchange rates are equally bad .
The effectiveness of monetary expansion could be enhanced in advanced countries by reducing the leakages generated by the carry trade and other short-term capital outflows .
Actually , this would imply a return to the IMF 's founding principle : it is in the best interest of all members to allow countries to pursue their own full-employment macroeconomic policies , even if this requires regulating capital flows .
Such a reform would also serve as a mechanism of coordination at the international level , since coordinated capital-account regulations by recipient countries would be difficult to achieve .
Indeed , the world will be characterized for several years by the asymmetry generated by advanced countries ' weakness and emerging economies ' strength , which calls for asymmetry in these two groups of countries ' monetary policies .
Non-deliverable forward contracts should be subject to close regulation and supervision in both source and destination countries .
Many countries continue to accumulate high levels of precautionary reserves , especially to avoid future crises stemming from reversals on their capital and trade accounts .
Recent financial crises have taught countries that those with large reserves are better able to weather the vicissitudes of international financial markets .
While such reserve accumulations help protect countries , in certain periods they reduce global aggregate demand .
Moreover , reducing the need for countries to set aside funds for reserves would also facilitate some reduction of global imbalances .
For example , countries ' unused SDRs could be held as `` deposits '' by the IMF , which the Fund could then use to finance its lending programs .
For example , alternative systems of SDR allocation , with a greater proportion of SDRs given to countries actually demanding the reserves -LRB- mainly developing countries -RRB- , might contribute to global growth and stability .
The question today is whether , with the moment of crisis passing and countries ' circumstances and perspectives diverging , the G-20 can demonstrate the leadership the world needs in addressing its ongoing critical problems .
The reasons are clear : since the world has experienced a `` multi-speed recovery , '' as the International Monetary Fund puts it , slow-growth advanced countries are maintaining very low interest rates and other expansionary monetary policies , while fast-growth emerging economies are unwinding the expansionary policies that they adopted during the recession .
The problem is compounded by the fact that one of the countries undertaking expansionary policies is the United States , which has the world 's largest financial sector and issues the paramount global currency .
Indeed , it has been shown that countries that used such regulations were hit less severely by the recent global financial crisis , and many economists argue that this was also true of the 1997-1998 Asian financial crisis .
In the recent IMF document , the Fund proposes a set of guidelines that countries should use for capital-account regulations -LRB- which they call `` capital-flow management measures , '' or CFMs -RRB- .
Temporary , improvised measures have had reduced effectiveness in many countries .
After all , we live in a global system in which different countries use different currencies , which implies that residents and non-residents have asymmetric demands for assets issued in those currencies .
Most importantly , a policy framework issued by international institutions like the IMF should include a clear mechanism to cooperate with countries using these policies .
But none is to be found in the IMF 's guidelines , even though it recognizes that capital-account volatility is in a sense a negative externality inflicted upon recipient countries .
More importantly , countries could use similar instruments , as part of a true international regulatory regime , to increase the effectiveness of their expansionary monetary policies .
In other words , the new IMF framework is welcome , but countries will need the freedom to manage their capital account more than ever in the years ahead .
For more than a decade , the precious metallic component of e-waste has been fueling a polarized international trade in potentially hazardous materials , with defunct electronic products exported to countries where labor is cheap .
The Basel Convention on the control of trans-boundary movements of hazardous wastes and their disposal was meant to level the playing field between countries that produce toxic waste and those that potentially consume it .
In the current global market , the life cycle of an electronic device may include the synthesis of labor and material from a dozen or more countries .
In a way , this is already happening through cottage industries in countries such as China , Ghana , India , and Nigeria , which employ ill-equipped artisans who are not sufficiently trained to avoid harmful procedures that contaminate the environment and sicken themselves and their neighbors .
Little Swan sells washing machines in 40 countries , while Legend Group is now the world 's largest manufacturer of personal computers -LRB- mostly sold under other brand names -RRB- .
Nigeria presently produces two million barrels per day . OPEC calculates member countries ' quotas based on proven reserves .
Nor do they voice their concern that AFRICOM could be part of an American effort to exert control on West Africa 's oil-producing countries .
With industries collapsing because of constant power outages , unemployment soaring , and cynical politicians forcing their impoverished followers into ethnic and religious laagers , Nigeria 's 2011 elections are shaping up to be a perfect storm .
Head banging or screaming can , for example , be misinterpreted as being part of the intellectual disability rather than an expression of discomfort or depression -- a phenomenon known as `` diagnostic overshadowing . '' Unfortunately , annual health checks that screen for physical and mental-health changes and epilepsy are not routine in many countries .
But , despite the best efforts of governments , reaching those goals by the 2015 target date still remains a distant prospect for many countries , not the least of in Africa .
The AFC is promoting such investment , based on a new development-oriented banking style in Africa that involves the proactive creation and management of infrastructure , industrial , and financial assets , including the six leading industrial sectors : power , transport infrastructure , telecoms , oil and gas , mining , and heavy industries .
If they volunteered to act collectively at these forums , Europe would free up much-needed space for other important countries at the top table of world economic discussions , which would foster greater respect for global policymakers .
When it comes to internal competition policies , most European countries still think within the national `` box . ''
This is a poor showing for countries that successfully confronted the challenges of creating the EU and monetary union .
Unless European countries take the initiative on global financial institutional reform , it will remain a lost cause .
Despite their commitment to speak to Russia with one voice , various EU countries negotiate with Russia bilaterally whenever possible -LRB- especially over lucrative business contracts -RRB- , congregating under the EU umbrella only when necessary .
NATO-Russia consultation during the drafting of the latest NATO Strategic Concept is a good example -- an approach that Russia itself rejected before adopting its new military doctrine . Consultations on the Medvedev Plan should also include other former Soviet-bloc countries , such as Ukraine .
Our detailed analysis , conducted in 21 countries and regions over two years , suggests that every region and sector must play its part .
To get to the post-carbon economy , countries will have to recognize their inter-dependence , strengthen global coordination of resource policies , and adapt to new , more contingent models of sovereignty .
Moreover , after all that has happened in the past six months , Central Europeans can no longer look up to old countries representing the moral values of Western civilization .
Crisis management measures undertaken in the Western world are practically cutting our countries off from the EU market .
In this situation , Central European countries must cooperate to defend their own interests , as well as their dream of a common Europe .
If not , then first the biggest and the strongest countries , and then the Central Europeans , will turn away from the European dream .
Person-to-person exchanges should also be encouraged , and the support that countries like Poland give to the Belarusian opposition should be stepped up .
Thirteen years after the fall of the Berlin Wall , the postcommunist countries of Central and Eastern Europe stand poised to join the EU , uniting Europe at last .
It is widely believed , even among the most Euro-skeptical of observers , that joining the eurozone will affirm these countries ' successful transformation into modern market economies .
Moreover , it is based on the experiences of diverse emerging-market countries whose relevance for postcommunist economies is questionable .
The debate about the timing and technical form of euroization must address which monetary regime -- full-fledged euroization or floating exchange rates -- is more effective in lowering risk premiums in the candidate countries .
But if they `` euroize '' too soon , candidate countries could find themselves with lower domestic interest rates but a higher external default risk .
However , a DIT regime is feasible only for larger transition countries with relatively well developed financial markets .
In smaller transition countries , such as the Baltic states , the financial infrastructure may not be sufficiently advanced to conduct monetary policy through open-market operations and to provide appropriate signals for policymakers .
But these countries ' monetary authorities should base interest rates on conditional inflation forecasts rather than historical data during active disinflation .
Paramount to CAFTA is a concern about the extent to which Central American countries will liberalize their economies .
The trouble is that Central America relies on third countries for knit fabrics .
Central American leaders could implement limited banking reforms to offer incentives to emigrants to save remittances and invest in their home countries .
Indeed , a root of the Bush administration 's diminished interest in NATO can probably be found in the interventions of small countries in the military decisions - such as the choice of bombing targets - during the Kosovo War .
The reality of who actually possesses power in Europe has given rise to movement toward the creation of a foreign policy `` triumvirate '' comprising France , Germany , and the United Kingdom - something the leaders of the three countries will invariably discuss when they meet later this week .
In terms of population , GDP , commercial and diplomatic outreach , culture , and military clout , these countries indisputably form Europe 's core .
On other occasions , however , the three countries give the impression of being mainly interested in presenting themselves as an exclusive club , triggering resentment among their EU partners .
Representation of other EU member states in the ESC must take into account their population , economy , and military clout , which would allow an appropriate role and standing to such countries as Italy , Spain , and Poland .
Maternal mortality rates remain dismal in several countries .
Several countries have expressed reservations about this .
NEW YORK -- Over the last two years , the majority of countries in the world chose to expand public spending in order to buffer the impact of the global financial crisis on their economies and populations .
But , this year , with signs of economic recovery emerging , advanced countries have quickly shifted from fiscal stimulus to fiscal consolidation .
Now developing countries are also following the trend to consolidate .
A recent UNICEF survey of 126 countries shows that a significant number of low - and middle-income countries are expected to reduce public expenditures in 2010-2011 .
For most low - and middle-income countries , the incipient economic recovery appears to be fragile and uneven .
Indeed , many of these countries remain vulnerable to volatile commodity prices , financial-system weaknesses , depressed demand from world markets , and shortfalls in external finance , overseas development assistance , and investment .
In the 1980 's , adjustment programs required countries to cut back on their expenditures , including outlays on education , health , water , agriculture , and other sectors that make a difference to poor households .
Infant mortality rates rose among low-income groups in many developing countries , and inequality increased .
The poor in developing countries are again being made to endure the worst consequences of a crisis that they played no part in creating .
Our UNICEF survey of 126 developing countries found that among the nearly one-half that are reducing public expenditures , common adjustment measures include public-sector wage cuts or caps , withdrawal of food subsidies , and the targeting and rationalization of already meager social-protection systems .
Adjustment of public expenditures raises the risk of a recovery that discriminates against the poor , and thus fuels greater inequities in developing countries .
It requires that aid to poor countries be sustained ; that governments focus on expansionary macroeconomic policies that support employment and broad-based economic activities ; that new schemes be introduced to extend health services and social protection for the poor ; and that investments in education , water supply , sanitation , agriculture , and food security receive the support they need .
The receptiveness of the Chinese will reflect the degree to which both countries advance the discussion from theory to practice , as well as stabilizing their relations .
The Chinese leadership thus would be gravely mistaken to treat climate change as a subsidiary issue , much less as a problem imposed on developing countries like China to impede their economic progress .
NEW YORK -- The Strategic and Economic Dialogue between the United States and China has now ended with the establishment of a felicitous new atmosphere between the two countries .
Both Chu and Locke are aware that the US and China are now the world 's largest emitters of greenhouse gases , and that , if there is any hope of remedying global climate change , the two countries must quickly find a way to collaborate .
China recently demanded that the US reduce its emissions by 40 % from its 1990 baseline levels and subsidize emission reduction efforts in China and other developing countries to the tune of .05 -1 % of America 's GDP .
Moreover , with India poking Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the eye over her climate-change entreaties , the world could easily see an even more unified and unyielding bloc emerge among developing countries .
It was precisely to assess the impact of deals with countries like China on national security that Congress established the Committee on Foreign Investment in the US .
Indeed , it is still unclear where China 's amazing evolution will ultimately lead , so it would be naïve for American leaders to assume that China 's intentions will always be friendly and constructive , or that the two countries are inevitably destined to grow closer .
The bitter new reality is that the US and `` old Europe '' have recently edged closer to becoming `` developing countries . ''
Given the two countries ' long-strained relations , this visit would have been remarkable at any time .
But now is the moment for both countries to put the past aside in order to address their common security concerns .
Our countries and peoples have , throughout history , lived under a common umbrella for far longer than we have been divided .
Beyond the emotional impact of President Gul 's visit to Yerevan , real improvement in Turkish-Armenian relations requires opening the two countries ' closed border -- the last in Europe .
Or , for a start , the existing railroad link between the two countries could be made operational .
The diplomatic protocols awaiting ratification by the two countries ' parliaments have fallen victim to miscalculations on both sides .
It is time for both countries ' leaders to speak privately and directly with each other , with an understanding of the instability that could result from any failure to complete the diplomatic opening that the two sides initiated .
So , even as Turkey tries to deal with the consequences of its history at home , and redefine the army 's role in society , it must reset its tortured relationship with Armenia .
China and many other non-Western countries are rapidly urbanizing .
Countries with expanding economies would be better off using their new wealth to create ways of life that can be sustained beyond that inescapable point , rather than recklessly investing in a future that has no future .
The two countries still recognize many mutual interests , but now they manage these interests on a far different basis .
In fact , he 's holding his daughter on his lap as he tries to target your own kids .
What , Israelis ask , would other countries do ?
If so , then here 's further proof that only peaceful and stable countries can afford the luxury of incompetent decision-makers .
As a result , Turkey is projected to graduate from `` middle-income '' status and enter to the league of rich countries by 2012 .
This change in the amount and pattern of rainfall has serious implications for many economic activities , as well as for countries ' preparedness to handle emergencies such as large-scale coastal flooding or heavy snowfall .
In some African countries , for example , yields could decline by as much as 50 % by 2020 .
It attributed the rise to the `` nationalistic preaching '' that has taken root in both countries .
But for the US , an anti-drug policy designed by nationalist leaders whose countries account for more than half of America 's cocaine market hardly inspires confidence .
After all , according to conventional wisdom , global competition moves jobs to low-cost countries and puts downward pressure on wages everywhere else .
In the Scandinavian countries , as in the US , foreign competition intensified sharply during the past decade .
In the Scandinavian countries , as opposed to , say , Germany and the US , the government , not individual companies , are responsible for most social benefits .
As the past decade shows , they have served the Scandinavian countries well during a period of extreme internationalization .
Bankers are blamed because their irresponsible lending and speculation brought about the fall of economies like Ireland and Latvia , as well as deep trouble in countries like Spain and Portugal .
Instead , the blame should be shared by those who knew , or should have known , about the risks of giving up the ability to set interest rates in individual countries .
In countries with higher price growth than in Germany , but with the same borrowing costs , this can not produce anything but overheating , higher inflation , and even lower real interest rates .
Quite simply , the risks for small peripheral countries are inherent in the system created by the European Monetary Union .
Those who not only tolerated but actively encouraged the excesses of countries like Latvia -- by making eventual euro adoption a precondition for European Union membership , and promising that it would produce only growth , prosperity , and discipline -- are those who should be chased by the blame game .
But , as the recent United Nations Security Council debates on the Arab Spring have shown , it is not the major emerging countries that will influence events in the region .
This put human rights funding into the National Indicative Program -LRB- NIP -RRB- , which encompasses 17 countries : ten in the south and seven in Eastern Europe .
Of the Arab countries receiving ENP funds , only Egypt has channeled a high proportion -- nearly 50 % -- toward education .
It has also pressured other East Asian countries to under-value their exchange rates in order to remain competitive with Japan .
The over-valued dollar caused the US economy to hemorrhage spending on imports , jobs via off-shoring , and investment to countries with under-valued currencies .
China 's currency policy gives it a competitive advantage relative to other countries , allowing it to displace their exports to the US .
Worse still , other countries whose currencies have appreciated against the renminbi can look forward to a Chinese import invasion .
In effect , China is fostering new imbalances at a time when countries are struggling with the demand shortfall caused by the financial crisis .
Moreover , there is an old mentality among Southern countries that they can do no wrong in their relationships with the North , and that they should exhibit solidarity with each other regarding those relationships .
Finally , all countries likely have been shortsighted , imagining that silence will gain them commercial favors from China .
Unfortunately , this focus on savings distorts understanding and distracts from the real challenge of creating mass consumption markets in developing countries .
Undervalued exchange rates are only one of the policies that countries use to boost exports and restrain imports , so that they run trade surpluses , while their trading partners -LRB- including the US -RRB- run deficits .
These policies encourage corporations to shift output to developing countries , which gain modern production capacity .
This increases developing countries exports and reduces their import demand -LRB- or increases it at a lower rate than export growth -RRB- .
Developing countries need to grow , but nowadays it is easier to acquire capacity and grow through FDI than it is to develop domestic mass consumption markets .
Consequently , rather than facing a savings glut , the global economy faces a problem of demand failure in developing countries .
The challenge is to get corporations to invest in developing countries , but for purposes of producing for local consumers .
That requires expanding markets in developing countries , which means tackling income inequality and getting income into the right hands -- an enormous organizational challenge that is off the radar because economists focus exclusively on savings and supply-side issues .
Labor standards , minimum wages , and unions are part of the solution , as they were in countries that developed successfully .
Countries that substitute government spending for market spending either generate inflationary budget deficits , or end up with excessively high tax rates that destroy incentives .
But no solution is possible until we abandon the savings shortage and savings glut hypotheses and connect today 's global financial imbalances with global production patterns and inadequate demand in developing countries .
The `` many recipes '' thesis is that countries develop successfully by following eclectic policies tailored to specific local conditions rather than by following generic best-practice formulas designed by economic theorists .
Many countries have relied for growth on US consumer spending and investments in outsourcing to supply those consumers .
It is not clear that other countries have the will or capacity to develop alternative engines of growth .
Proponents of a bailout for the Big Three have emphasized the enormous job losses associated with a bankruptcy scenario , including not only jobs directly provided by the automakers , but also jobs with parts suppliers , auto dealers , and in the transport and advertising industries .
Lost wages will reduce consumption , causing additional job cuts , while factory closures will reduce investment , hitting employment in capital goods industries .
True , China has made the kind of economic advances in three decades that required 100 years in Western countries .
Unfortunately , unlike Western countries , we can not afford to wait until our per capita annual GDP reaches $ 10,000 before tackling our environmental problems .
Muslim countries do tend to be characterized by lower levels of inequality and crime -LRB- a good proxy for social exclusion -RRB- than other countries at similar stages of economic development , such as those in Catholic Latin America .
Not according to the political scientist Francis Fukuyama , who suggests that particular social outcomes -LRB- including income levels -RRB- result from the fact that countries are at different stages in a modernization process within which everyone and every society is converging towards a set of universal values .
But if we want to discover the role that a religion like Islam plays in determining a society 's fundamental shape , we can indeed be led astray by making comparisons between different countries or global regions .
We examined Christian Maronites -LRB- who hold beliefs akin to those of Roman Catholicism -RRB- , Muslim Sunnis -LRB- the official religion of most Arab countries -RRB- , and Muslim Shiites -LRB- the official religion of Iran and of Lebanon 's Hizbullah movement -RRB- , and found no evidence of lower inequality among Muslims or less discrimination against women among Christians .
Of course , disproving the idea that different countries have different values is impossible .
After all , Lebanon does have low social mobility , low female labor market participation , and a strong preference for sons , while other countries do not .
Having successfully integrated ten new members in May -- including eight former communist countries with significantly lower levels of economic development -- some argue that the EU should stop there .
But drawing a line under the enlargement process would be both a missed opportunity for the EU and a cruel blow to those countries in the Balkans and elsewhere for whom the prospect of membership is an important incentive for reform and renewal .
Greece and Turkey also worked together to prevent the war in Iraq from spilling over into neighboring countries .
Consider the example of Greek-Turkish relations , which had hardened under the compressed weight of `` establishment '' views that were long entrenched in both countries .
It is in this spirit of cooperation and bridge-building that 56 foreign ministers -- representing the US , Canada , and European countries , including the Russian Federation and the rest of the former Soviet Union -- will meet in Athens on December 1-2 on my invitation to discuss the future of European security .
The Germans fear that such innovations would lead to a rise in domestic borrowing costs , and to direct and indirect fiscal transfers to poorer countries .
Moreover , they warn of the moral hazard generated by relieving over-indebted countries from the pressure to put their public finances in order .
Finally , the need to move ahead with European unification in order to legitimize the inevitable infringement of over-indebted countries ' sovereignty might eventually infringe upon German sovereignty as well .
Sticking to half-measures exacerbates markets ' impatience and provokes increasingly determined speculative attacks , not only on the weaker peripheral countries , but also on core AAA-rated countries -- like France and , eventually , Germany itself -- whose banking sectors hold large volumes of peripheral countries ' debt .
Systemic risk raises doubts about the solvency of over-indebted countries , which means that these countries ' efforts to consolidate their fiscal position and promote reform do not lead to improvement in financial conditions , which is essential for overcoming the crisis and promoting recovery .
It could be argued , for example , that Eurobonds would allow eurozone members to pool their financial strength and , by enhancing the attractiveness of the euro as a reserve currency , hold down borrowing costs to such an extent that AAA-rated countries are not overburdened .
A more substantial constraint would be to establish a tougher disciplinary regime on fiscally profligate countries as part of a reinforced institutional framework .
Of course , in the midst of so much uncertainty , it is remarkable that the over-indebted countries ' consolidation efforts remain broadly on track ; but the European Central Bank 's continued bond-buying and liquidity support is only a temporary palliative .
The eurozone 's cohesion and future growth depend critically on creating a framework -- through grants and loans -- for investment capital to flow to the poorer countries in order to close the competitiveness gap .
Russia 's Illiberal `` Liberal Empire '' Across the West , many people are questioning whether Russia will continue using natural gas as a means of putting economic and political pressure on Ukraine , Georgia , and other countries in what the Kremlin regards as its `` near abroad . ''
Russia 's policy toward the post-Soviet countries is based on the doctrine of a `` liberal empire , '' according to which Russia 's major government-owned and private companies should assume control of key economic entities across the territories of the former Soviet republics by acquiring their assets .
Naturally , the key role in this model is given to the supply of energy to the post-Soviet countries .
Indeed , the left has won in countries in which it has previously never held power .
Most countries fabricate at least some of their history ; or they simply whitewash the bits that do not match their heroic idea of themselves .
The figures in Hong Kong , Singapore , and South Korea are even more remarkable than those in Catholic European countries like Spain , Italy , and Poland .
It does not want to see its industries outdated and uncompetitive .
And if you 're an American , you observe other countries around the world -LRB- especially in Europe -RRB- where people say , `` If only he was ours . ''
1930 's appeasement -- a word that elides diplomatic engagement and the rejection of military options -- was said to remind us of what would happen if South Vietnam was not defended and Iraq not invaded . We know what happened in both countries .
But analogies are not always wrong , and those that were wrong in the past could prove correct today . One of the arguments for the Vietnam War was the so-called domino theory . If South Vietnam was to fall to the Communists , other countries in South-East Asia would tumble before Communist insurgency .
`` Who are you going to believe , '' Groucho once asked , `` me , or your own eyes ? '' For hundreds of millions of citizens in Communist-run countries in the twentieth century , the `` me '' in the question was a dictator or oligarchy ruling with totalitarian or authoritarian powers .
The second application of Groucho 's question was that citizens of most Communist countries soon learned that the loss of freedom that they suffered was not compensated by greater prosperity or a higher quality of life .
The Americans and Europeans committed a major error in conspiring to destroy the Fatah-Hamas national unity government , which was created largely thanks to the diplomacy of Saudi Arabia and other Arab League countries .
Mao 's China at 60 LONDON -- Every country is shaped by its history , but countries fabricate and rewrite their histories , too .
The Oxford development economist Paul Collier reckons that 75 % of the poorest people in the world live in countries that have only recently recovered from conflict or are still in conflict .
Most of them are in Africa . These are countries where it sometimes seems easier to start an uprising than to start a business .
He also points out that less than 5 % of total trade in Africa is undertaken between African countries .
The number of countries in this category is bound to increase as the number of nuclear power reactors doubles over the next 20 years .
Obama clearly recognizes that the NPT needs to be strengthened in order to prevent countries from turning their civil nuclear-power capacity into weapons .
America 's financial difficulties and foreign entanglements , together with China 's economic ascent , led many last year to envisage the emergence of a sort of global condominium between the two countries .
China 's clash with Google and US protests at cyber attacks on American targets remind the outside world , as well as America 's media and political elites , of the difference in values between the two countries .
In many rich OECD countries , the financial crisis and recession have made government intervention popular again .
I suspect that other countries will have to learn that lesson as well .
The public finances of Spain and Portugal are somewhat sounder , but those countries face huge problems in increasing their competitiveness within the eurozone .
We should be on the lookout for political fireworks over the next few years in many European countries as people are forced to confront some uncomfortable verities .
In London , governing arrangements that other countries take for granted look like a radically new type of politics .
Europe has the best environmental record of all the big powers , is the largest provider of development assistance to poor countries , and is politically stable .
That is why so many European countries today face such huge public-sector deficits and , with a falling birth rate and an aging population , we are likely to find that European growth rates will lag still farther behind those of Europe 's competitors in the next few years .
We have to extend our single market to services and energy , change unaffordably generous pension arrangements , invest more in research and development , reform our universities , and channel more money to the job-creating industries of the future , like environmental technology .
Another example of the relationship between ethics and policy is the response that rich countries have made to global social inequity , a deep moral affront to everyone with even a modicum of conscience and sensibility .
In the midst of a gloomy crisis for public spending in Britain , the government has committed itself to sticking to its pledge of spending 0.7 % of GDP on development assistance in poor countries .
So its trade surplus continues to soar at the expense of other countries .
Legal and illegal migration triggers far-right hostility in countries that customarily brag about their commitment to civil liberties .
The United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions no longer reflect the world 's power balance , and , even as the scale of problems common to all countries has increased , their willingness to share sovereignty to tackle them has diminished .
But I did find it curious that The Yacoubian Building was not banned in Egypt -- or in other Arab countries -- and that subsequently it was turned into a popular and widely shown film .
In too many countries , they found women were marginalized -LRB- though , to be fair , not in Tunisia -RRB- , education was dominated by religion , and government was autocratic , unaccountable , and corrupt .
For countries that want such assistance , there is quite a lot of money in the EU 's pockets for this sort of work .
That helped European countries dominate the century as expansionist colonial powers .
Around this historic compromise other countries circled , including those , like the United Kingdom , that were originally skeptical of the entire enterprise .
Whatever his other many failings , he has a pretty good record on aid to poor countries , particularly in healthcare .
This was a faster response than some other countries have made to the global food crisis .
Other countries argue that it is about disarmament , and that the nuclear countries have clearly agreed to work towards giving up their nuclear weapons .
It now seems clear that if we want a non-proliferation treaty with more teeth -- for example , tougher monitoring and surveillance -- countries with nuclear weapons will have to honor what others believe is their side of an unfair bargain .
Dialogue on political reform , and euros to support it , helped further the process in some countries , notably Morocco and Jordan .
Second , however slow we have been in opening up a real Mediterranean market , the barriers to freer trade between Arab League countries are just as great .
The American Leader We Need LONDON -- Around the world , America 's presidential election campaign has attracted as much attention as domestic political controversies in each of our own countries .
Developing countries -- where resources to prevent and treat infectious diseases are scarce -- are most vulnerable to other infectious diseases associated with climate change as well .
The Benefits of US-China Strategic Economic Dialogue In recognition of the importance and complexity of the US-China economic relationship , in September 2006 President George W. Bush and President Hu Jintao created the `` Strategic Economic Dialogue '' between our countries .
Likewise , for both our countries , greater energy efficiency and security requires reliance upon market price signals , technology , innovation , and diversified energy sources .
Numerous other countries , notably European Union members , share our concerns .
Finally , after welcoming foreign investment , which contributed greatly to Chinese manufacturing growth and export competitiveness , some in China would now tighten restrictions on foreign investment to protect China 's domestic industries .
To turn back would jeopardize the long-term strategic interests of both countries for short-term political expediency .
The decline has so far been masked in the developed world by seafood products that were not previously available , such as farmed salmon , and by massive fish imports from developing countries .
Moreover , because this type of aquaculture is based predominantly in developing countries -LRB- mainly in China , but also in countries such as the Philippines and Bangladesh -RRB- , it supplies cheap animal protein right where it is needed .
It has led to massive imports by developed countries -- where this type of aquaculture predominates -- of fishmeal from fish caught and ground up in developing countries .
The patterns of charitable donation to foreign countries often have more to do with the salience of news reports than to actual considerations about where the money is most needed .
Such hostility has made the local operations of extractive industries problematic and costly : witness Royal Dutch Shell 's experience in the Niger Delta .
This implies an important role for the jurisdictions in which these companies are registered , for they have the power to set the rules by which the extractive industries operate .
Global oversight of resource extraction is a perfect economic-development issue for the G-20 , not least because the theatrical pledges of aid to poor countries that were the stuff of G-8 meetings have now been recognized as empty rhetoric .
It is easier to vote to spend millions of dollars to eradicate poppy\/coca production in poor countries than confront addiction at home .
Chirac chided EU candidate countries for behaving irresponsibly when they expressed support for America 's effort to disarm Iraq with the use of force if need be .
The French president spoke of `` infantilism '' on the part of the candidate countries and said that they should have consulted first with the EU or else remained silent .
He also suggested that those countries were putting their chances of joining the EU in jeopardy .
Many people in the candidate countries have long been convinced that their countries wo n't be admitted to the EU as equals .
Their objections range from lower farm subsidies for the candidate countries to the new decision-making mechanism in the EU that was adopted at the Nice summit two years ago .
Many people view that mechanism as being intended to strengthen the power of the EU 's big members to the detriment of small countries .
Public opinion in some candidate countries was ambivalent about the EU even before Chirac 's remarks .
Even stalwart supporters of EU membership may feel that their countries are not being treated as equals if they are bullied for holding a different opinion than bigger members .
At any rate , Chirac has handed Euroskeptics new ammunition with which to target the `` no '' vote ahead of EU membership referenda in the candidate countries later this year .
France and Germany fail to grasp that the candidate countries ' support for the US is not aimed against `` old Europe . ''
Nor should France and Germany regard support for the US in the candidate countries as tantamount to approval of a war against Iraq or any other country .
Indeed , public opinion in all candidate countries is against a military action in Iraq . The candidate countries have simply shown loyalty to the US at a time when the US needs them .
The candidate countries are caught between a rock and a hard place .
He did not attack Great Britain , Spain , or Italy for their pro-American stance as he did for the East Europeans , which made his remarks sound all the more jarring to the ears of people in the candidate countries .
Even so , he seemed to be telling them that France and Germany come first , ahead of all other current members , to say nothing of the candidate countries .
Indeed , his broadside may effectively kill some of the reforms , currently being discussed at the EU Convention , which aim to streamline decision-making within the EU by creating institutions that would , in effect , give more power to countries with bigger populations .
Such reforms can work only if the big member states do not succumb to the temptation to use these mechanisms to bypass or ride roughshod over the interests of the small countries .
The new members could , of course , benefit from investment pouring in from current EU countries .
With the economic benefits of EU membership now seeming much less than expected , the intensity of pro-EU sentiments in the candidate countries has significantly declined .
Although overwhelming majorities voted in favor of membership in virtually all candidate countries where membership referendums have taken place , many people did not turn out to vote .
To make matters even more complicated , East European countries will join the EU at a time when it has initiated a major internal reform embodied by a new European Constitution .
Given their experiences with the drawn-out enlargement process , most candidate countries are leery about the motives of some large EU countries .
If those countries have been egoistic in the past fourteen years , why should candidates believe they would not misuse new decision-making mechanisms to the detriment of small countries -- hence the opposition of some candidate countries to creating the post of a European president .
Such fears have also been strengthened by schizophrenic behavior , particularly French President Jacques Chirac 's chastising candidate countries for voicing support for the US regarding Iraq .
Voters in Italy , France , the Netherlands , or Austria - the countries in which post-fascist or extreme-right parties incited the greatest concerns - gradually realized that mainstream democratic forces in Europe would allow extremist parties only limited influence in the European Parliament and other EU institutions .
These countries , after some delay , are following in the footsteps of some postcommunist nations in Central Europe , where nationalist\/populist parties , such as the Movement for a Democratic Slovakia of Vladimir Meciar , retarded democratization and market reform a decade ago .
As in Western Europe , in most postcommunist countries that will become EU members in May 2004 , both political radicalism and nationalism have been neutralized at the cost of being to some extent embraced by mainstream political parties .
Milder versions of nationalist , euroskeptic , or xenophobic slogans can now be heard from political parties such as the Czech Republic 's Civic Democrats or Hungary 's Fidesz , the largest opposition forces in those countries .
First , unlike the postcommunist countries of Central Europe , they lack Western political and philosophical traditions .
Second , because the role of the state has traditionally been strong in these countries - the democratic separation of powers and efforts to introduce the rule of law are relatively new developments - corporatist tendencies that characterized , for example , Italian fascism in the 1930 's , remain potent .
So , at least in these three countries , the rise of post-fascist tendencies , nationalism , and political extremism may not be temporary , as in Central Europe , or remain the marginal phenomena witnessed recently in Western Europe .
The last of the three countries is a candidate for EU membership in 2007 , and the accession process has had a moderating effect on Romanian politics .
The international community , especially the EU , can offer few incentives to encourage moderate politics in these two countries .
While some countries - - say , Poland - strongly supported America 's war effort , others tried to balance their support for the US with their `` understanding '' of the views of Germany and France .
Industrialized and urbanized countries , with relatively small agricultural sectors , such as the Czech Republic , Slovenia , or Slovakia , have different concerns than Poland , where farmers form 20 % of the population .
Moreover , communism in those states was different than that practiced in the three Baltic countries , which were part of the Soviet Union .
At the start of the 1990 's , following communism 's fall , the common experiences and the shared legacy of Czechoslovakia , Hungary , and Poland were behind the idea of creating the so-called `` Visegrad Group , '' with the aim of coordinating the three countries ' efforts to join the EU and NATO .
Although the leaders of Poland , Hungary , the Czech Republic and Slovakia recently declared they wanted to keep the Visegrad grouping alive even after their countries ' enter the EU , the future of Visegrad cooperation is uncertain .
Once in the Union , Poland will have an even freer hand , unconstrained by the need to support the aspirations of other East European countries .
If these countries join the hard core of European integration , while others , Poland in particular , opt to stay out , it would create a dividing line between them , burying Visegrad cooperation .
The three Baltic states will most likely cooperate much more closely with the Scandinavian countries than with the other new members .
Some argue that these countries are inherently unstable .
Although most citizens in these countries supported EU membership , many thought that their governments paid too high a price .
Even before attaining EU membership , all candidate countries ' governments had to start adopting measures aimed at meeting the Maastricht criteria within several years , because the new members had committed themselves in their accession treaties to adopting the euro .
The fiasco of the European Union 's summit in Brussels has brought into sharp relief differences in attitudes between most new member countries from East Central Europe and the `` old '' members .
Perhaps surprisingly for many , such differences were not played out according to the expected script , in which the new members would be ruthlessly pragmatic , and demanding as much EU money as they could get , while most Western countries would in the end tone down their national egoism in favor of the decades-old ideals of European integration .
In view of some big countries ' intense national egoism , the failure to agree on the EU 's 2007-2013 budget could have ominous political consequences for Europe .
Cynics may argue that the new member countries could afford to make such concessions because they would end up with hefty EU subsidies anyway .
Perhaps this was because the eastern countries ' attitudes are more driven by recent historical memories and experiences .
In a mere 15 years , all of these countries have endured economic and political changes unprecedented in their scope and speed in the history of Europe .
For most of these countries , EU membership was not merely a ticket to economic prosperity , paid for by rich EU old-timers .
Moreover , the EU offers the small countries sandwiched between Germany and Russia a degree of political stability and security that they never had in modern history .
Sitting on the sidelines , emerging-market economies in general , and the so-called BRIC countries -LRB- Brazil , Russia , India , and China -RRB- in particular , may feel fortunate to be spared this financial maelstrom .
With closely integrated global financial markets and trading networks , financial crises and economic contractions in the developed economies , which still account for nearly 60 % of the world 's GDP , will inevitably undermine emerging-market countries ' prosperity .
Some have thus called upon major emerging countries to step up and use their huge foreign-exchange reserves to purchase the debt of crisis-ravaged countries , such as Greece , Italy , and Spain .
But that does not mean that we can afford to ignore an obvious threat from countries that want to destroy us .
It should also positively respond to offers from the US to establish confidence-building measures between the two countries ' military forces , particularly their navies .
But rather than insist as a matter of principle on operating the fuel cycle independently under national sovereignty , Iran could engage the Saudis about their idea of a regional joint venture , or explore different options of multilateral consortia with other countries .
The willingness of major countries to accept Iran with a nuclear status similar to Japan depends on whether Iran not only refers to itself as a status-quo power -- which it occasionally does -- but whether it acts as such .
BERLIN -- The people of Tunisia and Egypt have shown that democracy in Arab countries need not come at the barrel of a Western gun .
This will be impossible without external support . Given the myriad links between the European Union countries and the Mediterranean 's southern rim , Europe must not miss this opportunity .
The countries of North Africa also need energy -- particularly more electricity and new networks to support urban and industrial development .
Indeed , the availability of uninterrupted electricity often makes the difference between , say , a shoemaker 's workshop and a shoe factory . And these countries have the most suitable environment for solar thermal power production .
But , to make this scheme more concrete , I would suggest augmenting it with a `` pact for labor and skills '' between the EU and the Arab countries that choose a path to democratic transformation .
Tunisia , Egypt , and the other Southern Mediterranean countries have an abundance of young people with degrees and no jobs , who often also need to acquire practical skills .
As a practical step , the EU and its member states should offer 30,000 visas and work permits annually for graduates from participating Mediterranean countries .
At the end of that period , participants would receive soft business-startup loans from European development banks to create employment in their countries of origin .
It would show young people from Tunisia , Egypt , and other transformation countries that there are other options than getting on a boat to the Italian island of Lampedusa .
And it would address real needs in the Southern Mediterranean countries -- improving professional skills , reducing the pressure on the local labor market , creating businesses and jobs -- as well as in Europe .
But , while this `` burden '' might , in fact , benefit aging European countries , the risk is relatively low in the first place : Arab countries entering such a pact would be better governed than they were under the previous regimes .
At long last , these countries ' demographic wealth would be used to meet their development needs .
Similarly , the South-East European Cooperation Process is one of the relatively new regional organizations that contribute to candidate and potential candidate countries ' preparations for EU membership , providing the first genuine region-wide policy forum where both EU members and candidates participate .
Certainly , the pace of candidate countries ' approach to the Union depends on the speed of their reforms .
And Europe , with the vital support of the United States , worked hard to stop the carnage of the 1990 's and subsequently to help rebuild the Balkan countries .
If not , one would have to ask what had happened to the European spirit of the 1970 's and 1980 's , when countries such as Greece , Portugal , and Spain , which had just emerged from dictatorship and civil unrest , were welcomed into the European community of democratic states .
The most recent EU members , Bulgaria and Romania , are both in the Balkans and both are examples of countries with special needs .
While the EU at first took their accession negotiations a bit too casually , it subsequently decided to continue monitoring the two countries even after accession in order to ensure that they develop the effective administrative and judicial systems that are an obligation of membership .
But despite all the policy action and talk since then , none of these suggestions has been adopted by G20 countries .
Much of the fiscal `` stimulus '' to consumers causes companies to hang onto employees a little longer rather than to release them to export and import-competing industries that are expanding .
The problems of war-ravaged countries are far more acute and their choices much more constrained .
Social exclusion in industrial countries imposes costs throughout society that policymakers must address with effective and targeted measures .
So what these countries need are more employment opportunities and higher salaries in the private sector for these workers .
In countries coming out of war or other conflicts , efforts at inclusion are futile in stagnant economies .
Without both dynamism and inclusion , the path to peace will be elusive , as recent experiences in Kosovo , East Timor , Afghanistan , Iraq , and many countries in Africa illustrate .
Economic recovery needs to begin as soon as possible , not only because this is essential to maintaining political and social stability , but also because donors are unwilling to support economic reconstruction unless countries do their part to create an environment conducive to ensuring its sustainability .
Most countries in post-conflict situations suffer from weak fiscal positions , rendering the provision of internally financed subsidies impractical in most cases .
Moreover , foreign assistance , while stable in `` normal '' developing countries , often exhibits sharp spikes in countries undergoing war-to-peace transitions .
Low-income countries in the normal process of development , for example , receive steady inflows of official foreign assistance of about 3 % of their gross national income .
The United Nations reckons that if economic reconstruction fails in terms of promoting dynamism and inclusion , countries in the transition to peace have an even chance of reverting to war .
This policy has often led to programs that countries do not want and to employment of foreign experts for tasks that nationals could and should have performed .
At least in developed countries -- but increasingly in underdeveloped ones as well -- the problem is no longer one of access to information , but of the lack of ability to process and make sense of that information .
Only 20 of the 198 countries on Earth have reached that age .
If we compare ourselves to the rest of Latin America , the truth is that we have done things very well , especially in the last 25 years , during which we went from being one of the poorest countries on the continent to having the highest per capita income in the region .
We have set the goal of growing at an average of 6 % annually , in order to attain , by 2018 , the per capita GDP now enjoyed by European countries such as Portugal and the Czech Republic .
And globalization and new technologies have torn down the wall that for centuries separated the rich and prosperous countries of the North from the poor and underdeveloped countries of the South .
This revolution will be tremendously generous to those countries that embrace it -- and utterly indifferent , even cruel , to those that ignore it or let it pass by .
In this twenty-first century , emerging countries like Chile must invest in the pillars of modern society .
But why did farmers in Kenya and other African countries not have access to drought-resistant crop varieties before catastrophe struck ?
Unfortunately , Kenya 's government listened and did not permit their farmers to grow genetically modified -LRB- GM -RRB- maize , even though it has been approved , sown , harvested , and eaten by both humans and animals in South Africa , Argentina , Brazil , the United States , and other countries for many years .
Similarly , a large share of farmers -- most of them smallholders -- in Argentina , Brazil , South Africa , China , India , and other countries , prefer GM seed because they make more money from the resulting crops .
If so , they should choose an issue for their campaign that would be less damaging to the poor and hungry in developing countries .
The problem with this saying is the paranoid mindset behind it , for it implies that the nature of Russian-US relations has not changed fundamentally since the Cold War 's end ; that the animosities that exist between the two countries are those of two permanently implacable geopolitical opponents .
To maintain their influence , it seems , they believe that they need to create an image of America as Russia 's implacable enemy , which , by extending NATO membership to ex-communist countries , is bringing an existential threat right to the country 's doorstep .
But a new strategic alliance between the two countries is not likely , as it is China that poses the greatest strategic threat to Russia , although many in the Kremlin seem blind to this as they rattle sabers at America and the West .
According to Chinese theorists , the `` vital space '' of great powers extends far beyond a state 's borders , whereas the `` vital space '' of weak countries is limited to strategic boundaries that do not always correspond to the borders of their national territory .
In fact , conflict between Russia and China is possible precisely in Central Asia , given the clear differences in the two countries ' economic and political interests in that region .
Thus , as the Kremlin dreams of re-establishing its domination over what Russians refer to as the `` near abroad '' -LRB- Ukraine , Belarus , the Baltic countries , and the other post-Soviet states -RRB- , China is increasingly looking at Russia as its own `` near abroad . ''
Now it is becoming increasingly difficult for them to explain why their wives and children are buying palaces in the capitals of countries that are supposedly Russia 's sworn enemies .
Demonstratively hostile to the interests of both Belarus and Ukraine , the pipeline is intended to ensure that these countries are under Russia 's energy thumb , regardless of who is in power in Minsk and Kiev .
Western countries should write off half a trillion dollars ' worth of debt owed to them by the Russian state corporations run by his pals from the Dresden KGB and the Ozero dacha cooperative .
Nowadays , the first thing countries trying to get rich seem to do is import dozens of lawyers .
In Eastern Europe , former communist countries applying for European Union membership must harmonize their laws with those of the EU .
Importing laws and legal standards has dominated attempts by former communist countries to join the West .
Even after Europe 's empires retreated , laws were still exported in order to foster development in post-colonial countries .
Countries that developed their formal legal order internally develop more effective legal institutions than those who rely - or were forced to rely - on legal transplants .
Countries that actively select legal norms from elsewhere , adapting them to local conditions , are on a par with countries that develop their legal order internally when it comes to the effectiveness of legal institutions .
Perhaps the effectiveness of legal institutions in developing countries and emerging markets is not the only goal .
If countries that adopt standards are defined as `` safe '' investments , foreign investors can justify their actions even if things go badly wrong .
As the push to transplant legal norms grows , international agencies should focus on helping countries make their laws effective in practice , not just on paper .
This will provide recipient countries a clearer understanding of the context in which these institutions operate and the complexity of the tasks ahead .
Shortly before the Busan meeting , the countries of southern Europe announced major consolidation efforts in the hope of soothing debt markets .
The advanced countries face a dismal budgetary situation , with deficits averaging 9 % of GDP in 2009 and the prospect of public-debt ratios rising from roughly 70 % of GDP prior to the crisis to more than 100 % of GDP in 2015 .
While some countries in the past undertook adjustments of similar magnitude , a generalized consolidation of this sort is without precedent .
In the past , some countries have enjoyed tearless consolidation , because the launch of a retrenchment program was accompanied by a drop in long-term interest rates , a decline in private savings , or a surge in exports thanks to exchange-rate depreciation -LRB- or all of these at the same time -RRB- .
The US fiscal position is no better than that of major European countries like Germany , France , or the United Kingdom ; in fact , it is worse .
It is only because the EU is fragmented , so markets started off by questioning the solvency of the weakest countries within it , and because Europe does not benefit from a safe-haven effect that it was the first to suffer the pressure .
Whatever the emerging world does to sustain domestic demand and reorient exports from advanced countries to other emerging countries , the European and US elephants -LRB- not to mention Japan -RRB- are just too big for their illness to have no effect on world growth .
Second , the growth differential between emerging and advanced countries will widen , which will in turn intensify flows of capital and skilled labor towards the developing world .
Third , the advanced countries will need monetary support , which implies low policy rates for years to come , while the monetary needs in the emerging and developing countries will be radically different .
These transfers are significant for poor countries : about ¤ 300 per person for Greece and Portugal every year from 2000 to 2006 .
Conceptually , the eurozone must include solidarity with countries facing hardship , because this is what unites and gives strength to the whole -- but without the heavy machinery of a federal budget or a permanent increase in transfers .
This is what inspired the decision taken in May to create the European Financial Stability Facility -LRB- EFSF -RRB- , by which assistance can be provided , jointly with the International Monetary Fund , to partner countries in times of crisis .
So , are we in 1936 , and does the budgetary tightening contemplated in many countries risk provoking a similar double-dip recession ?
What history tells us here is that defaults are not the privilege of poor , under-governed countries .
This was the case under the gold-based monetary regimes such as the Gold Standard of the nineteenth century , and it is the case today for countries that have relinquished their monetary autonomy , such as the members of the eurozone .
Moreover , the report assumes that monetary policy can offset part of the shock , which may not be true where near-zero interest rates already prevail -- or in the euro area where the effort may vary across countries while monetary policy is uniform .
So the impact of new regulations on countries where banks are significantly under-capitalized could easily be four or five times larger than the headline figure -- say , in the vicinity of a percentage point at a four-year horizon .
There was no sign of the more radical ideas that emerged later in the debate , such as the so-called Volcker rule separating banks and hedge funds -LRB- which is reflected in the US legislation -RRB- , or a crisis-resolution mechanism whereby bank debt is converted semi-automatically into equity -LRB- which several countries are considering -RRB- .
Emerging-market countries are turning to an array of techniques to discourage capital inflows or sterilize their effect on the exchange rate .
But even the ECB can not be indifferent to the risks of appreciation , because a strong euro may seriously complicate economic adjustment in countries like Spain , Portugal , Greece , and Ireland .
But everyone can not have a weak currency at the same time , so , in 1944 , responsibility for preventing beggar-thy-neighbor depreciation was assigned to the International Monetary Fund , whose Articles of Agreement mandate it to `` exercise firm surveillance over the exchange-rate policies '' of member countries .
But this would ignore a fundamental asymmetry between advanced and emerging countries .
According to the IMF , real output in advanced countries this year will still be below 2007 levels , whereas it will be 16 % higher in emerging and developing countries .
Looking ahead , advanced countries will continue to struggle with the fallout of the 2008 crisis , especially with the deleveraging of indebted households and dire public finances .
The IMF also reckons that the advanced countries must cut spending or increase taxes by nine percentage points of GDP on average over the current decade , in order to bring the public-debt ratio to 60 % of GDP by 2030 .
Emerging countries , however , do not need any consolidation to keep their debt ratio at 40 % of GDP .
The relative price of the goods produced in the advanced countries -LRB- their real exchange rate -RRB- needs to depreciate vis-à-vis the emerging countries in order to compensate for the expected shortfall in internal demand .
The only difference is that , if exchange rates remain fixed , advanced countries will have to go through a protracted period of low inflation -LRB- or even deflation -RRB- , which will make their debt burden even harder to bear , and emerging countries will have to enter an inflationary period as capital flows in , driving up reserves , increasing the money supply , and ultimately boosting the price level .
But , compared to July 2007 , at the onset of the crisis , exchange rates between advanced and emerging countries have barely changed .
For each central bank , the question is not what happens to , say , emerging countries as a whole , but what happens to its own currency vis-à-vis competitors .
Quantitative easing in the advanced countries also raises a question of coordination .
The controversy over China 's exchange-rate policy thus is no mere bilateral US-China trade dispute , but rather a global macroeconomic clash between advanced and emerging countries .
Moreover , the lack of coordination in both advanced and emerging countries suggests that the solution to currency wars is not to declare a truce , but to recognize the nature of the issue and overcome the problems that stand in the way of agreed common solutions .
The recent IMF\/World Bank annual meetings indicate that this is gradually being recognized , with emerging countries increasingly critical of China 's inflexibility .
Emerging countries hold a similar opinion : they want their current problems to be solved but are not ready to re-write the rules of the game .
When the rules of the global monetary game are unclear , inadequate , or obsolete , countries can not abide by them , and some may attempt to exploit them to their own advantage .
Developed countries ' currencies have been floating against each other for several decades , but this has been only partly true of emerging and developing countries .
But fixed exchange rates often lead to undervaluation -LRB- as in China -RRB- or overvaluation -LRB- as in Argentina at the beginning of the 2000 's , and , in a different context , several eurozone countries now -RRB- .
The touchstone is currently the renminbi -- not so much because of China 's bilateral relationship with the US , but because other emerging and developing countries monitor the renminbi-dollar exchange rate in setting their own policy .
The US Federal Reserve argues , with some justification , that its quantitative easing is compatible with price stability , while Europe and several emerging countries deem it beggar-thy-neighbor behavior .
This is the International Monetary Fund 's role , but the IMF 's mandate is just that -- surveillance , not enforcement . It is also the G-20 's role , but neither the US nor the emerging countries are keen on collective constraints .
Emerging countries are inundated with capital inflows one day , and faced with abrupt and equally destabilizing outflows the next .
To prevent their currencies from appreciating too much in the first case and falling too far in the second , emerging countries have accumulated foreign-exchange reserves , two-thirds of which are denominated in dollars .
But suspicion of the IMF persists , and most countries , especially in Asia , still prefer costly self-insurance to a form of mutualization perceived as uncertain .
The tax burden has increased by ten percentage points of GDP in 15 years , to a level -LRB- 35 % -RRB- that puts Brazil at odds with countries with similar per capita income levels .
Over the longer term , population aging represents a major challenge for a social-security system that already spends , as a share of GDP , as much as developed countries , where the share of the population 65 and over is twice that of Brazil .
Banks have begun to de-centralize essential functions , re-locating market and treasury operations , liquidity and capital management , and risk management , for example , in different countries .
Banks nowadays create products and IT platforms to serve their customers in all their countries of operation ; so separate prudential assessments of units in these cross-border groups , be they subsidiaries or branches , is hardly rational .
Capital adequacy and liquidity risks should be assessed on a group level , rather than country by country ; how capital and risks are divided between countries is less important .
Recent attempts to remedy this under the Capital Requirements Directive have been disappointing , even though it was plainly the best that could be achieved politically given EU countries ' differing views on prudential supervision .
Even when implementing directives , EU member countries are often tempted to `` gold-plate '' them by introducing extra rules .
The strategy 's most promising prospects include the promotion of industrial upgrading , niche industries , and competitiveness-boosting cluster projects that aim to make Thailand a global and regional hub for food , fashion , tourism , automobiles , and healthcare .
Under Thaksin , Thailand graduated from aid recipient and became a donor country for the first time , having turned away development assistance from countries like Japan .
The Battle of the Temples BANGKOK -- The military skirmishes between Thailand and Cambodia that have claimed more than two dozen lives , caused scores of injuries , and displaced tens of thousands of people since February are primarily attributable to domestic politics in both countries .
Cambodia wants to multilateralize the border conflict as much as Thailand tries to limit it to bilateral negotiations .
Third , where risks are regional or global rather than local , many national governments , especially in poorer and smaller countries , may drag their heels in the hope that larger and richer countries will bear the costs of addressing them .
Knowing this , larger and richer countries may be reluctant to take precautionary measures , as this would reward and thus encourage `` free riding . ''
Fourth , countries are poor often because of weak , inefficient , or corrupt government , characteristics that may disable them from taking cost-justified precautions .
Bolivia destroys the myth that Third World countries are too poor to be green , and casts serious doubt on the famous `` environmental Kuznets Curve '' -- the theory that environmental quality correlates with wealth .
The basic idea is that , when comparing incomes across countries , variations in purchasing power should be taken into account .
The World Bank and some other organizations have , collectively , gathered a massive amount of data -- covering 1,000 similar products in 146 countries -- to construct comparable international prices .
Price levels in China and India , among other developing countries , turn out to be much higher than previously estimated .
Hence , their real per capita incomes are lower relative to other countries .
All that has changed is that both countries have been downgraded to smaller roles on the world stage .
Whatever one makes of the data , the number of people leading lives of quiet desperation in these countries is unconscionably large .
The US must recognize that , while the countries of the region look to the US to balance -- or at least leaven -- China 's growing influence , they are unlikely to be interested in getting caught up in any containment strategy .
Charity in Hard Times PRINCETON -- As I tour the U.S. promoting my new book , The Life You Can Save : Acting Now to End World Poverty , I am often asked if this is n't the wrong time to call on affluent people to increase their effort to end poverty in other countries .
Without in any way minimizing the economic and psychological blow that people experience when they lose their jobs , the unemployed in affluent countries still have a safety net , in the form of social security payments , and usually free health care and free education for their children .
The poor in developing countries have none of these benefits , which proves fatal for an estimated 18 million of them each year .
We may feel the pain of falling back from a level of affluence to which we have grown accustomed , but most people in developed countries are still , by historical standards , extraordinarily well off .
If extreme poverty is allowed to increase , it will give rise to new problems , including new diseases that will spread from countries that can not provide adequate health care to those that can .
Nearly nine years ago , at the Millennium Development Summit in New York , the leaders of 180 countries , including all the major affluent nations , promised that by 2015 they would together achieve the Millennium Development Goals .
If we cut back on aid , we will fail to keep our promise , and poorer countries will learn , once again , that rich countries ' actions fall short of their inspiring rhetoric about reducing world poverty .
That is not a good basis for future cooperation between rich and poor countries on issues such as climate change .
The way to change such a perception would be to marshal evidence against it , and to make the case that human rights -- including the rights of women -- are as well protected in Islamic countries as they are in non-Islamic countries .
Kagame then suggested giving every country an annual per capita quota for CO2 emissions , and allowing developing countries that are below the quota to trade their excess quota with countries that are above theirs .
The money that developing countries would receive for this would not be aid , but rather a recognition that the rich nations must pay for something that in the past they simply appropriated : far more than their fair share of our atmosphere 's capacity to absorb our waste gases .
As Sri Lanka 's government pointed out , `` That means low-emitting countries like us could not emit more because our space has already been exploited by developed or global heavy polluting countries without our consent . ''
In some countries , including the United States , there are major political obstacles to taking even modest steps .
People living in other industrialized countries find this difficult to understand . They have a right to health care , and even conservative governments do not attempt to take that right away .
But , given developed countries ' aging populations , the cost of caring for the elderly is bound to rise .
In countries that provide free health care to their citizens , it is extraordinarily difficult for officials to tell anyone that the government will not pay for the only drug or medical device that can save their life -- or their child 's life .
No one likes putting a dollar value on a human life , but the fact is that we already do , implicitly , by failing to give enough support to organizations working in developing countries .
The World Health Organization estimates that its immunization programs in developing countries cost about $ 300 per life saved -- lives that are saved not for a year , but usually for a lifetime .
Nevertheless , the distinction is important and seems lost on the US -- and a host of other countries -- which have lumped the nationalist groups together with Al-Qaeda and Jemaah Islamiyah -LRB- JI -RRB- in their lists of terrorist organizations .
But by far the biggest transfer of assets from rich countries to the developing world takes place through migrant workers ' remittances .
In 2006 , around 150 million migrants sent roughly $ 300 billion to their families in developing countries .
The value of all ODA in 2006 was $ 126 billion , less than half the value of private remittances , even though it includes assistance from OECD and non-OECD countries , as well as from China .
If the recession costs migrants their jobs in richer host countries and forces them to return home to their countries of origin , millions of already poor people will be thrown into greater poverty .
In 2006 , poorer European countries received about $ 50 billion , Africa got $ 38 billion , Latin America and the Caribbean $ 68 billion , the Middle East $ 24 billion .
In all , an estimated 10 % of the world 's population is estimated to benefit from remittances , with 57 countries each receiving $ 1 billion or more annually .
Indeed , some countries are dependent on this income flow .
Some of these countries are either in conflict or are fragile states , so a diminishing flow of remittances will aggravate their instability , and perhaps increase the flow of migration to other countries .
So they should weigh tax breaks that might entice employers to keep migrant workers on the payrolls , as this would probably be a much more efficient way to support these poor countries .
Sending money to some countries is now allowed only through formal banking channels , and this has created virtual monopolies while also preventing remittance money from reaching rural areas where banks do n't operate .
Restrictive legal rules in some countries exclude migrants from using official banking systems unless they have the necessary legal status .
Other countries , however , have taken steps to make remittance transfers possible via mobile phones .
Even after the crises of the 1990s , institutional arrangements in many countries still fail to establish these conditions .
The trend in many countries towards unification of supervisory functions should be regarded as a golden opportunity to strengthen as well as to harmonize regulatory arrangements throughout their financial sectors .
To the extent that this remains the case , countries will treat financial stability as a secondary interest - just as they treated inflation when monetary policy was subject to direct government intervention .
On a smaller scale , European countries like Germany , Poland , and the Czech Republic have also suffered serious flooding .
As ultra-low interest rates in industrial countries send capital around the world searching for higher yields , a number of emerging-market central banks are intervening heavily , buying the foreign-capital inflows and re-exporting them in order to keep their currencies from appreciating .
So , one reason countries do not like capital inflows is that it means more domestic demand `` leaks '' outside .
Another reason that countries do not like foreign capital inflows is that some of it might be `` hot '' -LRB- or dumb -RRB- money , eager to come in when foreign interest rates are low and local asset prices are rising , and quick to leave at the first sign of trouble or when opportunities back home beckon .
If countries could maintain discipline and limit spending by their households , firms , or governments , foreign capital would not be needed , and could be re-exported easily , without much effect on the recipient economy .
Problems arise when countries can not -- or will not -- spend sensibly .
Unfortunately , though , so long as some countries like China , Germany , Japan , and the oil exporters pump surplus goods into the world economy , not all countries can trim their spending to stay within their means .
Since the world does not export to Mars , some countries have to absorb these goods , and accept the capital inflows that finance their consumption .
This is what makes today 's beggar-thy-neighbor policies so destructive : though some countries will eventually have to absorb the surpluses and capital , each country is trying to avoid them .
Any policy of intervening in the exchange rate , or imposing import tariffs or capital controls , tends to force other countries to make greater adjustments .
But industrial countries , too , intervene substantially in markets .
Rather than intervening to obtain a short-term increase in their share of slow-growing global demand , it makes sense for countries to make their economies more balanced and efficient over the medium term .
Countries around the world are embracing shortsighted policies that cater to the immediate needs of domestic constituencies .
As a result , unemployed workers had to find jobs in new industries , which took more time and training .
The build-up of public debt in industrial countries -LRB- which was rising briskly well before the Great Recession pushed it to near-unsustainable levels -RRB- reflects this kind of calculus .
With governments in many developed countries now reaching the limits of their gap-filling capacity , three undesirable possibilities loom large -LRB- in addition to the desirable possibility that they will have no choice but to undertake long-postponed reforms that will create sustainable growth with less need for government buffers -RRB- .
Democratic institutions in industrial countries are stronger , and have deeper roots , than was the case in the 1930s .
Unfortunately , several countries are taking this path , with undocumented immigrants and Muslims being the first targets .
Unemployed workers had to find jobs in new industries , which took more time and training .
Likewise , money fleeing low US interest rates -LRB- and , more generally , industrial countries -RRB- has pushed up emerging-market equity and real-estate prices , setting them up for a fall -LRB- as we witnessed recently with the flight to safety following Europe 's financial turmoil -RRB- .
Thus , Arab countries grow water-hungry grain in the desert , and China acquires part ownership of oil companies in Sudan .
For example , in large countries like the United States or China , which account for a significant portion of world demand , the world price of oil is likely to be high when the country is growing strongly and citizens have lots of income , whereas the price is likely to be low when the country is doing poorly .
Even if owning oil assets is a useful hedge -LRB- as in a small , oil-consuming country -RRB- , it is not clear that buying stakes in opaque companies in foreign countries is the best strategy .
But perhaps what countries really fear is not so much high prices but a total market breakdown and descent into an autarkic `` Mad Max '' world in which oil is scarce , no country is willing to allow trade in the oil it produces , and there is no world market clearing price .
Indeed , one can imagine black marketeers and smugglers buying where grain is available and transporting it to sell to countries where it is not .
Unless governments build leak-proof barriers around their countries -- and the costs would likely be prohibitive -- an implicit world market would be re-established .
Nevertheless , and understandably , many countries make decisions to locate production locally and to protect it against foreign trade , fearing market breakdown through war , trade sanctions , or simply shortsighted decisions by foreign governments to protect their own populations from price increases .
International agreement to ensure that countries do not prohibit exports , especially of critical commodities , except under severely -LRB- and verifiably -RRB- adverse domestic circumstances , would help reduce fear of market breakdown .
Even though the world economy is desperately in need of rebalancing , their declaration was deliberately vague enough to accommodate any set of domestic policies that countries might choose .
Unfortunately , the macroeconomic changes that countries must make involve actions to which even heads of state are unable to commit .
So we are caught between a financially unsustainable pattern of global demand and the need for politically difficult changes in many countries ' domestic policies .
The G-20 asked the International Monetary Fund to prepare a road map for the policies that countries will have to follow to restore stable global growth .
If the IMF reoriented a substantial portion of its activities towards influencing the influential among the world 's public , it could have far more impact on global macroeconomic policy , especially policies followed by countries that do not need its loans , than it does today .
Countries will have to agree to accept and facilitate the IMF 's direct engagement with their influential citizenry as long as it is carried out in good faith .
The best hope for an enduring market democracy in countries like Iraq lies in building the countervailing economic power of professionals and entrepreneurs .
Is it benefiting all EU countries , and will it persist as EU enlargement proceeds ?
They also have the ability to organize successfully against the market , particularly in small countries , where incumbents form a well-defined group whose members often attended the same elite schools , frequent the same clubs , and intermarry .
The question is not whether Europe should move toward a market-based financial system . The real question is whether Europe retains the political will to continue to do so , and whether EU countries can strengthen the institutions necessary to reap the full benefits of financial markets .
The EU can buck this anti-market trend by promoting structural reforms in southern European countries and focussing on enlargement to increase economic competition .
In time , the IAEA became a nuclear brain bank , assisting developing countries with their peaceful nuclear needs .
Today , this responsibility extends to more than 180 countries .
Some countries oppose the application of NPT safeguards to small quantities of nuclear materials .
In coming years , developing countries with little nuclear experience -- Indonesia , Vietnam , Thailand , Jordan , Turkey , Egypt , and others -- will attempt to leap onto the atomic bandwagon .
Without authority to enforce safe practices , the IAEA can not better assure nuclear safety in these or other countries .
Indeed , about a dozen Middle East and North African countries propose to build nuclear power plants .
While the NPT is not entirely responsible for the absence of dozens of nuclear-armed states that many people once feared would emerge , it generated a standard of behavior that continues to guide most countries .
In other instances when countries contemplated the same thing , they were not as sanguine .
Moreover , despite the pain they impose , economic sanctions historically have a poor record of prompting countries to change fundamental policy .
But his audacity confronted a world in which the Bomb remained at the heart of many countries ' deterrence strategies .
At the same time , developing countries have continued to grapple with the persistence of mass poverty , endemic disease , malnutrition , environmental degradation , and gross income inequity , all of which have caused a degree of human suffering that far exceeds what has been caused by terrorist attacks .
People in the industrialized countries are already an estimated 74 times richer per capita than those in the poorest countries .
The G-8 countries ' agreement last year to a debt write-off for the 18 poorest states -- 16 in Africa and two in Latin America -- is a splendid , but insufficient , beginning .
The 100 most indebted countries still find the burden of servicing their collective $ 2.3 trillion in official debt increasingly hard to bear , leaving them hard put to finance national programs spelled out by the UN 's Millennium Development Goals -LRB- MDG 's -RRB- , which seek to halve global poverty by 2015 .
For lenders , debt could be converted , wherever possible , into equity in MDG projects with earning potential , while building up poor countries ' capacity for self-reliance .
But self-reliance will be impossible to achieve as long as the rich countries favor free markets and free trade only when it suits them .
The most glaring injustice in this respect has been the failure of the US and the European Union to deliver substantially on their promises of market access to agricultural exports from poor countries .
The poor countries argue that broader liberalization in the EU , the US , and Japan alone would yield benefits worth up to $ 142 billion by 2015 .
And they must win people 's allegiance by the power of their values and their ideals -- not only by isolating terrorists and extremists , but also by helping , in meaningful ways , poor countries to prosper .
But the basic lesson from Western Europe , whose greatest powers , France and Germany , fought three great wars in 70 years , is that the only lasting solution to conflict is to embed neighboring countries in dense networks of economic , political , and security relationships , and in regional institutions that serve their mutual interests .
Accordingly , what became the European Union started inconspicuously , with the integration of French and German industries that had been most directly associated with war production -- coal and steel .
Over the next decade , our statesmen must replace the Pax Americana that has enforced stability in the Asia-Pacific region with a Pax Asia-Pacifica , in which the major countries and sub-regional blocs contribute to and share in the maintenance of Asia-Pacific security in the face of our common geopolitical threats . These include international terrorism , nuclear proliferation , the instability arising out of the Arab-Israel conflict and the Iraq war , and the weakness of the United Nations .
Clearly , this will involve burden-sharing by all nations in the Asia-Pacific region , and a cooperative understanding among the most affluent and powerful countries in our part of the world -- the US , Japan , China , and South Korea .
The UN Integrated Mission in Timor-Leste -LRB- UNMIT -RRB- , headed by Atul Khare , consists of a civilian staff of 1,568 , of which 334 are volunteers , and a police commissioner , Rodolfo Tor , with 1,623 police personnel from 39 countries .
At direct stake today is Pakistan 's future , but its future may determine the political fates of neighboring countries that are also struggling with violent Islamic fundamentalism .
These Islamic terrorists , with their global reach , could well tilt the balance from one extreme to the other in a number of countries .
To be sure , the country 's `` America '' card -- the result of the two countries ' longstanding strategic relationship -LRB- I myself was educated at West Point and fought alongside US troops in the Korean War -RRB- -- must be played carefully and not be taken for granted .
But it offers the potential for a relationship of the sort that arises only between countries with deep and many-layered ties .
Understandably , the opposition Democratic Progressive Party -LRB- DPP -RRB- has taken the stand that Taiwan should seek closer ties with ASEAN countries rather than depend too much on Mainland China , but Ma does not see the two efforts as being mutually exclusive .
The modern sense of building a pan-Asian community began with the traumatic East Asian financial and economic crisis of 1997 , when all the countries of the Asia-Pacific region learned the hard way that national reforms and protections could turn out to be woefully inadequate .
Just as the nations of Western Europe exploited the Cold War stalemate to build the European Union , Asia must exploit the common interests that the United States , Japan , China , India , South Korea , Russia , Australia , New Zealand , and all the Southeast Asian countries have in securing a peaceful and stable Asia-Pacific .
Clearly , Pax Asia-Pacifica must be built on an unswerving commitment to peace among APEC 's most powerful countries -- the US , China , and Japan .
European nations recognized this a half-century ago , and Asia 's countries must make that same , self-restricting choice now .
Of course , the governments of both countries recognize the need to maintain the stability and cooperation that have made East Asia the world 's fastest growing region .
The world needs peace , countries deserve development , and people want cooperation ... China will always be a good neighbor , good friend , and good partner of other Asian countries . ''
Asia 's governments must also begin to adhere to a far more expansive idea of open regionalism , which means that countries like India should have a voice in Asia\/Pacific affairs , and they must respect the Asian interests of countries beyond the region .
Clearly , this concept implies burden-sharing by all Asia-Pacific countries to ensure the region 's harmony and security .
Pax Asia-Pacifica 's institutions will need to be built , as Europe 's peace was built after World War II , on strong , cooperative undertakings among the most powerful countries and regional blocs -- the US , China , Japan , India , South Korea , Russia , and the ASEAN 10 .
Most countries now agree that global warming should be stopped at a maximum of two degrees centigrade .
NEW DELHI -- The key role of emerging and developing countries -- including India , China , and Brazil -- in sustaining world economic growth was brought into sharp focus during the recent global crisis , and has been well documented .
Emerging-market economies have not only cushioned the global impact of the recent crisis , but have also helped industrialized countries reverse the recessionary trend of 2008-2009 .
But what distinguishes India from other emerging economies , in particular China and the Southeast Asian countries , is that domestic demand , rather than exports , is the primary driver of growth .
Needless to say , this will occur only gradually , particularly in the developed countries .
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , underlining the importance of infrastructure investment , made the following proposal , which several leaders endorsed : `` Recycling surplus savings into investment in developing countries will not only address the immediate demand imbalance , it will also help to address developmental imbalances .
As we head into the second decade of the century , innovative ideas like using global savings or surpluses to finance infrastructure in emerging and developing countries should be pursued seriously .
Doing so would not only sustain the growth momentum of these economies , but would contribute to global recovery by generating much-needed additional demand in the developed countries .
He has been a consultant to several Iranian ministries on urban planning , and helped the government in major rebuilding projects after the devastating earthquake that destroyed the ancient city of Bam in 2003 .
This week the EU 's 15 Heads of state and government from the current Member States and the leaders of the 13 candidate countries meet in Copenhagen .
In the Convention on the future of the EU , member states and candidate countries are already discussing how to organize the EU in the years ahead .
First , we will complete negotiations with up to ten countries : Cyprus , the Czech Republic , Estonia , Hungary , Latvia , Lithuania , Malta , Poland , the Slovak Republic and Slovenia .
But all involved -- both candidate countries and current member states -- must show the necessary flexibility in the final round of negotiations .
These two countries are not yet ready for membership .
At the Summit in Brussels in October , we decided to support these two countries in their efforts to achieve EU membership in 2007 .
As a candidate country , Turkey will , of course , be treated like all other candidate countries , and it will be important to send a clear signal to the Turkish people confirming their belief in the perspective of membership and a future based on Western and European values .
Leaders from both member states and candidate countries face a historic decision .
While being open towards the idea of a `` Team Presidency '' involving , for example , three countries for a period of one year or eighteen months , I worry that it would make horizontal co-ordination and the smooth daily conduct of business more difficult .
Both the private equity and hedge fund industries reacted by publishing voluntary codes of conduct .
Recently , financial leaders from 184 countries met in Washington at the Annual Meetings of the IMF and World Bank .
Simply put , the international community must take advantage of the current recovery to broaden efforts to ensure financial and economic stability , and help those countries with limited prospects .
Periods of strong economic growth allow countries to put in place defenses to reduce the likelihood and severity of future downturns .
In an era of globalized financial markets , when countries can find it hard to cope with rapid cross-border capital flows , there is no time for complacency .
Moves toward increased exchange rate flexibility in China and other Asian countries , supported by financial sector reform , will have domestic and global benefits .
Emerging market countries elsewhere have made considerable reform progress of late , but they must sustain the momentum to guard against potential shocks .
Aging populations are forcing many countries to address pressures on their budgets and social security systems .
But , before long , many developing countries will also have to face up to it , and in many cases without a cushion of affluence .
Countries need to reformulate their energy policies - including by boosting production and refining capacity , diversifying energy sources , and giving new impetus to conservation .
We need to communicate our positions clearly to policymakers and reinforce incentives for countries to take appropriate corrective actions .
But in the end , the effectiveness of our advice hinges on countries ' willingness to act on our recommendations .
Indeed , most developing countries are likely to fall short of the international community 's target of halving poverty by 2015 .
Developing countries would implement sound economic policies accompanied by good governance .
Industrial countries would increase aid levels and lower trade barriers .
Strong political commitments are needed to provide the aid that is needed to accelerate progress , and to secure success for the Doha trade round that is so crucial for developing countries ' longer-term prospects .
In 2005 , the international community renewed its commitments to help the poorest countries meet the United Nations ' Millennium Development Goals -LRB- MDG 's -RRB- , which aim to halve poverty by 2015 .
Indeed , the joint IMF-World Bank Heavily Indebted Poor Countries -LRB- HIPC -RRB- Initiative was launched in 1996 to coordinate efforts by multilateral organizations and governments to reduce poor countries ' debt burdens to sustainable levels .
Before the HIPC Initiative , eligible countries spent , on average , slightly more on debt service than on health and education combined .
Now , debt in the 28 countries for which relief has been approved has declined by an average of two-thirds , while their expenditures on health , education , and other social services have risen to almost four times the amount of debt-service payments .
In 2005 , the international community went further , agreeing on the Multilateral Debt Relief Initiative -LRB- MDRI -RRB- , which will write off 100 % of many poor countries ' debts to the IMF , the World Bank , and the African Development Bank .
As a result , just this past December , the IMF approved immediate , full relief for 19 countries -- including 13 in Africa , four in Latin America , and two in Asia -- on all outstanding debt to the Fund disbursed before January 1 , 2005 .
Other countries are eligible , and the IMF is helping these states make rapid progress to qualify , with total debt relief expected to be more than $ 5 billion .
Nevertheless , the debt relief now being implemented will only provide a small part of the assistance , both financial and technical , that low-income countries need to meet the MDG 's .
Donors must provide the help that developing countries urgently need .
At the same time , we must ensure that low-income countries use debt relief and aid efficiently .
One priority is to ensure that large , new infusions of aid do not produce unintended economic outcomes , such as rapid currency appreciation or inflation , which would make recipient countries ' exports less competitive . Another priority is to ensure that low-income countries that are striving to meet the MDG 's , and which have large financing requirements , avoid a new spiral of indebtedness .
The gains from MDRI debt relief will amount to precious little if low-income countries emerge from their debt burdens only to start the cycle anew by amassing fresh debt .
Outside efforts can help reduce poverty , but it is , ultimately , the efforts of low-income countries themselves to sustain strong economic performance , improve governance , and develop stable and effective institutions that will have the most important impact on reducing poverty .
Low-income countries can also improve their prospects by strengthening their fiscal management , fostering private-sector development , and liberalizing trade .
In manufacturing , it deters poor countries from moving up the value chain as tariffs on their exports increase with the degree of processing .
Barriers among developing countries are also especially high , impeding rapid growth in trade between them .
Delaying the conclusion of the Doha Round negotiations carries costs and risks for the entire world economy , rich and poor countries alike .
This is especially crucial for poor countries , where slower global growth means continuing hardship .
More broadly , the growth of FTA 's undermines the central principle of the multilateral trading system : trade opportunities should be offered to all countries equally .
Key countries must find the political will to confront defensive interests and negotiate with flexibility to reach a market-opening deal .
All countries will have to give ; no country can be expected to carry the burden alone .
For example , it is untenable in rich countries that farm interests accounting for less than 4 % of employment are effectively able to block a deal to open new markets for services and manufactures , which account for more than 90 % of employment .
In developing countries , pro-trade voices could help turn the debate toward the opportunities of global integration rather than emphasizing exceptions .
The Doha Round is an opportunity for countries to benefit from others ' reforms as well as their own .
Meanwhile , there should be no backsliding on the progress already made , such as the offer to eliminate agricultural export subsidies by 2013 and to provide duty-free\/quota-free access for almost all exports from least developed countries .
We encourage donors to follow through on their commitments to increase effective aid for trade -- assistance to help developing countries take full advantage of trade opportunities as a lever for growth .
All countries , but especially the major players , have a responsibility to honor their commitment to the Doha Round .
For many years , the IMF has engaged its member countries in a process known as `` surveillance , '' in which it monitors , analyzes , and consults on each country 's economic policies -- both exchange rate policies and relevant domestic policies .
Second , there is now clear advice to the Fund 's member countries on how they should run their exchange rate policies , and on what is acceptable to the international community .
Countries are experiencing strong growth , inflation is low , and the threat of crisis has receded considerably .
Few countries need to borrow from the IMF -- a highly positive trend .
Of course , it is critically important that it received very broad support from industrial countries , emerging economies , and developing countries .
The goal is to support policies that are good for each member country -- but also for other countries -- through dialogue and persuasion .
Suppose you could divide reforming countries into two categories : those whose previous policies benefited the rich , keeping inequality artificially high ; and those whose previous policies had the opposite effect , keeping inequality low .
Opening the economy and freeing internal markets may well entail sizable redistribution between rich and poor , but in opposite directions in the two groups of countries .
Policy reforms shift the distribution of income in different directions in different developing countries , as expected , given the diverse starting conditions .
We did so despite numerous studies that show that recovery rates from `` mental illness '' in `` underdeveloped '' countries are far superior to those in `` advanced '' societies .
The top priority should be a coordinated effort by Europe , the United States , and the other G-8 +5 countries to build demonstration plants to develop carbon capture and storage -LRB- CCS -RRB- technology .
There are now , however , more than 60 countries where the fertility rate is below replacement level .
If this were true of all countries , the global population would start to decline after 2050 -- a development that would surely be benign .
Moreover , remittances by Colombians working abroad grew 8 % in 2008 , a surprising result when compared to countries such as Mexico and Ecuador , where remittances have fallen .
The big losers from this economic disaster are workers in the advanced countries that bought into the laissez-faire flexibility of American-style capitalism .
Inequality in Korea rose from moderate levels to second highest -LRB- behind the US -RRB- among advanced OECD countries .
And slow recovery in the US will drag down recovery in other advanced countries , reducing their employment as well .
From the early 1990 's on , many analysts viewed America 's weak unionization , at-will employment , limited legal job protection , and high job turnover as major factors in achieving a lower unemployment rate than most EU countries .
Many OECD countries initiated various kinds of flexibility reforms in the hope of improving their economies along US lines .
In its 2009 Employment Outlook , the OECD took a hard look at its favored policy reforms and found them deficient in helping countries adjust to a finance-driven recession .
Since other countries ' economies and jobs are also at stake , they owe it to their citizens to press the US to deliver meaningful financial reforms .
The Enola controversy is a stark illustration of the danger of patenting life , and the power of patents to block agricultural imports , disrupt or destroy developing countries ' export markets , hijack staple food crops that are the cultural heritage of millennia , plunder collective knowledge , and threaten food security .
Undoubtedly , international institutions and countries in the global South have far more urgent goals than to spend resources suing greedy companies .
Doubters need only recall the unwillingness of Secretary General after Secretary General , from U Thant to Kofi Annan , to meet with -- or , in some cases , even to permit on the UN 's premises -- victims of human rights violations who had the misfortune of being born in powerful countries .
Moreover , Annan 's appointee as UN High Commissioner for Human Rights , former Irish President Mary Robinson , was instrumental in many developing countries ' adoption of a human-rights agenda , which previously was often viewed as a flag of convenience for Western meddling .
There was also skepticism among developing countries about whether a stronger UN commitment to human rights was what Annan claimed it to be or , instead , merely a moral flag of convenience -- or worse , a legal warrant for Western military intervention .
Whether he is seeking to reform France 's judicial system , redrawing its administrative map , proposing a new alliance of Mediterranean countries , or seeming to end France 's ambiguous foreign policy of being both aligned and not aligned with the United States , Sarkozy is nothing if not ambitious .
If Sarkozy governed effectively , such political and institutional departures might seem like a breath of fresh air in a society whose institutions seem increasingly ill-suited to the challenges of a multi-ethnic and post-industrial society -LRB- even though dirigiste France has conserved its industrial base better than many other rich countries -RRB- .
But this is hardly a trivial development for low-income families in the developing world , where the share of foodstuffs in household budgets -- 46 % in India and 33 % in China -- is 2-3 times the ratio in developed countries .
It will , one hopes , provide a detailed blueprint for the development of large-scale transactions-intensive industries such as wholesale and retail trade , domestic transport and supply-chain logistics , health care , and leisure and hospitality .
The Plan 's focus on accelerated development of several strategic emerging industries -- from biotech and alternative energy to new materials and next-generation information technology -- is also noteworthy .
But there is a catch : in shifting to a more consumption-led dynamic , China will reduce its surplus saving and have less left over to fund the ongoing saving deficits of countries like the US .
With relatively small populations -- and a declining one in the case of Japan -- these countries have no choice but to rely on exports and external demand to drive economic growth .
Services are an important piece of China 's pro-consumption strategy -- especially large-scale transactions-based industries such as distribution -LRB- wholesale and retail -RRB- , domestic transportation , supply-chain logistics , and hospitality and leisure .
This fits with the 12th Five-Year Plan 's new focus on innovation-based `` strategic emerging industries '' -- energy conservation , new-generation information technology , biotechnology , high-end equipment manufacturing , renewable energy , alternative materials , and autos running on alternative fuels .
Currently , these seven industries account for 3 % of Chinese GDP ; the government is targeting a 15 % share by 2020 , a significant move up the value chain .
While Chinese export industries remain highly competitive , there are understandable doubts about the post-crisis state of foreign demand for Chinese products .
That is why , at Prague , we will invite additional countries to join .
Countries that will receive invitations to join NATO during the Prague Summit will have had years of experience working with the Alliance as partners , notably in bringing peace and stability to the Balkans and Southeast Europe .
A heightened security agenda since the attacks on the United States in September 2001 has included attempts to legitimize the use of `` extraordinary rendition '' -LRB- the movement between countries of prisoners and suspects without due process of law -RRB- and torture .
In recent years , billions of dollars have been invested by governments , businesses , and private philanthropy in fighting poverty in poor countries .
Changing this will require massive investment in courts , judicial officials , police , prison systems , social ministries , and parliaments , as well as in national human rights institutions and other official monitoring bodies .
Nothing on this anniversary is more important than to urge our leaders to recognize the scale of the task and commit to sustained action to build institutional capacities to protect human rights , starting in their own countries . As world leaders race to address the current global economic crisis , it may seem unrealistic to be calling for large and long-term investments of this kind .
Where social ministries are under-resourced , disempowered , or lack qualified staff , basic rights to adequate health care , education , and housing will remain unfulfilled .
I was also aware that the UN Human Rights Council had made repeated condemnations of Israel over the past two years but had focused little attention on large-scale violations of human rights in other countries .
From the moment Europe 's coal and steel industries were merged in an effort to prevent future wars on the Continent , the `` European project '' has often relied on economic interests to propel itself forward .
The inclusion of the next three next countries -- Sweden , Finland , and Austria -- posed fewer economic problems .
As for the eight countries recently freed from Soviet domination , their priority is democratic consolidation .
But the Iraq crisis provided East European countries with an opportunity to confirm the absolute priority they place on strategic stability , which is why they put relations with the US ahead of worries about European political solidarity .
Newspapers report downward revisions in growth estimates for all the major developed countries : the United States , Germany , France , Japan . No one , it seems , is being left out .
For more than two decades , shareholders in all the developed countries , unorganized and passive from 1945 until 1975-1980 , have recast themselves in the form of pension funds , investment funds , and hedge funds .
Indeed , in the last 25 years , the share of direct and indirect wages as a percentage of GDP has fallen by 8 % to 11 % in all the countries involved .
In reporting on the crisis , the media have placed too much emphasis on finance alone , and have paid insufficient attention to the marked slowing of economic growth . But it is the economic slowdown that renders all developed countries less resistant to the financial shocks resulting from the sub-prime problem and from the mixed loan packages that are then used to dilute the risks attached to sub-prime debt .
Not only is the decline of previously accepted social and financial regulations reflected in the relative , but important , drop in wage income as a percentage of GDP -- and therefore consumer spending -- in all developed countries in the last thirty years , but also the deliberate abolition of controls allows the banking sector to do as it pleases .
But , although the United States and some European countries have gone a long way toward restoring the lending capacity of banks , that may not be enough .
Through pension funds , investment funds , and arbitrage -LRB- or hedge -RRB- funds , shareholders became well organized and seized power in developed countries ' firms .
Under such circumstances , the upper middle classes in developed countries increasingly came to look for capital gains instead of improving their living standards through productive work .
But the consequences have been somewhat less dramatic than in many other European countries .
Two of the three Baltic countries and Greece are in deep financial distress .
In the short term , the situation in Germany is less severe than in France . Its trade balance is positive , and total public debt is not as high as it is in other countries .
The fiscal deficit is higher than 6 % of GDP , the trade balance is negative , and public debt -- albeit lower than in all other European countries except Germany and the Netherlands -- is nonetheless 80 % of GDP .
France also has a higher birth rate than all other European countries , and is the only one that renews each generation .
With its ten new members , the European Union comprises 25 countries and 453 million citizens .
First , it is a guarantee of peace : war is now technically impossible between the Union 's interlinked member countries .
Ireland and Greece , once the two poorest countries of Europe have surged economically , with Greece coming close to the European average and Ireland having already taken its place among the richest .
It is for these reasons that countries outside the EU want to join .
For each of these countries , membership will mean a stable peace with its neighbors and reconciliation at home , as well as accelerated economic growth .
The world has undergone massive economic deregulation , prescribed by the monetarist doctrine supported by the conservative forces dominant in the developed countries of North America , Europe , and the Far East .
This economic tsunami has come to us from the United States -- there is nothing in it for Europe , but the right-wing forces in all our countries , which have coalesced into the majority that governs Europe , have rallied to its support .
The policies of central planning , dirigisme , and import substitution , which many newly independent countries adopted in the 1950 's and 1960 's , could be labeled as the ideas of communists , Fabian socialists , and nationalists , not trained economists .
The policies of deregulation , privatization , and trade liberalization -LRB- the so-called Washington Consensus -RRB- that countries adopted in the 1980 's , supposedly marked the victory of professional economists over populist politicians .
With few exceptions , countries in which the US-educated economic technocracy gained the upper hand performed worse than they did prior to the 1980 's .
Analysts who focused only on those elements of China 's or South Korea 's experience that fit their beliefs missed the larger story that these countries were undergoing massively heterodox experiments .
It certainly does not imply that a system of private property rights and Anglo-American corporate governance is the right approach for all countries at all times .
We must take full account of predicates , conditionals , and contingencies in order to specify more completely which countries should adopt what policies .
Rich countries are places where investors feel secure in their property rights , the rule of law prevails , private incentives are aligned with social objectives , monetary and fiscal policies are solidly grounded , risks are mediated through social insurance , and citizens have recourse to civil liberties and political representation .
Poor countries are where these arrangements are absent or ill-formed .
The political balance in these countries has tilted decisively in favor of pro-trade groups with an outward-looking orientation .
In the advanced countries , trade barriers for manufactured goods and many services are at a historic low .
The reality is that the global impact of agricultural liberalization in rich countries would be relatively small and highly uneven .
The balance depends on the poverty profile of individual countries and on whether they are food exporters or importers .
Of course , there would be some big gainers from agricultural reform , but they are chiefly consumers and taxpayers in rich countries .
Indeed the only serious risk from the Doha round 's `` failure '' is that rich countries would take their own rhetoric seriously and react in unproductive ways that prove self-fulfilling .
The problem is not another financial meltdown in an emerging market , with the predictable contagion that engulfs neighboring countries . Even the most exposed countries handled the last round of financial shocks , in May and June 2006 , relatively comfortably .
Foreign capital inflows would allow them to draw on the savings of rich countries , increase their investment rates , and stimulate growth .
For example , it is difficult to find evidence that countries that freed up capital flows have experienced sustained economic growth as a result .
Most intriguingly , the countries that have done the best in recent years are those that relied the least on foreign financing .
Among other high-growth countries , Vietnam 's current account is essentially balanced , and India has only a small deficit .
Whereas the standard story -- the one that motivated the drive to liberalize capital flows -- is that developing countries are saving-constrained , the fact that capital is moving outward rather than inward in the most successful developing countries suggests that the constraint lies elsewhere . Most likely , the real constraint lies on the investment side .
When countries suffer from low investment demand , freeing up capital inflows does not do much good .
What businesses in these countries need is not necessarily more finance , but the expectation of larger profits for their owners .
By contrast , countries like China and India , which avoided a surge of capital inflows , managed to maintain highly competitive domestic currencies , and thereby kept profitability and investment high .
The lesson for countries that have not yet made the leap to financial globalization is clear : beware .
For those countries that have already made the leap , the choices are more difficult .
This is the strategy followed by countries such as China and Argentina .
This is the strategy pursued by countries such as Turkey and South Africa , which have adopted more conventional `` inflation targeting '' regimes .
Looking at the experience of more than 100 countries , I have found in my research that each 10 % undervaluation adds 0.3 percentage points to growth .
This will mean more investment in tradable industries , more employment overall , and faster growth .
If developing countries could meet these conditions , he wrote , they would be in a position to send foreign aid to the United States !
Successful countries do share some common features .
Countries run into trouble when they do not use high-growth periods to strengthen their institutional underpinnings .
The impact of soccer globalization on African countries appears to be just the opposite .
On the one hand , it has increased the quality of many African national teams relative to European national teams , with countries such as Cameroon and Cote d'Ivoire now fielding teams that include some of the top players in European clubs . On the other hand , globalization probably has reduced the quality of Africa 's domestic leagues relative to European leagues .
To grasp the rationale for a more broad-based approach to financial regulation , consider three other regulated industries : drugs , tobacco , and firearms .
Poor countries suffer from a multitude of growth constraints , and effective reforms address the most binding among them .
Poor governance may , in general , be the binding constraint in Zimbabwe and a few other countries , but it was not in China , Vietnam , or Cambodia -- countries that are growing rapidly despite poor governance -- and it most surely is not in Ethiopia , South Africa , El Salvador , Mexico , or Brazil .
The `` Washington consensus '' -- the infamous list of do 's and do n'ts for policymakers in developing countries -- had largely dissipated .
But there is no universal rulebook ; different countries achieve these ends differently .
Its hypothesis is that there is a great deal of `` slack '' in poor countries , so simple changes can make a big difference .
It has no `` big ideas '' of its own , and at times it tries too hard to please everyone and cover all possible angles .
Although economic globalization has enabled unprecedented levels of prosperity in advanced countries and has been a boon to hundreds of millions of poor workers in China and elsewhere in Asia , it rests on shaky pillars .
Conclude this so-called `` development round '' successfully , and you will lift hundreds of millions of farmers in poor countries out of poverty and ensure that globalization remains alive .
True , farm-support policies in rich countries tend to depress world prices , along with the incomes of agricultural producers in developing countries .
While higher world farm prices help producers , they hurt urban households in developing countries , many of which are also poor .
That is why the recent spike in food prices has led many food-growing countries to impose export restrictions and has caused near panic among those concerned about global poverty .
The big winners from farm reform in the US , the EU , and other rich countries would be their taxpayers and consumers , who have long paid for the subsidies and protections received by their farming compatriots .
Rich countries have demanded sharp cuts in import tariffs by developing countries such as India and Brazil in return for phasing out their farm subsidies . -LRB- Why they need to be bribed by poor countries to do what is good for them is an enduring mystery . -RRB-
Applied tariff rates in developing countries , while higher than in advanced countries , are already at an all-time low .
And it was tailor-made for the few middle-income developing countries -LRB- such as Brazil , Argentina , and Thailand -RRB- that are large agricultural exporters .
But the myth of a `` development '' round , promoted by trade officials and economists who espouse the `` bicycle theory '' of trade negotiations -- the view that the trade regime can remain upright only with continuous progress in liberalization -- backfired , because the US and key developing countries found it difficult to liberalize their farm sectors .
We live under the most liberal trade regime in history not because the WTO enforces it , but because important countries -- rich and poor alike -- find greater openness to be in their best interest .
We might even have allowed these countries a certain measure of schadenfreude in the troubles of the United States and other rich countries , just as we might expect kids to take perverse delight from their parents ' getting into the kinds of trouble they so adamantly warn their children against .
Some of these countries should have known better and might have protected themselves sooner .
Several other countries in Central and Eastern Europe , such as Hungary , Ukraine , and the Baltic states , were also living dangerously , with large current-account deficits and firms and households running up huge debts in foreign currency .
But financial markets have made little distinction between these countries and others like Mexico , Brazil , South Korea , or Indonesia , which until just a few weeks ago appeared to be models of financial health .
Both countries have experienced strong growth recently .
South Korea is hugely dependent on exports to advanced countries , Brazil much less so .
They and other emerging-market countries are victims of a rational flight to safety , exacerbated by an irrational panic .
The public guarantees that rich countries ' governments have extended to their financial sectors have exposed more clearly the critical line of demarcation between `` safe '' and `` risky '' assets , with emerging markets clearly in the latter category .
To make matters even worse , emerging markets are deprived of the one tool that the advanced countries have employed in order to stem their own financial panics : domestic fiscal resources or domestic liquidity .
The International Monetary Fund and the G7 countries ' central banks must act as global lenders of last resort and provide ample liquidity -- quickly and with few strings attached -- to support emerging markets ' currencies .
Naked self-interest should persuade the advanced countries as well .
So when the G-20 countries meet in Washington on November 15 for their crisis summit , this is the agenda item that should dominate their discussion .
So , instead of frowning on capital controls and pushing for financial openness , the International Monetary Fund should be in the business of actively helping countries implement such policies . It should also enlarge its emergency credit lines to act more as a lender of last resort to developing nations hit by financial whiplash .
The crisis is an opportunity to achieve greater transparency on all fronts , including banking practices in rich countries that facilitate tax evasion in developing nations .
Wealthy citizens in the developing world evade more than $ 100 billion worth of taxes in their home countries each year , thanks to bank accounts in Zurich , Miami , London , and elsewhere .
The administrative difficulties in implementing a Tobin tax are not insurmountable , as long as all major advanced countries go along .
Developing nations also need to enshrine the notion of `` policy space '' in the World Trade Organization . The goal would be to ensure that developing countries can employ the kind of trade and industrial policies needed to restructure and diversify their economies and set the stage for economic growth .
All countries that have successfully globalized have used such policies , many of which -LRB- e.g. , subsidies , domestic-content rules , reverse engineering of patented products -RRB- are currently not allowed under WTO rules .
Developing nations will need to be more understanding and responsive to legitimate concerns in rich countries , and be more willing to pay for some global public goods .
In countries like the US , where the middle class has reaped few of the benefits of globalization in the last quarter-century , trade policy will be under severe pressure to provide some redress .
It will not do much for good for developing countries to raise the specter of protectionism each time such concerns are voiced .
Developing countries should say no to obvious trade protectionism , but they should be willing to negotiate to avoid regulatory races to the bottom in such areas as labor standards or corporate taxation .
The advanced countries are in for the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression .
This explains the almost continuous stream of measures that emanate from Beijing these days : increased public spending , monetary easing , pressure on state enterprises to expand activity , subsidies to exporters , partial convertibility of the remninbi to spur trade with neighboring countries , and so on . But will this do enough to stem the slowdown in an economy that has become hooked on external demand in recent years ?
The Great Depression was aggravated by the trade barriers that countries imposed to protect domestic employment .
The share of public spending in national income rose rapidly in today 's industrialized countries , from below 10 % on average at the end of the nineteenth century to more than 20 % just before World War II .
And , in the wake of WWII , most countries erected elaborate social-welfare states in which the public sector expanded to more than 40 % of national income on average .
Countries were required to undertake only limited trade liberalization , with plenty of exceptions for socially sensitive sectors -LRB- agriculture , textiles , services -RRB- .
Trade economists study the implications of globalization on inequality within and across countries .
Under its capable managing director , Dominique Strauss-Kahn , the Fund has been one of the few official agencies ahead of -- instead of behind -- the curve . It moved quickly to establish a fast-disbursing emergency line of credit for countries with `` reasonable '' policies .
And , in the run-up to the G-20 summit in London , it thoroughly overhauled its lending policies , de-emphasizing traditional conditionality and making it easier for countries to qualify for loans .
One encouraging fact is that developing countries will almost certainly get a larger say in how the Fund is run .
The Fund is staffed by a large number of smart economists , who lack much connection to -LRB- and appreciation for -RRB- the institutional realities of the countries on which they work .
One option would be to increase substantially the number of mid-career recruits with actual practical experience in developing countries . This would make the IMF staff more cognizant of the value of local knowledge relative to theoretical expertise .
Will this spell doom for developing countries ?
What should be of greater concern is the potential plight of countries in the last group .
Moreover , commodity booms frequently produce ugly politics in countries with weak institutions , leading to costly struggles for resource rents , which are rarely invested wisely .
So it is no surprise that the countries that have produced steady , long-term growth during the last six decades are those that relied on a different strategy : promoting diversification into manufactured and other `` modern '' goods .
By capturing a growing share of world markets for manufactures and other non-primary products , these countries increased their domestic employment opportunities in high-productivity activities .
Countries that had been growing rapidly in the run-up to the great crash of 2008 typically had trade surpluses -LRB- or very small deficits -RRB- .
These countries did not want to be recipients of capital inflows , because they realized that this would wreak havoc with their need to maintain competitive currencies .
But a return to high growth in developing countries requires that they resume their push into tradable goods and services .
This is no longer a feasible strategy for large or middle-income developing countries .
So , are the requirements of global macroeconomic stability and of growth for developing countries at odds with each other ?
Will developing countries ' need to generate large increases in the supply of industrial products inevitably clash with the world 's intolerance of trade imbalances ?
There is in fact no inherent conflict , once we understand that what matters for growth in developing countries is not the size of their trade surpluses , nor even the volume of their exports .
The key point is that developing countries that are concerned about the competitiveness of their modern sectors can afford to allow their currencies to appreciate -LRB- in real terms -RRB- as long as they have access to alternative policies that promote industrial activities more directly .
So the good news is that developing countries can continue to grow rapidly even if world trade slows in and there is reduced appetite for capital flows and trade imbalances .
One such implication is that developing countries will have to substitute real industrial policies for those that operate through the exchange rate .
If globalization does not get the fix it needs , economic prospects will be dim for rich and poor countries alike .
The worst that could happen is a return to the 1930 's , when countries put up high trade barriers and retreated into isolationism , to the detriment of all .
Trade and immigration -LRB- legal and illegal -RRB- , if left unchecked , will continue to exert downward pressure on rich countries ' labor markets .
The financial crisis has not helped improve the image of globalization , which has long been deeply unpopular among ordinary voters in most of the world 's advanced countries .
As a result , globalization 's tendency to produce macroeconomic imbalances and financial fragility , its adverse impact on equality and social peace in many countries , and its weak political legitimacy will continue to generate tension and periodic crises .
The first is that the United States and other advanced countries are unlikely to recover their previous economic dynamism even after financial stability is restored .
With public debt rising very rapidly , and in some countries projected to exceed 100 % of GDP , governments will not be in a position to take up the slack .
We can start with a simple principle : We should strive not for maximum openness in trade and finance , but for levels of openness that leave ample room for the pursuit of domestic social and economic objectives in rich and poor countries alike .
Financial globalization was supposed to have enabled poor , undercapitalized countries to gain access to the savings of rich countries .
In the years before the financial crash , capital moved from poor countries to rich countries , rather than vice versa . -LRB- This may not have been a bad thing , since it turns out that large -LRB- net -RRB- borrowers in international markets tend to grow less rapidly than others . -RRB-
It has acted as quickly as any international bureaucracy can to establish new lines of credit for battered emerging-market countries .
Left unchecked , they will generate growing acrimony between China and other countries .
It could promote its industries through high tariffs , explicit subsidies , domestic content requirements on foreign firms , investment incentives , and many other forms of industrial policy .
There is a strong positive relationship across all developing countries between currency undervaluation and economic growth .
To be sure , other countries that relied on exports to grow rapidly -- such as Germany , Japan , and South Korea -- eventually had to let their currencies appreciate .
In addition , China must live with restrictions on its industrial policies that none of these other countries , in pre-WTO days , had to abide by .
CAMBRIDGE -- Thirty years ago , China had a tiny footprint on the global economy and little influence outside its borders , save for a few countries with which it had close political and military relationships .
Continental European countries like big banks , and therefore will never go along with the Volcker rules , he wrote .
Democratic accountability would also result in regulatory diversity -- different countries doing their own thing -- and that is not a bad thing , either .
To its credit , the IMF not only acknowledges this , but it also provides evidence that developing countries with capital controls were hit less badly by the fallout from the sub-prime mortgage meltdown .
There is some empirical research on the consequences of capital controls in countries such as Chile , Colombia , and Malaysia , but very little systematic research on the appropriate menu of options .
Similarly , Chilean-style unremunerated reserve requirements may be easier to evade in countries with extensive trading in sophisticated derivatives .
The IMF provides countries with technical assistance in a wide range of areas : monetary policy , bank regulation , and fiscal consolidation .
Its phenomenal manufacturing prowess rests in large part on public assistance to new industries .
Local-content requirements have spawned productive supplier industries in automotive and electronics products .
The shift toward embracing industrial policy is therefore a welcome acknowledgement of what sensible analysts of economic growth have always known : developing new industries often requires a nudge from government .
That is why all countries have a patent system .
The same principle needs to apply to all government efforts to spawn new industries .
They understood that democratic countries would need the space to conduct independent monetary and fiscal policies .
So Germany has to thank deficit countries like the US , or Spain and Greece in Europe , for propping up its industries and preventing its unemployment rate from rising further .
For a wealthy economy that is supposed to contribute to global economic stability , Germany is not only failing to do its fair share , but is free-riding on other countries ' economies .
It is Germany 's partners in the eurozone , especially badly hit countries like Greece and Spain , that bear the brunt of the costs .
These countries ' combined current-account deficit matches Germany 's surplus almost exactly . -LRB- The eurozone 's aggregate current account with the rest of the world is balanced . -RRB-
The traditional remedy for countries caught in the kind of crisis that Spain , Greece , Portugal , and Ireland find themselves in is to combine fiscal retrenchment with currency depreciation .
But eurozone membership deprives these countries of this powerful tool , and depreciation of the euro itself is of limited benefit since so much of their trade -LRB- around 50 % -RRB- is with Germany and other eurozone members .
At some point , these countries may well choose to default on their external obligations rather than endure the pain .
During the Latin American debt crisis of the 1980 's or the Asian financial crisis of 1997 , for example , heavily indebted developing countries believed they had few options but to swallow bitter medicine - -- or face a stampede of capital outflows .
What leaders like Putin understand less well is that their politics also compromise their countries ' economic future and global economic standing .
But how , then , can one explain the fact that almost all wealthy countries -- except those that owe their riches to natural resources alone -- are democratic ?
For the true up-and-coming economic superpowers , we should turn instead to countries like Brazil , India , and South Africa , which have already accomplished their democratic transitions and are unlikely to regress .
None of these countries is without problems , of course .
Yet these challenges are nothing compared to the momentous tasks of institutional transformation that await authoritarian countries .
Can Developing Countries Carry the World Economy ?
CAMBRIDGE -- In the early days of the global financial crisis , there was some optimism that developing countries would avoid the downturn that advanced industrial countries experienced .
But these hopes were dashed as international lending dried up and trade collapsed , sending developing countries down the same spiral that industrial nations took .
Developing countries , it is said , are headed for strong growth , regardless of the doom and gloom that has returned to Europe and the United States .
Most developing countries have cleaned up their financial and fiscal houses and do not carry high debt .
Moreover , slow growth in the advanced economies need not exert a drag on developing countries ' performance .
Sustained rapid growth is the result of poorer countries catching up to rich countries ' productivity levels -- not of growth in the rich countries themselves .
For most developing countries , this `` convergence gap '' is wider now than it has been at any time since the 1970 's .
Sustained growth requires a growth strategy , and most developing countries do not yet have one that would put them irrevocably on the path of economic convergence .
For too many of these countries , economic growth in the last two decades relied on a combination of two factors : a natural rebound from previous financial crises -LRB- as in Latin America -RRB- or political conflicts and civil war -LRB- as in Africa -RRB- , and high commodity prices . Neither can be relied on for the productive transformation that developing countries need .
Global competition has whipped many of the region 's industries into shape and fostered significant productivity gains in advanced sectors , but these gains have remained limited to a narrow segment of the economy .
In most Latin American countries , structural change has served to reduce rather than promote economic growth .
Because Asian governments have tended to support their modern , tradable sectors to a greater extent , most Asian countries have managed to avoid this malady , and have done much better as a result .
An undervalued currency , which serves to subsidize China 's manufacturing industries , has been a key driver of the country 's economic growth for the last decade .
Regardless of developing countries ' growth prospects , there is a deeper question .
Will a world economy in which developing countries have substantially greater weight foster the kind of global governance that sustains a hospitable economic environment ?
Countries like Brazil , China , India , and South Africa , however , have so far shown little interest in contributing to the construction of global regimes , preferring to remain free riders .
Jorge Castañeda , a former foreign minister of Mexico , goes further , arguing that these countries have systematically opposed global rules , in areas ranging from climate change to international trade .
Lest we be too harsh on developing countries , however , let us also remember that political scientists have long worried that greater diffusion of economic power would produce a less stable world economy .
If the world economy 's center of gravity shifts substantially toward developing countries , this will not be a smooth -- and possibly not even a benign -- process .
We can be certain of two things : only those countries that adopt growth strategies based on stimulating domestic structural change will do well , and the conundrum of global governance -- how to manage a world economy that has become unruly -- will almost certainly get worse .
It repeats the mantra that the countries that went farther down the path of globalization became the ones with the greatest success in economic growth and poverty reduction .
Buried within the pages of the report , however , is a startling admission : countries that integrated into the world economy most rapidly were not necessarily those that adopted the most pro-trade policies .
It is admitting , in an underhanded manner , that its repeated assertions about the benefits of globalization do not carry direct implications for how trade policy should be conducted in developing countries .
In both countries , the main trade reforms took place about a decade after the onset of higher growth .
Governments in both countries focused their scarce political capital and administrative resources on areas other than trade liberalization .
For example , a chart in the report shows that the World Bank 's sample of `` more globalized '' countries had deeper tariff cuts than the `` less globalized '' countries .
Countries that managed to grow rapidly and reduce poverty also tended to become increasingly integrated into the world economy .
Ireland and the southern European countries must reduce their debt burden and sharply enhance their economies ' competitiveness .
Even if the Germans and other creditors acquiesce in a restructuring -- not from 2013 on , as German Chancellor Angel Merkel has asked for , but now -- there is the further problem of restoring competitiveness . This problem is shared by all deficit countries , but is acute in Southern Europe .
Membership in the same monetary zone as Germany will condemn these countries to years of deflation , high unemployment , and domestic political turmoil .
Countries can rejoin , and do so credibly , when the fiscal , regulatory , and political prerequisites are in place .
The Poverty of Dictatorship CAMBRIDGE -- Perhaps the most striking finding in the United Nations ' recent 20th anniversary Human Development Report is the outstanding performance of the Muslim countries of the Middle East and North Africa .
At 74 , Tunisia 's life expectancy edges out Hungary 's and Estonia 's , countries that are more than twice as wealthy .
It is true that the world 's wealthy countries are almost all democracies . But democratic politics is neither a necessary nor a sufficient condition for economic development over a period of several decades .
Despite the economic advances they registered , Tunisia , Egypt , and many other Middle Eastern countries remained authoritarian countries ruled by a narrow group of cronies , with corruption , clientelism , and nepotism running rife .
These countries ' rankings on political freedoms and corruption stand in glaring contrast to their rankings on development indicators .
The Egyptian government was ranked 111th out of 180 countries in Transparency International 's 2009 survey of corruption .
CAMBRIDGE -- One does not have to spend much time in developing countries to observe how their economies are a mish-mash , combining the productive with the unproductive , the First World with the Third .
In the modern , more productive parts of the economy , productivity -LRB- while typically still low -RRB- is much closer to what we observe in the advanced countries .
Modern , high-productivity industries have come to employ a smaller share of the economy 's labor force , while informal and other low-productivity activities have expanded .
By contrast , most Asian countries continue to behave in typical Lewisian fashion .
This conclusion might seem to fly in the face of the experience of countries like Argentina , Brazil , and Chile , where many firms in the modern parts of the economy -LRB- including non-traditional agriculture -RRB- have experienced undeniable growth .
My research with Maggie McMillan of Tufts University and the International Food Policy Research Institute shows that countries with a strong comparative advantage in natural resources are particularly prone to fall into the trap of growth-reducing structural change .
For these countries , globalization is a mixed blessing .
One lesson is to avoid premature collapse of import-competing industries that employ substantial numbers of people before sufficient employment opportunities have emerged in more productive industries .
Asian countries , for instance , have typically liberalized at the margin -LRB- through export subsidies or special economic zones -RRB- , spurring new export industries without pulling the rug from under the rest .
Competitive currencies promote and protect modern tradable industries that employ a substantial share of the labor force .
We found in our research that countries with competitive currencies were much more likely to experience growth-enhancing structural change .
Legal requirements that significantly increase the costs of hiring and firing labor discourage employment creation in new industries .
CAMBRIDGE -- Perhaps for the first time in modern history , the future of the global economy lies in the hands of poor countries .
By some measures , China is already the world 's largest economy , and emerging-market and developing countries account for more than half of the world 's output .
But can developing countries really carry the world economy ?
Growth spread far beyond a few Asian countries , and , for the first time since the 1950 's , the vast majority of poor countries experienced what economists call convergence -- a narrowing of the income gap with rich countries .
Commodity prices were high , benefiting African and Latin American countries in particular , and external finance was plentiful and cheap .
Moreover , many African countries hit bottom and rebounded from long periods of civil war and economic decline .
And , of course , rapid growth in the advanced countries generally fueled an increase in world trade volumes to record highs .
In principle , low post-crisis growth in the advanced countries need not impede poor countries ' economic performance .
Growth ultimately depends on supply-side factors -- investment in and acquisition of new technologies -- and the stock of technologies that can be adopted by poor countries does not disappear when advanced countries ' growth is sluggish .
So lagging countries ' growth potential is determined by their ability to close the gap with the technology frontier -- not by how rapidly the frontier itself is advancing .
A recent report by Citigroup , for example , predicts that growth will be easy for poor countries with young populations .
Sustained growth requires devising incentives to encourage private-sector investment in new industries -- and doing so with minimal corruption and adequate competence .
If history is any guide , the range of countries that can pull this off will remain narrow .
The big question for the world economy is whether advanced countries in economic distress will be able to make room for faster-growing developing countries , whose performance will largely depend on making inroads in manufacturing and service industries in which rich countries have been traditionally dominant .
The employment consequences in the advanced countries would be problematic , especially given an existing shortage of high-paying jobs .
But a large reversal in the fortunes of rich and poor countries seems neither economically likely , nor politically feasible .
By the standards of the consensus view , policymaking in Latin America was better in the 1990s than ever before , nonetheless few countries in the region grew faster than in the period before 1980 .
Or consider more successful countries .
Most countries with protected economies and lax protection of property rights languish .
Today 's intellectual property regime protects innovators in advanced countries by issuing temporary monopolies , i.e. , patents .
Import-substitution fostered competitive industries in Brazil , but not in Argentina .
Specificity helps explain why successful countries - China , South Korea , Taiwan , and Chile among others - usually combine unorthodox elements with orthodox policies .
It may also account for why important institutional differences persist among advanced countries in areas such as the public sector 's role , the nature of legal systems , corporate governance , financial markets , labor markets , and social insurance mechanisms .
CAMBRIDGE -- We may live in a post-industrial age , in which information technologies , biotech , and high-value services have become drivers of economic growth . But countries ignore the health of their manufacturing industries at their peril .
For most countries , therefore , it remains a potent source of high-wage employment .
The service industries that have absorbed the labor released from manufacturing are a mixed bag .
These industries have created some new jobs , but not many -- and that was before the financial crisis erupted in 2008 .
As Maggie McMillan of the International Food Policy Research Institute has shown , there is an uncanny negative correlation across individual manufacturing industries between employment changes in China and the US .
In the few industries that contracted in China , the US has gained employment .
For developing countries , the manufacturing imperative is nothing less than vital .
India 's high-productivity service industries employ workers who are at the very top end of the education distribution .
For developing countries , expanding manufacturing industries enables not only improved resource allocation , but also dynamic gains over time .
This is because most manufacturing industries are what might be called `` escalator activities '' : once an economy gets a toehold in an industry , productivity tends to rise rapidly towards that industry 's technology frontier .
I have found in my research that individual manufacturing industries , such as auto parts or machinery , exhibit what economists call `` unconditional convergence '' -- an automatic tendency to close the gap with productivity levels in advanced countries .
Asian economies have opened up too , but policymakers there have taken greater care to support manufacturing industries .
CAMBRIDGE -- Greedy banks , bad economic ideas , incompetent politicians : there is no shortage of culprits for the economic crisis in which rich countries are engulfed .
One reason that interest-rate spreads in financial markets remain high is that distressed eurozone countries ' growth prospects look so weak .
Stronger countries in the eurozone must allow these spreads to narrow by guaranteeing the new debts of countries from Greece to Italy , through the issuance of Eurobonds , for example .
In return , the highly indebted countries must commit to multi-year programs to restructure fiscal institutions and enhance competitiveness -- reforms that can be implemented and bear fruit only over the medium term .
China has lots of low-cost labor , but so does Bangladesh , Ethiopia , and many other populous low-income countries .
It would destabilize not only the highly-indebted European periphery , but also core countries like France and Germany , which have been the architects of that project .
That question is increasingly urgent as wealthy countries-as well as many transition and developing economies-attempt to create the robust securities markets needed to boost investment , productivity , and growth .
Before World War I , Europe 's civil-law countries were developing securities markets as fast as the US and the UK .
By contrast , the SEC is a rule-generating institution of the type that civil-law countries like France or Germany would have little difficulty creating if they wished to .
Unless there is a conflict of interest between a company 's management and its board , owners in common-law countries have no legal recourse when managers ' operational or strategic decisions are bad , stupid , or otherwise harmful to shareholders .
The OECD has indexed how easy it is to fire an employee in member countries .
True , with only 16 countries rich enough to be included in the survey , the correlation is n't perfect .
But an equally important question -- above all for Egyptians , but also for other developing countries -LRB- and for development experts -RRB- -- is the economic impact of its revolution .
Though some countries have fixed their court systems , streamlined their tax administrations , and begun to get a handle on corruption , the impact on financial markets has been uneven .
Something else must affect which countries are most likely to get strong finance , which wo n't , and when it all happens .
That would be plausible if American corporate ownership were concentrated and powerful , with major shareholders owning , say , 25 % of a company 's stock -- a structure common in most other advanced countries , where families , foundations , or financial institutions more often have that kind of authority inside large firms .
The supply of water is also highly variable across regions and within countries , with floods and droughts occurring at irregular times .
Research on such genetically modified -LRB- GM -RRB- foods is well advanced in several of the largest water-scarce countries , such as China and India ;
Although the IMF has changed a lot in recent years , there is no denying that there are still major holes in the international system -- not least the lack of a fair and orderly procedure for dealing with highly indebted countries that become insolvent .
Troubled countries knock on the Fund 's door for financial assistance only when all other creditors have turned their backs .
Countries come to the IMF precisely because they know that it will lend to them when no one else will , and at interest rates lower than most could only dream of , even in the best of times .
But it is patently absurd to charge that misguided IMF policy advice is the main reason why debt-crisis countries face austerity .
The IMF 's shareholders are its 184 member countries , and the Fund does not really pay dividends , other than in an accounting sense .
And , unlike most countries , especially in Latin America and Asia , the US system ruthlessly prunes weak corporate leadership .
Though the next few years are likely to underscore some of the weaknesses that the skeptics highlight , the end will come mainly because other countries will find creative ways to mimic the most effective US institutions , albeit within their own legal , political , and social frameworks .
Economic gurus at places like the World Bank have developed a ridiculously long list of steps that countries should take to raise their growth rates -LRB- the so-called `` extended Washington Consensus '' -RRB- .
However , aside from a few countries -- including China , of course , but also Spain -- low infrastructure spending is epidemic .
Russia , despite Siberia 's massive oil and gas riches , is n't even investing enough to support healthy growth in its energy industries , much less human development in the country 's impoverished areas -LRB- including hapless Siberia -RRB- .
True , countries that have not cleaned up their fiscal act , such as India , must not recklessly plunge ahead with big government projects without counterbalancing reforms to ensure sustainability .
But for countries that have scope to invest more , particularly those that are holding a surfeit of precious development dollars in idle US Treasury bills , the time may be ripe to reassess the balance of risks .
Countries ' need for better infrastructure is no license to throw prudence out the window .
Desperate to capture some of the star power of the rock star-driven campaign to reduce poor countries ' debt , the leaders agreed to forgive Third World debt that no one ever expected to be repaid .
The simple fact is that even if US trade negotiator Susan Schwab had refused to make a single `` concession , '' and if Europe , Japan , and the big emerging markets had kept their best offers on the table , the US would still remain more open than all but a few small countries .
And this is not to mention emerging market politicians ' failure to grasp that unilaterally reducing their excessive import restrictions would be a good idea even if rich countries sat on their hands .
After all , many Asian countries have achieved impressive export-led growth under the current system .
Even if Asia has succeeded by relentlessly exporting manufactures , today 's poorest countries , especially in Africa , can realistically export only agriculture and textiles .
Outside Africa , the people who will suffer the most are those in countries like Brazil , India , China , and Mexico , whose leaders rightly took on rich-country farm subsidies , but wrongly failed to recognize the profound costs of the developing world 's own import restrictions .
Chronic debt-crisis countries from Mexico to Russia to South Korea are all fighting off capital inflows from investors looking for an exit as the dollar collapses .
Ordinarily , as the world comes out of a downturn and global interest rates rise , at least one or two emerging market countries suffers a spectacular blowup .
True , policy in some countries has improved markedly .
Do people think it is easy for a 12-trillion-dollar economy to spend beyond its means year after year just to prop up other countries ' reputations for stability ?
Some of the countries that look so strong today may suddenly experience the kind of financial crises that they thought they had left behind .
Even if countries avoid the immediate blow of a dollar collapse , they still have to watch for a boomerang effect .
Exchange rates have a nasty habit of overshooting their equilibrium values , then knifing back on countries , especially those who have been spending too much based on inflated income valuations .
George Soros once made a billion dollars off the Bank of England in just an hour . His basic strategy was a standard one : bet against any central bank that tries to defend an inconsistent macroeconomic policy .
All of these changes have in turn contributed to lower economy-wide output and consumption volatility in both rich and developing countries .
Among other problems , the Kyoto Protocol does not go far enough towards redistributing carbon emission rights towards developing countries .
Developing countries ask why they should pay attention to global warming if rich countries are not prepared to curtail their own emissions sharply ?
Why should poor countries worry about how deforestation contributes to global warming when rich countries remain so profligate ?
Some countries -- Chile , Columbia , and Costa Rica , for example -- remain committed to progressive growth-oriented and democratic regimes . But over the past year , allies of Chávez have come to power in countries like Ecuador and Bolivia , and just missed winning in a few others .
In today 's hyper-competitive global economy , there is no reliable `` third way '' for countries to avoid continued liberalization and market-oriented reforms .
Even more staggeringly , US borrowing now soaks up more than two-thirds of the combined excess savings of all the surplus countries in the world , including China , Japan , Germany , and the OPEC states .
In order for the US economy to run deficits with the world , other countries must be willing to spin off a counterbalancing supply of savings .
This investment shortfall is due to many factors , but perhaps the main one is that there are substantial medium-term institutional roadblocks to investment in many developing countries , where long-term returns now seem to be by far the highest .
First , rich countries are deeply reluctant to embrace any collective plan that might impinge on their own domestic policy maneuvers .
The inability of backward domestic financial systems to allocate investment efficiently is a big factor pushing funds out of poor countries and into the US .
Unfortunately , the IMF is paralyzed by the need to confront some internal governance problems , the biggest of which is the lack of a sensible way to recalculate the voting shares of countries as their relative influence in the global economy evolves .
True , most studies suggest that developing countries ought to precede any sharp opening to international financial markets by liberalizing trade .
Many developing countries , however , are well on their way to achieving these preconditions .
Any number of developing countries , from China to India to Brazil , could easily step up if the US foolishly stepped down .
Third , Zoellick should use his formidable negotiating skills to cajole rich countries into greatly increasing the grant component of World Bank aid .
True , the Bank 's poorest clients have little access to private capital markets . By and large , however , the poorest countries need grants , not loans that they still wo n't be able to pay in 20 years .
A lot of technical advice falls on deaf ears , with countries listening only long enough to get their hands on Bank money .
Last but not least , the Bank needs to play a much bigger role in environmental issues and , in general , in promoting good international citizenship by both rich and poor countries . -LRB- Some of us have been proposing this for almost two decades . -RRB-
Other rich and middle-income countries , although typically spending only half what the US does today , wo n't lag far behind .
Countries in Europe and elsewhere have shielded their citizens from a part of this rise by piggybacking on US technological advances .
But today , the balance is shifting . Heart operations are already a major factor in extending life in many rich countries .
Ultimately , the evidence suggests that societies spend ever-larger fractions of their income on health over time , in contrast to food expenditures , for example , which fall as countries become wealthier .
For starters , the roof is starting to collapse on the global housing bubble , as housing markets begin to freeze up not only in the United States , but also in many other countries , such as high-flying Spain .
But the fact that several Asian and emerging-market countries are resisting this decline by buying dollars is putting inordinate pressures on the more flexible currencies , such as the euro and the Canadian dollar , which are trading at record levels .
European leaders are arguing , with some justification , that their exporters are paying the price for America 's huge trade imbalance with Asian and oil-exporting countries .
Yet , given clear inflationary pressures in countries like Saudi Arabia , Argentina , and Russia , and notable price spikes in China , the world just might have reached a moment when agreement can be reached .
Indeed , the US Congress has already produced a series of ominous bills aimed at retaliating against China and other countries that engage in one-way currency intervention .
Fortunately , the IMF recently asserted the right to take action if countries engage in sustained one-way currency intervention .
But , for the US and rich countries in Europe , the argument that stronger unions would bring more benefits than costs is far more dubious .
Teachers ' unions , especially , are a catastrophe , blocking any rationalization or improvement of many countries ' education systems .
For rich countries , income redistribution is much better handled through taxes and benefits system , rather than by government edicts to strengthen unions .
The rich today pay so little in taxes in many countries , that it would be a big improvement simply to move to a flat tax , with a very high exemption level so that lower-income families pay nothing .
For middle-income countries , it is a tougher call .
When we see political leaders in many rich countries pander to unions by bashing each other on free trade and immigration , there is every reason to worry about trouble ahead .
America Goes from Teacher to Student Cambridge &#45; &#45; As the United States ' epic financial crisis continues to unfold , one can only wish that US policymakers were half as good at listening to advice from developing countries as they are at giving it .
The silver lining is that there are many highly distinguished current and former policymakers out there , particularly from emerging market countries , who have seen this movie before .
These include epic crises in the Scandinavian countries , Spain , and Japan , along with lesser events such as the US savings and loan crises of the 1980 's .
The head of the IMF , Frenchman Dominique Strauss-Kahn , could easily select a superb panel from any range of former crisis countries , including Mexico , Brazil , Korea , Turkey , Japan , and Sweden , not to mention Argentina , Russia , Chile , and many others .
In fact , having countries like Russia and China more vested in the well-being of the US economy would not be a bad thing .
With debt relief for poor countries shaping up as a focal issue at the July G-8 summit in Scotland , it is a shame that so few people appreciate what a farce such measures could turn out to be .
But forgiving poor countries ' debts without agreeing on a better framework for future aid flows is an empty gesture .
Indeed , thanks to ongoing grants and future loans from national aid agencies and multilateral lenders like the World Bank , most of the poor `` debtor '' countries look set to receive considerably more money than they pay back , with no end in sight .
Citizens of rich countries may be self-centered and self-indulgent , but things are not quite as horrible as some would have us believe .
But at least it does n't tax poor countries , as rich-country imperialists did until well into the twentieth century .
Generously interpreted , past loans reflected naïve optimism that with a bit of seed money , politically and economically backward countries would generate majestic growth and effortlessly repay their loans .
A not-so-generous interpretation of modern aid history is that rich countries ' legislatures were too cheap to give outright grants to the poorest countries , and could be persuaded to help out only if they were told that the money would be repaid .
Of course , I am focusing mainly on official loans , but private-sector lending to the world 's poorest countries is generally a relatively minor issue .
So now rich countries want to feel magnanimous for `` forgiving '' debts that should have been given as outright grants in the first place .
It is increasing aid , but it is trying to focus the benefits on countries that are reasonably well governed .
Admittedly , there is still a fierce debate over the right way to assist poor countries , and this will play out behind the scenes at the G-8 summit .
The United Nations Development Program has championed the position that all countries should get significant aid , regardless of how they are governed , on the grounds that thousands of children die every day and there is no room for sanctimonious extremism .
I beg to differ ; my reading of the evidence suggests that donors really do need to take extreme care not to make things worse , and that this is far more difficult to achieve in corrupt countries than the UN suggests .
If the G-8 leaders are serious about helping poor countries , finding a reliable way to support grant aid and promote accountability for donors and recipients , not debt relief , is the place to start .
America 's inflation would be contained but for the fact that so many countries , from the Middle East to Asia , effectively tie their currencies to the dollar .
But , with most economies in the Middle East and Asia in much stronger shape than the US and inflation already climbing sharply in most emerging-market countries , aggressive monetary stimulus is the last thing they need right now .
Oil Currency Hypocrisy CAMBRIDGE -- Does it make sense for United States Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson to be touring the Middle East supporting the region 's hard dollar exchange-rate pegs , while the Bush administration simultaneously blasts Asian countries for not letting their currencies appreciate faster against the dollar ?
Perhaps the Bush administration worries that if oil countries abandoned the dollar standard , today 's dollar weakness would turn into a rout .
Of course , a strengthening of the oil currencies -LRB- including not only the Gulf States , but also other Middle East countries and Russia -RRB- would not turn around the US trade balance overnight .
But oil countries do account for a large share of the world 's trade surpluses , and a weaker dollar would help promote US exports to some degree , even in the short run .
How can the US Treasury , on the one hand , periodically flirt with labeling China a `` currency manipulator '' and , on the other hand , condone a similar strategy in oil-exporting countries ?
Perhaps the most important positive effect of exchange-rate appreciation would be to help promote the development of domestically-oriented industries such as health care , education , and banking , thereby alleviating some of the region 's mass underemployment .
Keynesian stimulus policies might help ease the pain a bit for individual countries acting in isolation . But if every country tries to stimulate consumption at the same time , it wo n't work .
In anglophone countries , presidents and prime ministers , not to mention some leading central bankers , boasted of superior financial systems that were the envy of the world .
Small countries such as Iceland decided to get in on the action by privatizing their banks and setting up their own financial centers .
There is talk in many countries , even the US , that the time has come to ensure that the entire financial system , including hedge funds and investment banks , become subject to much stricter regulation .
SINGAPORE -- A year into the global financial crisis , several key central banks remain extraordinarily exposed to their countries ' shaky private financial sectors .
The financial sector has produced extraordinary profits , particularly in the Anglophone countries .
Why not the auto and steel industries , or any of the other industries that have suffered downturns in recent years ?
Super-Sizing the IMF is Wrong CAMBRIDGE -- As the global financial crisis radiates out from the developed economies into emerging markets , it is ravaging not only governance-challenged economies such as Venezuela , Russia , and Argentina . The crisis is also striking countries like Brazil , Korea , and South Africa , which appeared to have made substantial and lasting progress towards macroeconomic stability .
The IMF does not have an adequate framework for handling the massive defaults that could easily attend a huge surge in lending , much less the political will to distinguish between countries that are facing genuine short-term liquidity problems and countries that are actually facing insolvency problems .
So what should world leaders do with the IMF ? In the short run , the IMF could help coordinate additional loans from countries such as the US , Japan , and China , to help maintain economic and political stability in the developing world .
The rich countries , together with China and the Middle East oil exporters do indeed need to take bold steps to help out emerging markets , and the Fund has a useful role to play .
But by now , emerging-market countries ' exchange rates , and even more so commodity currencies , have probably overshot on the downside .
Huge risks will remain as long as the financial system remains on government respirators , as is effectively the case in the US , UK , the euro zone , and many other countries today .
Absent significant inflation , nominal house prices probably need to fall another 15 % in the US , and more in Spain , the UK , and many other countries .
But today 's social , economic , and political systems -- at least in developed countries -- are unable to withstand a peacetime decline in output of 15-20 % within a short period .
Some countries that depend on energy exports , particularly governance-challenged ones such as Russia and Venezuela , are experiencing even worse downturns .
One of the great challenges ahead is to find a way to bring these two countries ' savings into line , given the vast trade imbalances that many believe planted the seeds of financial crisis .
Even those countries that are not actively engaged in a fiscal orgy are seeing their surpluses collapse and their deficits soar , mainly in the face of falling tax revenues .
In all likelihood , a slew of countries will see output declines of 4-5 % in 2009 , with some . having true depression level drops , of 10 % or more .
Worse yet , unless financial systems spring back , growth could disappoint for years to come , especially in `` ground zero '' countries such as the United States , Britain , Ireland and Spain . US long-term growth could be particularly dismal , as the Obama administration steers the country toward more European levels of welfare assistance and income redistribution ,
Countries with European-style growth rates could handle debt obligations of 60 % of GDP when interest rates were low .
But , with debts in many countries rising to 80 % or 90 % of GDP , and with today 's low interest rates clearly a temporary phenomenon , trouble is brewing .
Many of the countries that are piling on massive quantities of debt to bail out their banks have only tepid medium term growth prospects , raising real questions of solvency and sustainability
Other countries , such as Ireland , Britain , and the US , started with a much stronger fiscal position , but may not be much better off when the smoke clears .
While the rest of the world is sympathetic to Geithner 's ideas , other countries would like to see more fundamental reform .
The ongoing financial crisis will almost surely slow the integration of the accession countries in Central and Eastern Europe , whose young populations are the single most dynamic source of growth in Europe today .
Assuming continuing reforms in countries such as Brazil , India , South Africa , and Russia , emerging markets could well fill some of the growth gap left by the largest economies .
A giant fiscal stimulus in both countries has helped prevent further damage temporarily , but where is the needed change ?
Yes , there is still a real risk of hitting an iceberg , beginning perhaps with a default in the Baltics , with panic first spreading to Austria and some Nordic countries .
If European countries look inward , however , with Germany pushing its consumers to buy German cars , the French government forcing car companies to keep unproductive factories open , etc. , one can expect a decade of stagnation .
Having reached the epiphany that financial restructuring must be avoided at all costs , the governments of the world have in turn cast a huge safety net over banks -LRB- and whole countries in Eastern Europe -RRB- , woven from taxpayer dollars .
Unfortunately , the conventional post-mortem on Lehman is wishful thinking . It basically says that no matter how huge the housing bubble , how deep a credit hole the United States -LRB- and many other countries -RRB- had dug , and how convoluted the global financial system , we could have just grown our way out of trouble . Patch up Lehman , move on , keep drafting off of China 's energy , and nothing bad ever need have happened .
In the run-up to the financial crisis , the US external deficit was soaking up almost 70 % of the excess funds saved by China , Japan , Germany , Russia , Saudi Arabia , and all the countries with current-account surpluses combined .
Even firms in established industries such as energy report facing great difficulties in raising capital .
It would be a disaster if countries were to rush in individually to implement their own new system .
Unfortunately , as Reinhart and I document empirically for hundreds of financial crises , covering 66 countries and eight centuries , the answer is all too simple : arrogance and ignorance .
But G-20 policymakers are best advised not to bet on it , and to counsel patience , particularly in epicenter countries .
Anyone familiar with Dubai understands that these are but small examples of a much broader embrace of creativity that has allowed the country to court elite foreign professionals in finance and other industries .
Much as in the United States , elite foreigners have played a key role in developing Dubai 's various service industries .
Of course , other countries in the Gulf also have some stunning accomplishments to their credit .
Countries throughout the world and throughout history have defaulted on their debts and lived to talk about it , even prosper .
Will there be contagion to vulnerable countries in Europe and elsewhere ?
Sooner than that , artificial intelligence will transform higher learning , potentially making a world-class university education broadly affordable even in poor developing countries .
And it can happen to any country , although advanced countries can usually tighten fiscal policy with sufficient speed and credibility that the pain comes mainly in slower growth .
Some countries are almost inevitably going to experience bailouts and defaults .
This correlation is hardly surprising , given the massive build-up in public debts that countries typically experience after a banking crisis .
We have certainly seen that this time , with crisis countries ' debt already having risen by more than 75 % since 2007 .
If it can , then perhaps watching other countries suffer will help convince the local political elite to consent to adjustment .
Greece has yet to put on its sneakers , while other troubled countries , such as Ireland , race ahead with massive fiscal adjustments .
Several large Eastern European countries , including Hungary , Romania , and Ukraine , already have substantial IMF loan programs .
Now , the eurozone countries have agreed that the Fund can come into Greece and , presumably , Portugal , Spain , Italy , and Ireland , if needed .
When France 's Dominique Strauss-Kahn took over the helm in the fall of 2007 , even poor African countries were shunning the IMF like a leper , preferring to make deals with non-traditional lenders such as China .
The Fund does not bestow gifts ; it only offers bridge loans to give bankrupt countries time to solve their budget problems .
Although countries occasionally can grow their way out of debt problems , as China did with its 1990 's banking crisis , bankrupt countries usually face painful budget arithmetic .
Countries usually call in the IMF only when they have been jilted by international capital markets , and are faced with desperate tightening measures no matter where they turn .
Countries turn to the Fund for help because it is typically a far softer touch than private markets .
It will be very tough -- not only for Greece , but for all the other overextended countries of Europe -- to tighten fiscal policy in the midst of recession without risking a deepening spiral .
As Qian , Reinhart , and I document , there have been numerous instances in which countries enter IMF programs but end up defaulting anyway .
The endgame could be the same for many European countries .
Countries that did not experience recent bank meltdowns , such as Canada , Australia , China , Brazil , and India , are unenthusiastic .
Even with the `` success '' of the bailouts , countries suffered massive output losses due to recessions and sustained subpar growth .
Let 's not go too far in defending the `` holdout '' countries that are resisting the IMF proposal .
These countries need to recognize that if the US and the UK do implement even modest reforms , a lot of capital will flow elsewhere , potentially overwhelming regulatory systems that seemed to work well until now .
Some developing countries , most notably Brazil , have discovered huge potential offshore riches .
And , as is often the case , a crisis in one country may go global , with many other countries radically scaling back off-shore and out-of-bounds projects .
The advanced countries , which can best afford to restrain long-term growth , must lead by example .
Although the reasons for gridlock differ across countries , the bottom line is that few politicians anywhere are having much success in limbering up their economies .
One sees the same phenomenon across many rich countries as well .
I believe that in most countries , the era of sleep therapy will come to an early end .
Some say that young people in the rich countries are just too well off to mobilize politically , at least en masse .
Today , with interest rates near or at record lows in many countries , it is relatively cheap to speculate in gold instead of investing in bonds .
And , to be sure , it would very difficult for countries to cap their trade surpluses in practice : there are simply too many macroeconomic and measurement uncertainties .
The Fund has little leverage over the big countries that are at the heart of the problem .
A determined effort by emerging-market countries that have external surpluses to expand imports from the US -LRB- and Europe -RRB- would do far more to address the global trade imbalances over the long run than changes to their exchange rates or fiscal policies .
Ultimately , a significant restructuring of private and\/or public debt is likely to be needed in all of the debt-distressed eurozone countries .
The eurozone 's peripheral countries , including Greece , Portugal , Ireland , and Spain , found themselves pinned to the mast of the common currency , unable to gain competitiveness through exchange-rate depreciation .
For starters , we can certainly expect a continuation of the so-called currency wars , in which countries strive to keep their exchange rates from appreciating too rapidly and choking off exports .
At the same time , these countries would regain export competiveness through massive wage reductions .
Within countries , inequality of income , wealth , and opportunity is arguably greater than at any time in the last century .
Many countries are seeing vigorous growth in prices for housing , commercial real estate , or both .
Indeed , given record-high public-debt levels in many countries , few governments have substantial scope to address inequality through further income redistribution .
Countries such as Brazil already have such high levels of transfer payments from rich to poor that further moves would undermine fiscal stability and anti-inflation credibility .
Countries such as China and Russia , with similarly high inequality , have more scope for increasing redistribution .
But leaders in both countries have been reluctant to move boldly for fear of destabilizing growth .
The causes of growing inequality within countries are well understood , and it is not necessary to belabor them here .
Competition among countries for skilled individuals and profitable industries , in turn , constrains governments ' abilities to maintain high tax rates on the wealthy .
Social mobility is further impeded as the rich shower their children with private education and after-school help , while the poorest in many countries can not afford even to let their children stay in school .
Yes , the problems facing Egypt and Tunisia today are far more profound than in many other countries .
It is difficult to speculate , though in most countries , the process will be peaceful and democratic .
Concerns about the impact of income inequality are already constraining fiscal and monetary policy in developed and developing countries alike as they attempt to extricate themselves from the hyper-stimulative policies adopted during the financial crisis .
More importantly , it is very likely that countries ' abilities to navigate the rising social tensions generated by gaping inequality could separate the winners and losers in the next round of globalization .
CAMBRIDGE -- Should more countries create independent fiscal advisory councils to infuse greater objectivity into national budget debates ?
Many other rich countries ' debt levels are also uncomfortably close to 150-year highs , despite relative peace in much of the world .
For now , low world interest rates are restraining debt-service costs , but debt levels can be reduced only very gradually over long periods , whereas real -LRB- inflation-adjusted -RRB- interest rates can rise far more quickly , even for rich countries .
Debt crises tend to come out of the blue , hitting countries whose debt trajectories simply have no room for error or unplanned adversity .
Many countries require sweeping reforms to make their tax systems more efficient and their entitlement programs -- including their pension schemes -- more realistic .
A number of countries , including Denmark , the Netherlands , the US , and Belgium , have long-standing fiscal watchdog agencies , such as the US Congressional Budget Office -LRB- CBO -RRB- .
The term , after all , is predicated on a dangerous misdiagnosis of the problems that confront the United States and other countries , leading to bad forecasts and bad policy .
An analogous approach can be done for countries . For example , rich countries ' voters in Europe could perhaps be persuaded to engage in a much larger bailout for Greece -LRB- one that is actually big enough to work -RRB- , in exchange for higher payments in ten to fifteen years if Greek growth outperforms .
Never mind the obvious flaw in the Fund 's logic , namely that countries such as Greece and Portugal face policy and implementation risks far more akin to emerging markets than to truly advanced economies such as Germany and the United States .
My own sarcastic reaction was to think , `` Oh , now the IMF thinks that some of the core eurozone countries are a default risk . ''
The Fund is doing Europe 's people no favor by failing to push aggressively for a more realistic solution , including dramatic debt write-downs for peripheral eurozone countries and re-allocating core-country guarantees elsewhere .
And , if the stronger northern eurozone countries are unwilling to digest this transfer -- and political resistance runs high -- the ECB may be forced to recapitalize itself through money creation .
First , investors might be telling themselves that in the worst-case scenario , the northern European countries will effectively push out the weaker countries , creating a super-euro .
While the US tries to achieve this through hard power , regime change , sanctions , and threats of pre-emptive military intervention , Europe uses soft power , diplomacy , inclusion , and partnership .
Surely , the fact that the Philippines is notorious for being one of the world 's most corrupt countries explains why non-seaworthy vessels with incompetent crews continue to ply their routes .
According to Robert Gibbs , Obama 's press spokesman , and Brazilian authorities , Obama said he had no objections whatsoever to Lula talking to Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . But Obama suggested using the weight of commercial relations between the two countries to tell the Iranian leader that he should follow Brazil 's example -LRB- in Brazil , the ban on nuclear energy for military purposes is enshrined in the Constitution -RRB- .
Furthermore , he urged Ahmadinejad `` to continue to engage countries interested in finding a fair and balanced solution to Iran 's nuclear question . ''
Relations between Iran and the countries that are negotiating the nuclear question have deteriorated since Ahmadinejad 's visit to Brazil last year , which came soon after his disputed re-election . One result is the open difference of opinion on Iran between French President Nicolas Sarkozy and Lula , or between Lula and German Chancellor Angela Merkel .
Murdered when France and Germany refused to abide by its rules , the Stability Pact 's ghost is haunting Europe , particularly the postcommunist countries that join the European Union in May .
By breaking the Pact 's ban on fiscal deficits exceeding 3 % of GDP , France and Germany undermined this limit as a key criterion for determining whether countries are ready for eurozone membership .
Although the criterion requires only that countries remain within the ERM 's normal fluctuation band - 15 % on either side of a central parity - the Commission says that it will base recommendations concerning candidate countries ' admission on whether their exchange rates remain within a 2.25 % band .
But the three countries that prospective members can be compared to may be outside the eurozone .
Indeed , in September 2003 , the three `` reference '' countries would have been Lithuania , Poland , and the Czech Republic , were they already members of the EU -LRB- they join in May -RRB- .
Moreover , the inflation criterion fails to allow for higher inflation in services and construction in faster-growing countries .
Finally , the interest rate criterion requires that rates on 10-year government bonds not be more than two percentage points above the rates in the three countries performing best in terms of inflation .
Four large countries and several small ones had to be brought into nominal convergence to ensure that the anchor of a common currency did not rip their economies apart .
But the small countries now wishing to join the eurozone , which together make up 6 % of the zone 's economy , can not impose significant damage on existing members were they to get convergence wrong , let alone anything like the damage caused by Germany joining with an overvalued currency .
However , the possibility that rapid growth might generate higher inflation in fast-growing accession countries suggests that a slight increase in the permitted inflation margin - to , say , 2.5 percentage points - should be allowed .
Of course , most economists believe that fiscal rules are needed to prevent some countries from free riding on low interest rates and running up debt to what would otherwise be unsustainable levels .
And the common security agenda of confidence-building and transparency must be based on the indivisibility of security in Europe and the transatlantic area as a whole , including respect for sovereignty and territorial integrity -- not just for alliance members , but for all countries that belong to the broader transatlantic security community .
The Albright report tries to address these questions in a balanced way .
Indeed , the world should expect a near recession in Russia and Brazil in 2009 , owing to low commodity prices , and a sharp slowdown in China and India that will be the equivalent of a hard landing -LRB- growth well below potential -RRB- for these countries .
To be sure , much more aggressive policy action -LRB- massive and unconventional monetary easing , larger fiscal-stimulus packages , bailouts of financial firms , individual mortgage-debt relief , and increased financial support for troubled emerging markets -RRB- in many countries in the last few months has reduced the risk of a near depression .
Third , in countries running current-account deficits , consumers need to cut spending and save much more for many years .
Finally , the reduction of global imbalances implies that the current-account deficits of profligate economies -LRB- the US and other Anglo-Saxon countries -RRB- will narrow the current-account surpluses of over-saving countries -LRB- China and other emerging markets , Germany , and Japan -RRB- .
But if domestic demand does not grow fast enough in surplus countries , the resulting lack of global demand relative to supply -- or , equivalently , the excess of global savings relative to investment spending -- will lead to a weaker recovery in global growth , with most economies growing far more slowly than their potential .
Many of the lost jobs -- in construction , finance , and outsourced manufacturing and services -- are gone forever , and recent studies suggest that a quarter of US jobs can be fully outsourced over time to other countries .
Indeed , rating-agency downgrades , a widening of sovereign spreads , and failed public-debt auctions in countries like the United Kingdom , Greece , Ireland , and Spain provided a stark reminder last year that unless advanced economies begin to put their fiscal houses in order , investors , bond-market vigilantes , and rating agencies may turn from friend to foe .
The severe recession , combined with the financial crisis during 2008-2009 , worsened developed countries ' fiscal positions , owing to stimulus spending , lower tax revenues , and backstopping and ring-fencing of their financial sectors .
The impact was greater in countries that had a history of structural fiscal problems , maintained loose fiscal policies , and ignored fiscal reforms during the boom years .
In the future , a weak economic recovery and an aging population are likely to increase the debt burden of many advanced economies , including the United States , the UK , Japan , and several euro-zone countries .
Countries with weaker initial fiscal positions -- such as Greece , the UK , Ireland , Spain , and Iceland -- have been forced by the market to implement early fiscal consolidation .
Countries like Latvia and Hungary have shown a willingness to do so .
But investors will become increasingly cautious even about these countries if the necessary fiscal consolidation is delayed .
Euro accession and bull-market `` convergence trades '' pushed bond yields in these countries toward the level of German bunds , with the ensuing credit boom supporting excessive consumption growth .
But a weaker euro would not eliminate the need for structural reforms ; otherwise , the benefits would go mostly to countries like Germany that undertook painful reforms to restore competitiveness via a reduction in relative unit labor costs .
In countries that can not issue debt in their own currency -LRB- traditionally emerging-market economies -RRB- , or that issue debt in their own currency but can not independently print money -LRB- as in the euro zone -RRB- , unsustainable fiscal deficits often lead to a credit crisis , a sovereign default , or other coercive form of public-debt restructuring .
In countries that borrow in their own currency and can monetize the public debt , a sovereign debt crisis is unlikely , but monetization of fiscal deficits can eventually lead to high inflation .
Eventually they may take aim at other countries -- even Japan and the United States -- where fiscal policy is on an unsustainable path .
In countries like the euro-zone members , a loss of external competitiveness , caused by tight monetary policy and a strong currency , erosion of long-term comparative advantage relative to emerging markets , and wage growth in excess of productivity growth , impose further constraints on the resumption of growth .
Within the PIIGS , the problems are not just excessive public deficits and debt ratios -LRB- in different degrees and measures in the five countries -RRB- .
All successful rescues of countries in financial distress -- Mexico , Korea , Thailand , Brazil , Turkey -- require two conditions : the country 's credible willingness to impose the fiscal austerity and structural reforms needed to restore sustainability and growth ; and massive amounts of front-loaded official support to avoid a self-fulfilling rollover crisis of maturing public and\/or private short-term debts .
If fiscal imbalances are not addressed through spending cuts and revenue increases , only two options remain : inflation for countries that borrow in their own currency and can monetize their deficits ; or default for countries that borrow in a foreign currency or ca n't print their own .
While fiscal austerity may be necessary in countries with large deficits and debt , raising taxes and cutting government spending may make the recession and deflation worse .
On the other hand , if policymakers maintain the stimulus for too long , runaway fiscal deficits may lead to a sovereign debt crisis -LRB- markets are already punishing fiscally undisciplined countries with larger sovereign spreads -RRB- .
The problem is compounded by the fact that , for the last decade , the US and other deficit countries -- including the United Kingdom , Spain , Greece , Portugal , Ireland , Iceland , Dubai , and Australia -- have been consumers of first and last resort , spending more than their income and running current-account deficits .
Meanwhile , emerging Asian economies -- particularly China -- together with Japan , Germany , and a few other countries have been the producers of first and last resort , spending less than their income and running current-account surpluses .
Overspending countries are now retrenching , owing to the need to reduce their private and public spending , to import less , and to reduce their external deficits and deleverage .
But if the deficit countries spend less while the surplus countries do n't compensate by savings less and spending more -- especially on private and public consumption -- then excess productive capacity will meet a lack of aggregate demand , leading to another slump in global economic growth .
First , in countries where early fiscal austerity is necessary to prevent a fiscal crisis , monetary policy should be much easier -- via lower policy rates and more quantitative easing -- to compensate for the recessionary and deflationary effects of fiscal tightening .
Second , countries where bond-market vigilantes have not yet awakened -- the US , the UK , and Japan -- should maintain their fiscal stimulus while designing credible fiscal consolidation plans to be implemented later over the medium term .
Third , over-saving countries like China and emerging Asia , Germany , and Japan should implement policies that reduce their savings and current-account surpluses .
Fourth , countries with current-account surpluses should let their undervalued currencies appreciate , while the ECB should follow an easier monetary policy that accommodates a gradual further weakening of the euro to restore competiveness and growth in the eurozone .
Fifth , in countries where private-sector deleveraging is very rapid via a fall in private consumption and private investment , the fiscal stimulus should be maintained and extended , as long as financial markets do not perceive those deficits as unsustainable .
Seventh , in countries where private and public debt levels are unsustainable -- household debt in countries where the housing boom has gone bust and debts of governments , like Greece 's , that suffer from insolvency rather than just illiquidity -- liabilities should be restructured and reduced to prevent a severe debt deflation and contraction of spending .
Finally , the International Monetary Fund , the European Union , and other multilateral institutions should provide generous lender-of-last-resort support in order to prevent a severe deflationary recession in countries that need private and public deleveraging .
Countries that can still afford fiscal stimulus and need to reduce their savings and increase spending should contribute to the global current-account adjustment -- via currency adjustments and expenditure increases -- in order to prevent a global shortage of aggregate demand .
Such an outcome would cause another bout of severe systemic risk in global financial markets , trigger a series of contagious sovereign defaults , and severely damage the growth prospects of emerging-market economies that have so far experienced a more robust recovery than advanced countries .
At the global level , the countries that spent too much -- the United States , the United Kingdom , Spain , Greece , and elsewhere -- now need to deleverage and are spending , consuming , and importing less .
But countries that saved too much -- China , emerging Asia , Germany , and Japan -- are not spending more to compensate for the fall in spending by deleveraging countries .
Fiscal stimulus will disappear as austerity programs take hold in most countries .
This is bad news for export growth in the rest of Asia and among commodity -- rich countries , which increasingly rely on Chinese imports .
But now sovereign spreads in the peripheral eurozone countries have returned to the levels seen at the peak of the crisis in May .
All of the eurozone 's peripheral countries ' GDP is still either contracting -LRB- Spain , Ireland , and Greece -RRB- or barely growing -LRB- Italy and Portugal -RRB- .
Over-spending countries -- such as the United States and other `` Anglo-Saxon '' economies -- that were over-leveraged and running current-account deficits now must save more and spend less on domestic demand .
But over-saving countries -- such as China , Japan , and Germany -- that were running current-account surpluses are resisting their currencies ' nominal appreciation .
A world where over-spending countries need to reduce domestic demand and boost net exports , while over-saving countries are unwilling to reduce their reliance on export-led growth , is a world where currency tensions must inevitably come to a boil .
If China , emerging markets , and other surplus countries prevent nominal currency appreciation via intervention -- and prevent real appreciation via sterilization of such intervention -- the only way deficit countries can achieve real depreciation is via deflation .
If nominal and real depreciation -LRB- appreciation -RRB- of the deficit -LRB- surplus -RRB- countries fails to occur , the deficit countries ' falling domestic demand and the surplus countries ' failure to reduce savings and increase consumption will lead to a global shortfall in aggregate demand in the face of a capacity glut .
This will fuel more global deflation and private and public debt defaults in debtor countries , which will ultimately undermine creditor countries ' growth and wealth .
In the past year , the world has seen another boom , with a tsunami of capital , portfolio equity , and fixed-income investments surging into emerging-market countries perceived as having strong macroeconomic , policy , and financial fundamentals .
In short , an optimal path of fiscal austerity would , in most countries , imply a back-loaded but credible commitment to medium-term consolidation , together with short-term additional stimulus when necessary and allowed by market conditions , thereby avoiding the prospect of a deflationary and recessionary spiral .
So , even if these countries were to implement the necessary fiscal and structural reforms , an increase of official resources would nonetheless be needed .
Since quasi-fiscal union implies that the eurozone 's core economies could end up systematically bailing out those on the periphery , only a formal loss of fiscal sovereignty -- a credible commitment by the peripheral countries to medium - and long-term fiscal discipline -- could overcome the current political resistance of Germany and others .
These are : an anemic , below-trend , U-shaped recovery in advanced economies , as firms and households continue to repair their balance sheets ; a stronger , V-shaped recovery in emerging-market countries , owing to stronger macroeconomic , financial , and policy fundamentals .
That adds up to close to 4 % annual growth for the global economy , with advanced economies growing at around 2 % and emerging-market countries growing at about 6 % .
Moreover , further increases in oil , energy , and commodity prices could lead to negative terms of trade and a reduction in real disposable income in net commodity-importing countries , while adding to inflationary pressures in emerging markets .
Countries with large current-account deficits need nominal and real depreciation -LRB- to sustain growth via net exports while ongoing private - and public-sector deleveraging keeps domestic demand weak -RRB- , whereas surplus countries -LRB- especially emerging markets -RRB- are using currency intervention to resist nominal appreciation and sterilized intervention to combat real appreciation .
This is forcing deficit countries into real exchange-rate adjustments via deflation -- and thus a rising burden of public and private debt that may lead to disorderly defaults .
Positive feedback from consumption to production , employment , and income generation -- both within countries and across countries via trade channels -- could further accelerate the pace of global growth , particularly if monetary policies in most advanced economies remain looser than expected , supporting asset reflation and thus demand and growth .
NEW YORK -- The countries known collectively as the PIIGS -- Portugal , Ireland , Italy , Greece , and Spain -- are burdened with increasingly unsustainable levels of public and private debt . Several of the worst-hit -- Portugal , Ireland , and Greece -- have seen their borrowing costs soar to record highs in recent weeks , even after their loss of market access led to bailouts financed by the European Union and the International Monetary Fund .
This `` extend and pretend '' or `` lend and pray '' approach is bound to fail , because , unfortunately , most of the options that indebted countries have used in the past to extricate themselves from excessive debt are not feasible .
Nor can we expect rapid GDP growth to save these countries .
Moreover , whatever economic growth some of these countries might eventually register is contingent on enacting politically unpopular reforms that will work only in the long run -- and at the cost of even more short-term pain .
To restore growth , these countries must also regain competitiveness by achieving a real depreciation of their currency , thus turning trade deficits into surpluses .
Policymakers should also consider innovations used to help debt-burdened developing countries in the 1980 's and 1990 's .
To reduce the risk of financial pressures on Italy and Spain , both countries need to press ahead with fiscal austerity and structural reforms .
So , although the process of deleveraging has barely started , debt reductions will become necessary if countries can not grow or save or inflate themselves out of their debt problems .
So , if countries in the eurozone 's periphery are forced to undertake fiscal austerity , countries able to provide short-term stimulus should do so and postpone their own austerity efforts .
These countries include the United States , the United Kingdom , Germany , the core of the eurozone , and Japan .
Sixth , even if Greece and other peripheral eurozone countries are given significant debt relief , economic growth will not resume until competitiveness is restored .
And countries , like China , that rely excessively on net exports for growth should accelerate reforms , including more rapid currency appreciation , in order to boost domestic demand and consumption .
In Anglo-Saxon countries , the response was to democratize credit -- via financial liberalization -- thereby fueling a rise in private debt as households borrowed to make up the difference .
The resulting build-up of private and public debt in over-spending countries became unmanageable when housing bubbles burst -LRB- Ireland and Spain -RRB- and current-account deficits , fiscal gaps , or both became unsustainable throughout the eurozone 's periphery .
Moreover , the peripheral countries ' large current-account deficits , fueled as they were by excessive consumption , were accompanied by economic stagnation and loss of competitiveness .
Even structural reform reduces output in the short run , because it requires firing workers , shutting down money-losing firms , and gradually reallocating labor and capital to emerging new industries .
If the peripheral countries remain mired in a deflationary trap of high debt , falling output , weak competitiveness , and structural external deficits , eventually they will be tempted by a third option : default and exit from the eurozone .
Unless they abandon asymmetric adjustment -LRB- recessionary deflation -RRB- , which concentrates all of the pain in the periphery , in favor of a more symmetrical approach -LRB- austerity and structural reforms on the periphery , combined with eurozone-wide reflation -RRB- , the monetary union 's slow-developing train wreck will accelerate as peripheral countries default and exit .
But if the US recession is long and severe , the result could be outright recession in some countries -LRB- the United Kingdom , Spain , Ireland , Italy , and Japan -RRB- , and even financial crises in vulnerable emerging-market economies .
Then panic spread to credit markets , money markets , and currency markets , highlighting the vulnerabilities of many developing countries ' financial systems and corporate sectors , which had experienced credit booms and had borrowed short and in foreign currencies .
Countries with large current-account deficits and\/or large fiscal deficits and with large short-term foreign currency liabilities have been the most fragile .
Leveraging and bubbles were not limited to America 's housing market , but also characterized housing markets in other countries .
? an agreement between creditor countries running current-account surpluses and debtor countries running current-account deficits to maintain an orderly financing of deficits and a recycling of creditors ' surpluses to avoid disorderly adjustment of such imbalances .
There were housing bubbles in many other countries , fueled by excessive cheap lending that did not reflect underlying risks . There was also a commodity bubble and a private equity and hedge funds bubble .
Only aggressive , coordinated , and effective policy actions by advanced and emerging-market countries can ensure that the global economy recovers in 2010 , rather than entering a more protracted period of economic stagnation .
Together with a group of friendly countries , the OAS and the Carter Center helped convince Chávez of the inevitability of a recall vote .
Those figures were for an EU of 15 countries , so with today 's 27 members the possibilities are even greater .
A side benefit for the EU 's standing in the world could be that the World Trade Organization 's stalled Doha negotiations could be restarted once farmers in developing countries are assured of getting a fair deal from Europe .
Unfortunately , the discussion between countries on trade nowadays is very much a dialogue of the deaf , with countries spouting platitudes at one another , but no enforceable and verifiable commitments agreed upon .
Such actions are problematic not only because they insulate inefficient forms of production , but also because foreign countries respond by adopting similar measures towards their national champions , so that everyone is worse off .
Perhaps of greatest concern , moreover , is that the public , especially in poor countries that can not undertake offsetting measures , will come to distrust global integration , with multinationals viewed as Trojan horses .
In addition to explicit protectionist measures , governments now plan actions that will affect others across the globe . For example , the large volume of public debt that industrial countries will issue will undoubtedly raise interest rates and affect developing country governments ' borrowing costs .
There is little dialogue about how industrial country issuances can be staggered to minimize the impact on global markets , and what alternatives can be developed for countries that are shut out .
If developing countries are left to their own devices , they will conclude that they should self-insure by rebuilding foreign-exchange reserves to even higher levels , a strategy that has clearly hurt global growth .
While the IMFC could be shrunk -LRB- for example , if euro-zone countries agree to a common seat -RRB- , the real challenge is to make it a venue in which countries talk to one another rather than at one another .
Current executive directors typically do not have the authority to make commitments on their countries ' behalf , so their effort is often diverted to minutiae .
Unfortunately , the Fund is not regarded as being impartial , especially by countries that have been seared by its past conditionality .
The IMF has , however , become far more neutral than it is given credit for -- though it could take more steps to distance itself from its past . These include abolishing any region or country 's right to appoint IMF management ; allowing the Fund to borrow from markets , so that it does not have to keep seeking key countries ' permission to expand ; eliminating any country 's official veto power over major decisions ; and having its agenda set by the IMFC rather than outside bodies .
Industrial countries should be happy that developing countries would take greater responsibility for global economic outcomes , rather than simply sulking about their lack of voice and representation .
Developing countries , in turn , would gain greater voice , but would also be forced to contribute ideas -LRB- and resources -RRB- to deal with global problems .
According to Kosovo President Fatmir Sejdiu , `` The decision finally removes all doubts that countries which still do not recognize the Republic of Kosovo could have . ''
The Court has required that amnesties granted to political and military leaders in Argentina and other countries in the region as part of a transition to democracy be set aside .
At the same time that the World Bank publicly described Egypt as one of the region 's most corrupt countries , its own International Finance Corporation maintained Egypt as a leading customer .
In both countries , a narrow elite managed and manipulated the economy for their own benefit , but found it easy to win praise from the international financial institutions whenever they made gestures toward liberalization .
Critics of forgiving odious debt argue that it risks discouraging future lending to some developing countries , given the uncertainty of being repaid .
ANKARA -- Turkey put its imprint as one of the most influential countries not only on 2010 , but on the first decade of the third millennium .
There are few countries that can play such a critical role .
Therefore , we urge Israel and all other countries involved to follow constructive and peaceful policies .
The United States and Britain have supported the withdrawal plan , while most other European countries have been critical .
Hamas 's takeover of Gaza is a victory for the bloc comprising Iran , Syria , and Hezbollah , as well as the separate branches of the Muslim Brotherhood -LRB- of which Hamas is one -RRB- seeking to capture power in their own countries .
For a half-century , reformers explain , Arab nationalist regimes have been a disaster , creating societies and economies that rank low by every statistical measure of development , while leading their countries into countless costly but fruitless wars and crises .
But the new liberal wave in the Arab world is reflected in media coverage that praised Iraq 's election and suggested that it might make a good model for other Arab countries .
All the Arab entries in an annual essay contest run by a Western agency used to focus on Israel 's alleged responsibility for all the region 's problems .
Obama will need firmly to support Pakistan 's fragile elected government as it tries to gain control over the army and intelligence apparatus and thus reverse decades of support for militants .
Another that warrants rereading is his 1990 paper `` Macroeconomic Populism '' , which accurately depicts a temptation to which policymakers in Latin America and other countries often used to succumb .
Over 60 countries are working together to halt the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
As the Iraqi people take more steps along the challenging road to democracy , more NATO countries have agreed to help train Iraqi security personnel by providing funds or equipment and by establishing a war college and military academies .
No one in our delegation was sure what to expect , given the uneasy relations between our two countries at the time .
But in other ways Russia has been unhelpful -- using energy resources as a political weapon , for example , and in their resistance to positive political changes in neighboring countries .
In addition to the choices that these and other countries make , America 's own choices will be an important factor determining what kind of future it faces .
Today , nations that were members of the Soviet Union 's Warsaw Pact , as well as some of the former Soviet Republics -- countries that we used to call `` captive nations '' -- are valued members of NATO and represent some of our most stalwart allies in the War on Terror .
As expansion of the EU approaches , many Europeans see in it only things to be feared : masses of economic migrants , and poor countries demanding subsidies .
This fear contributed to the reluctance of countries like Denmark and Sweden to embrace greater European integration .
In both countries , majorities voted against adopting the euro because they feared that national welfare norms would become curtailed .
Many EU members look at the newcomers from Central and Eastern Europe and see countries that largely try to adhere to the liberal , free-market model .
Having spent a decade dismantling the debris of state socialism , most of these countries chafe at the idea of importing the European social market 's idea of solidarity via the EU .
With zero growth and 10 % unemployment , Western Europe 's `` Rhineland model '' is no longer what countries seeking to undertake root-and-branch social and economic reform want to emulate .
So the need to reform health and pension systems is similar in all of these countries .
But the Union 's regulatory authority is likely to be accepted by the accession countries only if it remains tied to the redistributionist ethic at the heart of the EU 's social model .
Countries that benefited most from European solidarity over the past twenty years are thus the least eager to share with their poor Eastern relations .
Science tries to tell us about the physical world and how it works . Religion aims at giving a meaning to the world and to our place in it .
In poor countries like Nigeria , the battle against AIDS demands an array of medical personnel , clinics , and medicines that simply do not exist .
Until recently , Africa 's poorest countries have been failing on this count .
Yet , in many African countries , HIV\/AIDS is not at the top of the national agenda .
Everyone working in these countries -- whether in the private or public sector -- must now place the fight against HIV\/AIDS front and center .
Ministries of health can not go it alone .
If donor countries provide adequate financial and technical resources , and recipient governments offer the necessary financial and political commitment , a generation of Folas will be found to carry the fight forward .
To varying degrees , local and national officials in these countries , and in Colombia , Chile , Costa Rica , Peru , and Uruguay are collectively rewriting the authoritarian playbook .
The picture is not all grim , and , ironically , reporting on news manipulation has helped galvanize politicians in some countries to create better and more enforceable rules of the road .
This is wrong on all counts : Africa is trapped in poverty , many countries are well poised to use aid effectively , and America 's contribution is tiny relative to Africa 's needs , America 's promises , and America 's wealth .
Third , Africa is economically isolated , owing to very poor infrastructure , large over-land distances , and many landlocked countries .
But impoverished and slow-growing African countries like Ghana , Senegal , Mali , Benin , and Malawi are ranked as having less corruption than fast-growing Asian countries like Vietnam , Bangladesh , and Indonesia .
Indeed , America 's own Millennium Challenge Account has already recognized such African countries for their strong governance .
Rich countries should help African farmers use improved seed varieties , more fertilizer , and better water management , such as small-scale irrigation .
Africa is ready to break out of poverty if the US and other rich countries help .
Incredibly , the actions of the richest countries -- which promised solidarity with the world 's poorest people at the G-8 Summit in July -- have intensified the hunger crisis .
The problem is especially severe in landlocked countries like Mali , Niger , Rwanda , and Malawi , where high transport costs leave villages isolated from markets , and in regions that depend on rainfall rather than river-based irrigation .
Yields , on average , barely support survival , and crop failures are common and deadly , while long-term global climate change , caused mainly by high energy consumption in the rich countries , may be exacerbating the frequency and severity of droughts .
Instead , donor governments and the World Bank have insisted for years that impoverished countries cut financing to these villages , under the guise of promoting `` macroeconomic stability '' -- a polite way of demanding debt repayment -- and reflecting the ideological delusion that the private sector will step in .
Second , and simultaneously , donors should help impoverished countries to invest in roads , ports , rural electricity , and diversified production -LRB- both agricultural and non-agricultural -RRB- , in order to promote higher productivity and alternative livelihoods in the longer term .
This is a year of both widespread hunger and solemn promises by the rich countries .
But the US government 's failings are matched in many parts of the world , and certainly in the poorest countries , where scientific expertise is scarce , and where many governments do not have scientific advisory councils to turn to for guidance .
The Pakistan earthquake continues a streak of shocking natural disasters during the past year : the Indian Ocean tsunami , killer droughts in Niger and other countries in Africa , Hurricanes Katrina and Rita , Central American mudslides , and Portugal 's wildfires .
First , they should be making careful assessments of the specific kinds of risks their countries face , including risks from epidemics , climate change , extreme weather events , and earthquakes .
Corruption undermines the quality of life for people around the world , not only in poor countries .
In the poorest countries , where illiteracy is high , desperate people are subject to government manipulation , and there is a lack of independent control through the media and professional organizations , governments face only weak control by society .
One measure of the quality of governance in over 150 countries is provided by Transparency International , an organization dedicated to strengthening civil society in the fight against government corruption .
In the 2005 rankings , Iceland scored as the least corrupt country , with the Scandinavian countries , New Zealand , and Singapore close behind .
First , Sub-Saharan African countries are less corrupt on average than countries at the same income level in other parts of the world .
Yet the Asian countries ' economies have tended to grow much faster over the past generation .
Poor countries achieve lower levels of corruption when civil rights are protected .
In Africa , less corrupt countries like Ghana also have much better protection of civil liberties than more corruption-prone countries like Chad and Ethiopia , which are also even poorer .
Finally , the data show that corruption is highest in oil and gas-producing countries .
The use of development aid as a political stick merely deepens the suffering of impoverished and unstable countries , without producing the political objectives sought by donors .
Nationalism continues to produce powerful political `` antibodies '' to American and European meddling in other countries ' internal affairs .
First , neither the US nor European countries have much standing as legitimate arbiters of `` good governance . ''
Rich countries have long meddled , often with their own corruption and incompetence , in the internal affairs of the countries that they now lecture .
Second , US and European threats to cut off aid or impose sanctions are in any case far too weak to accomplish much besides undermining already unstable and impoverished countries .
If development aid can be directed to real needs , then it should be given to poor and unstable countries , knowing that it will save lives , improve economic performance , and thus also improve the long-term prospects for democracy and good governance .
Unlike East Asia and India , most of Latin America did not make a breakthrough to high-technology industries , instead suffering a period of low GDP growth , debt crises , and macroeconomic instability .
While no regional experience is directly transferable , the Nordic countries have successfully combined social welfare with high income levels , solid economic growth , and macroeconomic stability .
Nevertheless , whereas the taxes at the national level in the United States are equal to around 20 % of GNP , in the Nordic countries the ratio is more than 30 % .
In the Nordic countries , by contrast , the poorest 20 % of households receive nearly 10 % of total income , putting them at roughly one-half of the national average .
As a result of government-funded national health insurance , the Nordic countries have a higher life expectancy and a lower infant mortality rate than the US .
Life expectancy is close to 80 years in the Nordic countries , compared to 78 years in the US , where the government does not guarantee national health insurance and millions of families are too poor to pay for it on their own .
Ironically , the heavy reliance on the private sector in the US system is so inefficient that Americans pay a larger share of GNP for health -LRB- 14 % -RRB- than do the Nordic countries -LRB- 11 % -RRB- , but get less .
Similarly , although social welfare spending is lower in the US than in the Nordic countries , its budget deficit as a share of national income is much larger .
Nor has high taxation in the Nordic countries impeded economic performance .
Rather than relying mainly on income taxation , as in the US , the Nordic countries rely on value-added taxation , which provides a relatively high amount of revenue with relatively low rates of evasion and few distortions to the economy .
National saving in the Nordic countries averages more than 20 % of national income , compared to around 10 % in the US .
Moreover , economic growth in the Nordic countries has been similar to that in the US in recent years .
Income levels are higher on average in the US , but mainly because the Nordic countries work fewer hours per week .
In any case , all of the Nordic countries have very high incomes , and Norway 's per capita income actually exceeds the US .
Several factors appear to explain the Nordic countries ' economic success .
The Nordic countries are not `` socialist '' economies , based on state ownership and planning , but `` social welfare '' economies , based on private ownership and markets , with public provision of social protection .
Importantly , they invest heavily in higher education and in science and technology , so they remain at the cutting edge of high-technology industries .
Half a century ago , the free-market economist Friedrich von Hayek argued that a large public sector would threaten democracy itself , putting European countries on a `` road to serfdom . ''
According to Transparency International , the Nordic countries have the world 's least corrupt political systems -LRB- with Iceland and Finland ranking as the least corrupt -RRB- , while the US , with its big money politics , is fairly far down on the list .
These countries have small populations , easy access to international trade , natural resources , and peaceful neighbors .
Citizens versus Extreme Poverty Twenty years ago , a grass-roots movement led by Rotary International , a voluntary organization with around 1.2 million members in more than 200 countries , decided to attack .
As of the mid-1980 's , there were more than 300,000 cases of polio per year worldwide , despite the disease 's virtual elimination in the richest countries , where vaccination was routine .
A few years later , the World Health Organization , and then other international agencies and donor countries , joined the cause , creating a coalition of official and private organizations that now support Rotary 's vision .
In a few other countries , the disease has been sporadically reintroduced by travelers from regions where polio has not yet been eliminated .
In other words , quibbling over details should come after both sides agree on the principle of respect for the pre-1967 borders , which are recognized by key countries throughout the region and around the world , and are enshrined in numerous UN resolutions .
When Israel attempts vainly to defeat Hezbollah , it tries to avoid painful but necessary political compromises over disputed territory .
Ever since Winston Churchill led the conversion of Britain 's navy from coal to oil at the start of the last century , the Western powers have meddled incessantly in the affairs of Middle Eastern countries to keep the oil flowing , toppling governments and taking sides in wars in the supposed `` great game '' of energy resources .
Recent attempts to influence developments in these countries through threats and sanctions , and sometimes war , have failed .
The leading Asian countries , including Ban 's South Korea , have long favored a balance of diplomatic approaches and economic incentives as the way to solve complex challenges .
The Millennium Development Goals remain far off track in the poorest countries , with just nine years to go .
If the United States works more closely within the UN framework , it will find willing partners in the rising Asian powers , which are intent on using their influence and resources to solve today 's challenges . After all , Asian countries are interested in global stability to underpin their own long-term development .
The United States government has proven itself blind to these facts , but the international community also remains ill equipped to assist in the restoration of peace following conflicts in impoverished countries .
Since the economies of most impoverished post-conflict countries are based on agriculture , restarting farm output is vital . Impoverished farmers should receive a free package of seeds , fertilizers , and low-cost equipment -LRB- such as pumps for irrigation -RRB- .
Political leaders in countries that produce coal , oil , and gas -- like the US , Australia , and Canada -- have pretended that climate change is a mere hypothesis .
The Kyoto Protocol was the first attempt at such a system , but it applied only to rich countries and set only modest objectives .
All countries will have to shoulder their responsibilities to the rest of the world and to future generations .
Some rich countries , such as Spain , Portugal , Australia , and New Zealand , have fishing fleets that engage in so-called `` bottom trawling . ''
Many rainforest countries have united in recent years to suggest the establishment of a rainforest conservation fund by the rich countries , to pay impoverished small farmers a small amount of money to preserve the forest .
We are now at the halfway point . So far , despite endless words about increasing aid to poor countries , the rich G-8 countries are reneging on their part of the bargain .
At the G-8 Gleneagles Summit in 2005 , member countries pledged to double aid to Africa by 2010 .
Soon after the summit , I was invited to a small , high-level meeting to discuss the summit 's follow-up . I asked for a spreadsheet showing the year-by-year planned increases , and the allocation of those planned increases across donor and recipient countries .
With those debt cancellation operations largely completed , the data are now revealing the stark truth : development aid to Africa and to poor countries more generally is stagnant , contrary to all the promises that were made .
So the G-8 's commitment could be honored , if rich countries cared to honor it .
The lack of specific commitments by specific countries is a shocking display of governance at its poorest .
Finally , recipient countries need to be informed about the year-to-year increases in aid that they can expect , so that they can plan ahead . The increased aid should be directed at building roads , power grids , schools , and clinics , and at training teachers , doctors , and community health workers .
African countries have already identified their high-priority investments in health , education , agriculture , and infrastructure -LRB- including roads , power , and internet connectivity -RRB- .
These investments could be increased systematically during the period from now until 2015 , in order to enable these countries to achieve the Millennium Development Goals .
It 's time for the rich countries to stop giving lectures to the poor , and instead to follow through on their own words .
Instead of focusing the Bank 's attention on helping the poorest countries to improve their infrastructure , he launched a crusade against corruption .
It has become even drier in recent decades because of a decline in rainfall , which is probably the result , at least in part , of man-made climate change , caused mostly by energy use in rich countries .
The Healthier Poor Life expectancy in the world 's high-income countries is now 78 years , while it is only 51 years in the least-developed countries , and as low as 40 years in some AIDS-ridden African countries .
These deaths are not only human tragedies , but also calamities for economic development , systematically reducing economic growth and helping to keep the poorest countries trapped in poverty .
The Fund , established six years ago , has provided financing to more than 130 countries to scale up their programs against these three killer diseases .
The second myth is that aid from rich countries is inevitably wasted .
This fallacy is repeated so often by ignorant leaders in rich countries that it has become a major barrier to progress .
But poor countries are capable of establishing effective public health programs rapidly when they are helped .
Recent success stories have been made possible through a combination of increased spending from poor countries ' budgets , supplemented by aid from rich-country donors .
But households in the least-developed countries have many children -- an average of five per woman -- partly because fear of high childhood death rates leads them to overcompensate with large families .
Virtually all countries will face a host of intersecting challenges from climate change , such as overhauling the energy sector and adjusting to changing patterns of rainfall , storms , droughts , and floods .
Likewise , the unwillingness of major developing countries such as China and India to sign on to a plan also seems to be ending , though considerable work remains to craft a global agreement to which both rich and poor countries can agree .
Poor countries do not and will not accept a system of climate control that condemns them to continued poverty .
Third , we must help countries adapt to the climate change that is already occurring and that will intensify in the future .
Such commitments are to be taken in the context of `` sustainable development , '' meaning that `` economic and social development and poverty reduction are global priorities . '' The plan also calls for knowledge transfer to enable poor countries to adopt environmentally sound technologies .
The key insight is that roughly 75 % of our fossil fuel use goes for just a few purposes : to produce electricity and heat at power plants , to drive automobiles , to heat buildings , and to power a few key industries such as refineries , petrochemicals , cement , and steel .
And rich countries will be able to afford to help poor countries pay for the new , cleaner technologies .
To reach agreement by 2009 , we must move beyond current generalities by which rich and poor countries argue about who should be blamed for climate change and who should pay the costs .
We must ensure that all countries adopt a verifiable strategy for environmentally sound technology , and that rich countries fulfill the Bali Action Plan 's promise to provide `` financial and other incentives '' to enable poor countries to adopt the new technologies .
But let 's see the positive message instead : 190 countries agreed on a sensible plan , and the underlying science and technology gives us realistic hopes for achieving it .
This raises another challenge of technological innovation : we will need to support the transfer of proven technologies to poorer countries .
If rich countries monopolize new technologies , the goal of worldwide use to solve worldwide problems will be defeated .
Rich countries should fund these efforts heavily , and they should be carried out in collaboration with poor countries and the private sector .
While a few energy-exporting countries in the Middle East and elsewhere reap huge profits , the rest of the world is suffering as the price of oil has topped $ 110 per barrel and that of coal has doubled .
For developing countries to continue to enjoy rapid economic growth , and for rich countries to avoid a slump caused , it will be necessary to develop new energy technologies .
Such `` carbon capture and sequestration , '' or CCS , is urgently needed in the major coal-consuming countries , especially China , India , Australia , and the US .
A New Deal for Poor Farmers NEW YORK -- Many poor , food-importing countries around the world have become desperate in recent months , as global prices of rice , wheat , and maize have doubled .
But many poor countries can grow more food themselves , because their farmers are producing far below what is technologically possible .
The problem is that these improved inputs have bypassed the poorest farmers and the poorest countries .
Around the world , government-run agricultural banks in poor countries once not only financed inputs , but also provided agricultural advice and spread new seed technologies .
During the debt crisis of the 1980 's and 1990 's , the International Monetary Fund and World Bank forced dozens of poor food-importing countries to dismantle these state systems .
The time has come to reestablish public financing systems that enable small farmers in the poorest countries , notably those farming on two hectares or less , to gain access to needed inputs of high-yield seeds , fertilizer , and small-scale irrigation .
Other low-income countries should follow suit .
If the Bank provides grants to poor countries to help small peasant farmers gain access to improved inputs , then it will be possible for those countries to increase their food production in a short period of time .
Donor governments , including the oil-rich countries of the Middle East , should help finance the World Bank 's new efforts .
That 's achievable if the World Bank , donor governments , and poor countries direct their attention to the urgent needs of the world 's poorest farmers .
Saving Resources to Save Growth NEW YORK -- Reconciling global economic growth , especially in developing countries , with the intensifying constraints on global supplies of energy , food , land , and water is the great question of our time .
The basic issue is that the world economy is now so large that it is hitting against limits never before experienced . There are 6.7 billion people , and the population continues to rise by around 75 million per year , notably in the world 's poorest countries .
There is , of course , an enormous gap between rich countries , at roughly $ 40,000 per person , and the poorest , at $ 1,000 per person or less .
But many poor countries , most famously China and India , have achieved extraordinary economic growth in recent years by harnessing cutting-edge technologies .
The rich world should commit to financing a massive program of technology development -- renewable energy , fuel-efficient cars , and green buildings -- and to a program of technology transfer to developing countries .
Such a commitment would also give crucial confidence to poor countries that climate-change control will not become a barrier to long-term economic development .
The hunger crisis can be overcome in poor countries if they get help to grow more food .
Starting in January 2009 with the new US president , politicians should take the best chance for their own political survival , and of course for their countries ' well-being , by reinvigorating global cooperation .
This easy-money policy , backed by regulators who failed to regulate , created unprecedented housing and consumer credit bubbles in the US and other countries , notably those that shared America 's policy orientation .
But these steps , urgent as they are , will not prevent a recession in the US and other countries hit by the crisis .
The US will be hardest hit , but other countries with recent housing and consumption booms -LRB- and now busts -RRB- -- particularly the United Kingdom , Ireland , Australia , Canada , and Spain -- will be hit as well .
It is no coincidence that , with the exception of Spain , all of these countries explicitly adhered to the US philosophy of `` free-market '' and under-regulated financial systems .
These countries are flush with cash , and are not burdened by the collapse of a housing bubble .
America 's net exports will have to increase , meaning that the net exports of China , Japan , and other surplus countries will consequently decrease .
So long as the credits are long term and carry a modest interest rate -LRB- say , 25-year dollar loans at 5 % per annum -RRB- , the recipient countries could repay the loans out of the significant boost in incomes that would result over the course of a generation .
The benefits would be extraordinary , for both Africa and the rich countries , which would be putting their businesses and skilled workers back to work .
In typical business cycles , countries are usually left to manage the recovery largely on their own .
Spain , under the leadership of Prime Minister José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero , has given a major stimulus to helping the poorest countries to achieve the Millennium Development Goals -LRB- MDGs -RRB- .
These efforts have been matched by actions in the poorest countries .
Leadership is needed , within the countries in need as well as among the rich nations that can help to launch and finance the solutions .
Dozens of low-income , food-deficit countries , perhaps as many as 40-50 , have elaborated urgent programs for increased food production by small farms , but are currently held back by the lack of donor funding .
These countries have appealed to the World Bank for financing , and the Bank made a valiant effort in 2008 to help through its new Global Food Crisis Response Program -LRB- GFCRP -RRB- .
But the Bank does not yet have sufficient funds to meet these countries ' urgent needs , and has had to ration assistance to a small fraction of the flows that could be effectively and reliably used .
Many individual donor countries have declared that they are now prepared to increase their financial support for smallholder agriculture , but are searching for the appropriate mechanisms to do so .
African countries search endlessly , and mostly fruitlessly , for the small amounts of funding needed for their purchases of fertilizer and improved seeds .
These pooled funds would enable farmers in poor countries to obtain the fertilizer , improved seed varieties , and small-scale irrigation equipment that they urgently need .
Poor countries would receive prompt and predictable financing for agricultural inputs from a single account , rather than from dozens of distinct and fragmented donors .
By pooling financial resources into a single-donor FCM , aid programs ' administrative costs could be kept low , the availability of aid flows could be assured , and poor countries would not have to negotiate 25 times in order to receive help .
History can be made in Madrid at the end of January , when the world 's richest and poorest countries converge to seek solutions to the global hunger crisis .
Poor regions are also suffering from climate changes such as more frequent droughts , caused by rich countries ' greenhouse-gas emissions .
At the same time , impoverished countries have huge needs for infrastructure , especially roads , rail , renewable energy , water and sanitation , and for improved current delivery of vital life-saving services , including health care and support for food production .
The leading economies -- especially the US , European Union , and Japan -- should establish new programs to finance infrastructure investments in low-income countries .
The new lending should be at least $ 100 billion per year , directed towards developing countries .
The new financing would include direct loans from rich countries ' export-credit agencies to enable poor countries to borrow long term -LRB- for example , 40 years -RRB- to build roads , power grids , renewable energy generation , ports , fiber optic networks , and water and sanitation systems .
Moreover , Japan can boost its own economy and those of the poorest countries by directing its own industrial production to the infrastructure needs of the developing world .
By directing resources away from rich countries ' consumption to developing countries ' investment needs , the world can achieve a `` triple '' victory .
Higher investment and social spending in poor countries will stimulate the entire world economy , spur economic development , and promote environmental sustainability through investments in renewable energy , efficient water use , and sustainable agriculture .
Viewed in this way , an essential policy that developed and developing countries should pursue in overcoming the crisis is to build infrastructure suitable for the twenty-first century .
As access to international bank loans , bond flotations , and foreign direct investment is lost , infrastructure projects talked about in the past are now being shelved , threatening the political and economic stability of dozens of developing countries .
Governments should thus strengthen their ministries of infrastructure -LRB- including power , roads , water and sanitation , and information and communication technologies -RRB- , as well as their national development banks , so that they can properly design long-term infrastructure projects and programs .
The ability to offset the crisis in a constructive manner through expanded public-private partnerships will determine the subsequent success of countries and regions .
This is also a recipe for global failure , and even future conflict . Developed countries will have to do far more to help poor countries through the transition to sustainability .
Whereas most of the `` stimulus '' legislation to date has been short-term and inward-looking , increased funding for sustainable infrastructure in poor countries would provide a powerful boost to rich-world economies .
Developed countries should agree to channel considerable savings to developing countries to finance the scale-up of sustainable investments .
This can be done directly on a bilateral basis , for example , through long-term loans from developed countries ' export-credit agencies .
Developed countries also fail to recognize that without much greater financing of sustainable infrastructure in the developing world -- especially sustainable power generation and transmission -- a global agreement on climate change later this year -LRB- or any time soon -RRB- will be impossible .
The rich world somehow expects poor countries to restrict their use of fossil fuels without any significant help in financing new and sustainable sources of energy .
In almost all of the rich-country proposals about targets , limits , commitments , and permits for greenhouse gases , there is hardly a word about helping poor countries to finance the transition to sustainable technologies .
Politicians , diplomats , and generals in conflict-ridden countries typically treat these crises as they would any other political or military challenge .
But future water stresses will be widespread , including both rich and poor countries .
Water ministries are typically staffed with engineers and generalist civil servants .
Rather , it will have to be developed proactively , with a sense of urgency and in close partnership with the affected countries and the communities within them .
Each country asks itself , `` How do I do the least and get the other countries to do the most ? , '' when they should be asking instead , `` How do we cooperate to achieve our shared goals at minimum cost and maximum benefit ? ''
The negotiations are mainly about which groups of countries should cut their emissions , by how much , how fast , and relative to which baseline year .
Countries are being pressed to cut emissions by 2020 by certain percentage targets , without much serious discussion about how the cuts can be achieved .
The rich world should also provide the poorest countries with grants and low-interest loans to buy sustainable energy technologies , such as solar and geothermal power .
Since addressing climate change is first and foremost directed at reduced emissions from coal -- the most carbon-intensive of all fuels -- America 's coal states are especially fearful about the economic implications of any controls -LRB- though the oil and automobile industries are not far behind -RRB- .
With developing countries displaying their readiness to reach a global deal , could the US Senate really prove to be the world 's last great holdout ?
This year , the budget deficit stands at a peacetime record of around 10 % of GNP , much higher than in other high-income countries .
The world 's emergency-response systems -- especially for impoverished countries in zones that are vulnerable to earthquakes , volcanoes , droughts , hurricanes , and floods -- needs upgrading .
Other countries have risen from the rubble of natural disaster and war , and Haiti can do the same over the next five to ten years .
Among G-8 countries , only the UK is making a bold effort to increase its overall aid budget and direct a significant portion to Africa .
Even before the crisis , the G-8 countries were not taking serious steps to meet their pledges to Africa .
This year , despite a massive budget crisis , the UK government has heroically honored its aid commitments , showing that other countries could have done so if they had tried .
This is essentially the same amount that the G-8 leaders pledged to give each year to the world 's poorest countries to support maternal and child health .
The G-20 , which includes developing countries as well as rich countries , should take over .
South Korea understands the utter seriousness of the global development agenda , and the poorest countries ' needs .
Yet , while it is clear that Obama would like to move forward on the issue , so far he has pursued a failed strategy of negotiating with senators and key industries to try to forge an agreement .
For the world 's poorest countries , such questions are not the most pressing .
But , for more and more countries , Thinley 's reflection on the ultimate sources of well-being is not only timely , but urgent .
Whereas 2009 was a tough year for the entire global economy , emerging markets bounced back strongly in 2010 , while rich countries did not .
During 2010 , high-income countries are expected to achieve modest annual GDP growth of around 2.7 % , while the G-20 's emerging economies , together with the rest of the developing world , are expected to grow at a robust 7.1 % rate .
This two-speed global economy largely reflects the fact that the 2008 financial crisis began with over-borrowing by the rich countries themselves .
The result of the deliberations is a new framework for the G-20 's engagement with the rest of the developing countries , known as the Seoul Development Consensus for Shared Growth .
The G-20 rightly decided to focus on those areas of the global development agenda where the major economies have a comparative advantage : financing of infrastructure such as roads and power ; business development ; and support for agricultural upgrading in the poorer countries .
The new G-20 development agenda offers an excellent way to merge concerns about global imbalances with the need to accelerate the pace of development in the poorer countries .
But there is a better way to put these surplus countries ' high saving rates to use .
Rather than pushing their households to consume more , the G-20 should work harder to channel these savings to the poorest countries in order to finance urgently needed investments in infrastructure .
He recommended that G-20 surpluses be recycled to those countries , and to other poor countries , to finance such investments . `` In other words , '' said Singh , `` we should leverage imbalances of one kind to redress imbalances of the other kind . ''
By channeling the savings of China , Germany , Japan , and other surplus countries into infrastructure investments in the poor countries , the world 's economies truly would be working in harmony .
As in many countries , conflicts over public morality and national strategy come down to questions of money .
That is true for any country , but it is especially relevant for rich countries .
The US and Europe are in direct competition with Brazil , China , India , and other emerging economies , where wage levels are sometimes one-quarter those in high-income countries -LRB- if not even lower -RRB- .
As a result , America 's total tax revenues as a share of national income are among the lowest of all high-income countries , roughly 30 % , compared to around 40 % in Europe . But 30 % of GDP is not enough to cover the needs of health , education , science and technology , social security , infrastructure , and other vital government responsibilities .
Africa , long the world 's slowest-growing region , is now averaging roughly 5 % annual GDP growth . Overall , the developing countries are growing at around 7 % per year , and the developed economies at around 2 % , yielding a global average of around 4.5 % .
Rapid economic growth in developing countries is helping to alleviate poverty .
Oil prices have surged to more than $ 100 per barrel , as China , India , and other oil-importing countries join the United States in a massive scramble to buy up supplies , especially from the Middle East .
Everywhere in the leading countries -- the US , the United Kingdom , China , India , and elsewhere -- the rich have enjoyed soaring incomes and growing political power .
The alternative is a path of political and social cooperation , both within countries and internationally .
Egypt , like dozens of countries around the world , is facing the extreme -- and largely unmet -- challenge of ensuring productive and gainful employment for its young people .
Young people in countries as diverse as Egypt and the US are in effect competing with young Chinese and Indians for jobs .
As a result , low-skilled workers in Egypt , the US , and other countries must either raise their productivity enough to compete at a decent wage , or accept extremely low pay or outright unemployment .
In these countries , public education is excellent , and the transition from school to work often involves programs like the apprenticeships for which Germany is especially famous .
In developing countries , the main advances are found in countries that emphasize excellence in education , public investment in infrastructure , and serious on-the-job training .
The countries of North Africa and the Middle East should learn from East Asia and Northern Europe , and take pains to avoid the failures of the US .
Middle Eastern countries should elaborate strategies to improve the quality and increase the length of schooling , invest in job training , establish private-sector apprenticeships , and develop small and medium-sized businesses . They should identify key infrastructure projects needed to ensure private-sector productivity .
NEW YORK -- In almost every part of the world , long-festering problems can be solved through closer cooperation among neighboring countries .
Countries had little incentive to make peace with their neighbors as long as they enjoyed the financial support of the US or the USSR .
On almost any issue , the Secretary-General is likely to find himself between contending groups of countries .
These five powerful countries owe their UN pre-eminence to the post-World War II settlement , when they were allies in victory .
During a recent trip with Ban to Egypt and Tunisia , I watched in awe as he deftly backed the democratic changes underway in those two countries while simultaneously dealing with many other upheavals in the region .
When Ban travels to Africa 's impoverished regions , he mingles with villagers and recounts his own upbringing amid the poverty and deprivation of Korea in the 1950 's -- and how , by committing itself to hard work , education , modern science , and shared values , South Korea became one of the world 's richest and most successful countries .
The US is far too focused on expensive and failed military approaches in the drylands -- whether in Afghanistan , Pakistan , Yemen , or Somalia -- to pay heed to long-term economic development strategies aimed at addressing the root causes of these countries ' ongoing crises .
The countries of the Horn of Africa are now stepping forward to help themselves through this approach .
Six countries in the region with large dryland zones -- Ethiopia , Somalia , Kenya , Uganda , Djibouti , and South Sudan -- have joined together in a Drylands Initiative to use best practices and cutting-edge technologies to support their pastoralist communities ' effort to escape the scourges of extreme poverty and famine .
Several countries in the Arabian Peninsula , just across the Red Sea from the Horn , are also showing an encouraging readiness to deploy their oil earnings for emergency relief and long-term development .
We assembled in the wake of a declaration in July by the United Nations General Assembly calling on countries to examine how national policies can promote happiness in their societies .
The rest of the world will eventually follow unless countries restrict dangerous corporate practices , including advertising unhealthy and addictive foods to young children .
Most countries invest to measure GNP , but spend little to identify the sources of poor health -LRB- like fast foods and excessive TV watching -RRB- , declining social trust , and environmental degradation .
In high-income countries , notably the US , Europe , and Japan , the biggest losers are workers who lack the education to compete effectively with low-paid workers in developing countries .
Hardest hit are workers in rich countries who lack a college education .
They pay for the expensive campaigns of presidents and congressmen , so presidents and congressmen help the rich -- often at the expense of the rest of society . The same syndrome -- in which the rich have gained control of the political system -LRB- or strengthened their control of it -RRB- -- now afflicts many other countries .
By using high taxes to finance a high level of government services , these countries have balanced high prosperity with social justice and environmental sustainability .
That level of penetration took decades longer to achieve elsewhere , and the poorest countries are still not there .
Other countries log far fewer viewing hours .
The patent-protected prices of these drugs often puts them out of reach of poor people in the poorest countries .
Thus , while many AIDS patients in rich countries are kept alive by these drugs , millions of people in poor countries are dying before they should , leaving behind misery , millions of orphans , and economic devastation .
One way is to set drug prices at different levels in rich and poor countries .
In rich countries , patent protection should continue so that the pharmaceutical industry keeps innovating .
Yet poor countries -- or donors acting on behalf of the poor -- can not pay the same prices paid by rich countries .
Poor countries are , indeed , so poor that they can not afford the drugs even at the production cost of around $ 350 per patient , per year , because even these reduced prices amount to a year 's average income .
- drug companies -- whether patent holders or generic drug producers -- must provide drugs to poor countries at prices near to production costs ;
- drug prices in rich countries must remain higher through patent protection to preserve incentives for innovation ;
- rich and poor markets must be separated , so that cheap drugs from poor countries are not smuggled into rich countries -LRB- or are not allowed in legally through parallel-market imports -RRB- ;
- governments in rich countries must provide substantial assistance to poor countries , so that the poor -- who are too poor to afford these drugs even at reduced prices -- can make use of them .
Indeed , rich countries should create a `` Global Health Fund '' to help less fortunate countries buy drugs and medical services to fight killer diseases like AIDS , tuberculosis , and malaria .
This fund would be aimed not only at poor countries , but at some middle income countries like South Africa where diseases like AIDS are so rampant that the volume of drugs needed to combat disease can not be purchased even at reduced prices .
If politicians cave in here -- say , by eliminating patent protection , imposing price controls , or allowing re-import of drugs from poor countries -- innovation for new drugs will stall .
Still , rich country drug purchasers , however , should not fear the worst : there is no reason to believe that the drug prices they pay would rise just because drug companies agree to lower prices in poor countries .
The past ten years saw industries and social security privatized and international trade liberalized . A chronic budget deficit was brought under control , infrastructure upgraded , and the banking sector strengthened .
Some developing countries - Israel , Korea , and Taiwan - also invest heavily in higher education and scientific research . Sadly , Argentina did not .
Indeed , Argentina has had its share of economic success , with an income level , adjusted for purchasing power , around one-third of that of the US , and is far ahead of most countries in the world .
In the past countries could achieve high living standards by exploiting natural resources .
Countries need strategies to foster education and innovation just as they need strategies to preserve macroeconomic stability and a healthy business environment .
The next stage of reforms in Argentina , and in countries in similar positions , should focus on fostering society 's educational , scientific , and technological capacities .
In coordination with other countries aggressive actions should break down terrorist networks -- disrupting their finances , freedom of travel and shipments of weapons .
It is time for the rich countries to respect the wishes of the poor in getting such a trade round off the ground .
It has not provided enough leadership and financing in fighting AIDS in poor countries ; dragged its feet on canceling unpayable debts of the world 's poorest countries -LRB- not because of the financial costs , which are negligible as they could not be repaid anyway , but because US politicians have not taken the plight of the poor seriously -RRB- ; and slashed foreign assistance as a share of national income to where it is lower than any rich country .
In the poorest countries , annual health spending is around $ 11 per person per year , while at least $ 33 per person per year is needed to provide minimal health services .
Rich countries must provide roughly $ 20 per person to close the gap . Instead they provide just $ 2 per person and nevertheless believe that they are meeting the needs of the poor .
When millions of people die as a result of the lack of financial help , the US and other rich countries act as if this outcome is a `` natural '' occurrence , rather than the result of political neglect .
Unfortunately , rich countries contribute around one-fourth of what is needed , that is , $ 6 billion rather than $ 25 billion .
When aid is measured as a share of GNP , the US places last among all rich countries . Many European countries contribute ten times more on a relative basis .
Rich countries seem only to intervene when it is too late , rather than working seriously to head off crises and collapse in the first place .
World leaders should therefore send a resounding message to the US and to other rich countries .
With better policies all countries in the world could simultaneously achieve higher growth .
Even so , it does make sense to rank countries regarding their capacity to achieve growth .
Countries compete for internationally mobile capital .
This is clear when countries compete for an individual investment project .
When Intel plans a new semiconductor plant , it invites bids from various countries .
Technology refers to the ability of the country to spur new inventions and to adopt technologies invented in other countries .
Some countries , like the US , Japan , Korea , Israel , and Sweden , invest heavily in research and development , and so achieve high rates of innovation .
Other countries , like Argentina and Brazil , invest less in research and development , and therefore achieve little in the way of new products and processes .
Countries with well-functioning public institutions achieve higher rates of economic growth than do countries plagued by corruption and rotten judges .
Corruption is deemed nearly non-existent in these countries .
Singapore , Ireland , and Switzerland are the three top-ranked countries in macroeconomic stability .
In our competitiveness studies , we noticed that the world economy can be divided into two categories of countries : the innovators and the non-innovators .
Only about 20 countries in the world are active creators of new inventions .
For these countries , which tend to be among the world 's richest , continued competitiveness requires an excellent system of technological innovation .
For `` non-innovators , '' technology remains important , but in these countries most new technologies are imported from abroad rather than invented at home .
Some of these countries are good at importing new technologies , and others are not .
So it made sense for countries to compete vigorously for such foreign investors : they offer not only capital , but also new technologies .
Thus , it is ironic that many of this year 's leaders in competitiveness , such as the U S and Singapore , are in recession , while countries further down the list , like China -LRB- 39th -RRB- , will escape the global recession .
First , more than 100 countries assembled in Marrakech , Morocco , to complete a unique UN agreement to limit global climate change .
These countries agreed to reduce their emissions of greenhouse gases in order to slow the process of global warming .
China has now rejoined the world community as a cooperative , stable , and powerful sovereign nation , which will be one of the leading trading countries in the years ahead .
Poor countries won concessions on access to essential medicines ; and they pressed for , and received , promises that rich countries would address protectionist policies in several areas .
The growing role of the UN in this process puts the seal of international law and diplomacy over the global struggle against terrorism , and helps to reassure many countries that this is a true international effort , not just the US acting alone .
It offers countries the gains from increased international trade , faster diffusion of technologies to mutual benefit , and hopes for less cross-country violence and conflict .
UN agencies will have a critical role to play in future years in helping Africa 's impoverished countries -LRB- and those elsewhere -RRB- to derive larger benefits from globalization .
The Islamic world , which stretches over 15,000 kilometers , dozens of countries , and more than 1 billion followers of the faith , is similarly subject to widespread cultural variation .
Some of these countries have been among the world 's fastest growing economies in recent decades .
As in other parts of the world , culture in these countries has shown its vibrancy and also its capacity to adjust to changing conditions .
Our Commission grappled with the challenge of burgeoning epidemic diseases that are ravaging the poorest countries of the world , especially in Sub-Saharan Africa .
First , the disease burden in the poorest countries constitutes a fundamental barrier to their economic advance .
Third , using existing technologies , it would be possible to save 8 million lives per year by the end of the decade , but only if rich countries help poor countries to obtain these technologies .
Specifically , the Commission calls for rich countries to put aside one tenth of one percent of their gross national product - or just one penny out of every ten dollars of income - on behalf of health services for the world 's poor .
Since the combined income of rich countries is around $ 25 trillion per year , this would mobilize $ 25 billion per year which , when combined with the poor countries ' own increased contributions , would dramatically improve the health conditions of the world 's low-income countries .
This modest contribution would save 21,000 lives daily in the poor countries .
Improved health conditions would help the poor countries to escape from the poverty trap in which they have been stuck for the past decade : poor health has led to poverty and economic stagnation , which in turn has led to poor health .
If the program is adopted , countries with high fertility rates and rapid population growth will move towards lower fertility rates and slower population growth as households gain confidence that their children will survive to adulthood .
Smallpox was eradicated even in the most remote impoverished countries ; polio is well is on its way to eradication .
The paradox of the global economy is that rich countries are now so rich and poor countries so poor that even small contributions from the rich can perform wonders .
If the world - especially the US and other rich countries - shift a small amount of their military spending to meeting the needs of the world 's poorest people , our generation could free humanity from poverty 's iron grip .
The world 's richest countries have continued their economic ascent for generations , carried forward by the flowering of science and technology .
Even though poor countries seem to be falling ever farther behind , the truth is more heartening .
In many of these countries , the past twenty years have marked a time of regress , not progress .
Yet with the richest countries richer than ever before , and with much of the developing world already escaped from the horrors of extreme poverty , the balance has shifted in favor of ending global poverty .
Rich countries could enable the poorest of the poor to escape from misery by providing just a tiny fraction of their yearly national income - or , indeed , of their military spending - to overcome the crises of hunger , education , and disease .
Importantly , rich countries are committed to working with the poorest countries to meet these objectives .
But as with many promises , America and other donor countries have so far failed to live up to their pledges .
For example , rich and poor countries together have committed to reducing infant mortality rates by two-thirds as of 2015 , compared with the levels in countries as of 1990 .
Sadly , for dozens of countries around the world , that target is not being met , because too little money is invested in health .
Many studies , including those that I did for the World Health Organization , show that for a modest amount of money worldwide , perhaps an extra $ 50 - $ 100 billion per year in aid from rich countries , the Millennium Development Goals can be achieved .
That may seem like a lot of money , but not in comparison with the $ 25 trillion in income each year earned by rich countries , or the roughly $ 500 billion spent each year on their militaries .
Much of the world looks at the US and other rich countries with resentment , feeling that they do n't keep their commitments to help less fortunate countries .
In Monterrey , rich countries can show the rest of humanity , especially the poorest of the poor , that they 've gotten the message .
International agencies such as the World Bank and the IMF would automatically stop making loans to countries where the head of government exceeds that limit .
Many countries already have such limits .
In other countries , there is a single presidential term , usually of 5 to 8 years .
This IMF approach was abandoned in rich countries about seventy years ago during the Great Depression .
The new Global Fund to Fight AIDS , TB , and Malaria was started this year , but rich countries contributed less than one-tenth of the money it needs .
In its first months of operation the Fund committed all of the money that it received from rich countries .
Few rich countries do better than the US .
In coming months , rich countries will face three opportunities to mend their ways .
With nearly 900 million chronically hungry people around the globe , the Summit presents an opportunity to reverse the collapse of financial assistance for food production to poor countries .
Later in June , rich countries will hold their annual G-7 Summit .
Rich countries will once again have a chance to be true partners of the poor .
My optimism may seem misplaced in a period when the stock market falls nearly every day , and when other countries have historically seen stock market collapses incite economic collapses as well .
Indonesia and Ecuador , among other countries , succumbed to financial crises in 1997-98 that were linked -LRB- in part -RRB- to agricultural crises caused by the severe El Nino .
Man-made global warming , caused mainly by fossil-fuel burning in rich countries , may well be a factor in the frequency and severity of major droughts , floods , and tropical storms .
Most countries would feel only negative effects - disruptions of trade , higher oil prices , withdrawals of international capital , cutbacks on investment plans - without any offsetting direct stimulus .
Open and deep political divisions between America and other major countries will incite a loss of investor confidence , undermining global economic stability .
The US Government pretends that most problems in poor countries are of their own making .
Consider Africa 's best governed countries - Ghana , Tanzania , Malawi , Gambia .
Each experienced falling living standards over the past two decades while many countries in Asia that rank lower on international comparisons of governance - Pakistan , Bangladesh , Myanmar and Sri Lanka - experienced better economic growth .
Countries with large populations , and hence large internal markets , tend to grow more rapidly than countries with small populations .
Coastal countries tend to outperform landlocked countries .
Countries with high levels of malaria tend to endure slower growth than countries with lower levels of malaria .
Developing countries that neighbor rich markets , such as Mexico , tend to outperform countries far away from major markets .
If rich countries do n't pay heed to such structural issues , we will find that the gaps between the world 's winners and losers will continue to widen .
If rich countries blame unlucky countries - claiming that they are somehow culturally or politically unfit to benefit from globalization - we will create not only deeper pockets of poverty but also deepening unrest .
So it 's time for a more serious approach to globalization than rich countries , especially America , offer .
In some cases their suffering can be alleviated mainly through better governance within their countries .
An honest appraisal would further show that the poorest countries are unable to raise sufficient funds to solve such problems on their own .
Rather than rich countries giving more lectures about poor governance , real solutions will require that rich countries give sufficient financial assistance to overcome the deeper barriers .
That 's a tiny amount of money for rich countries , which routinely spend over $ 2000 per person per year for health , but it is a sum out of reach for poor countries like Malawi , with annual incomes of $ 200 per person .
Rich countries must help finance these projects .
The `` prize '' of European membership has helped to forge political consensus within candidate countries , and the same would happen with Turkey .
Turkey itself could serve as a stronger bridge to the unstable Turkic societies of Central Asia , from Azerbaijan to Kyrgyzstan , countries now at risk of destabilization from the war on terrorism and struggles over oil and other natural resources .
But the anti-Iraq War protests reveal a new dynamic . Up to 10 million protestors in some 60 countries and 600 cities took to the streets on schedule on a single day , February 15 , showing that mass politics can now be approached globally .
Still , South Africa was hurt badly by sanctions , and the same has been true for many other countries .
Many countries under sanction , such as Myanmar , become sources of global illegal trafficking in drugs , arms , money laundering , and forced labor .
Leaders can thus be made prisoners in their own countries .
Moreover , foreign aid can be shifted away from government towards non-governmental organizations , strengthening the civil societies in such countries .
Of course , countries that embrace the use of sanctions do not intend this , but that does not lessen their responsibility for the outcome .
The US is seen by many Iraqis as a colonial occupier , and is therefore the target of attack not only by loyalists of Saddam Hussein , but by Iraqi nationalists of various sorts , as well as by Arab fighters from neighboring countries .
Worse , the US is encouraging other donor countries to misspend as well .
Other countries wo n't pay for America 's occupation of Iraq .
Just as US presidents treat the Middle East as America 's gasoline station , they treat the Andean countries not as home to 130 million poor and struggling people , but , first and foremost , as suppliers of cocaine .
For example , at the International Conference on Financing for Development , in Monterrey , Mexico in March 2002 , America signed the Monterrey Consensus , which includes a promise by rich countries to raise their development assistance towards 0.7 % of national income .
America also promised -- in the Doha Declaration in 2001 -- to open its markets to the world 's poorest countries .
The US represents just 5 % of the world 's population , and just one vote of 191 countries in the UN General Assembly .
Poor countries , especially the democracies of the developing world -- Brazil , South Africa , India , Mexico , Ghana , the Philippines -- should say , `` We need to act on the issues that concern us , not just on the issues that concern the US . ''
Brazil 's economic turnaround may have powerfully positive effects on its neighbors , especially the struggling countries of the Andean region .
Meanwhile , global demand for energy will soar as the economies of China , India , Brazil , and other countries grow .
On the contrary , in the early part of the twentieth century , Germany was one of the world 's richest countries , with enviably high education levels and scientific prowess .
I am not saying that the US is more depraved than other countries . What I am saying is that human society , even in the twenty-first century , is capable of sliding into barbaric thinking and action , no matter the level of `` development . ''
In short , the budget is a model for all developing countries .
The lesson for other developing countries is that spending on the poor for health , education , safe drinking water , electricity , and the like , is not simply pandering ; it is a serious and productive investment .
India will need some help , at least temporarily , from richer countries and international institutions like the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank .
In other words , it is time for donors to step up to help reform-minded yet poor countries like India , and , even more urgently , those in Africa that are similarly committed to economic development .
Peace among the major European countries had reigned more or less continuously for decades .
In addition to isolation , other problems include droughts in Africa , where farmers depend on rainfall rather than irrigation , and high disease burdens in tropical countries suffering from malaria , dengue fever , and other killer diseases .
Instead of hearing more lectures from the IMF about cutting budgets , poor countries need larger budgets to pay for the required investments - roads , power supplies , ports , schools , and health clinics - to jump-start economic growth .
The IMF should spend less time telling the poorest of the poor to cut their spending , and more time telling rich countries to give more money to help the poor meet their investment needs .
Rich countries have promised more help for years , but continue to renege .
Thirty-five years ago , they promised to give 0.7 % of their GNP to poor countries as development aid .
None of this makes sense for global security , or even for the financial interests of donor countries .
If donors keep giving only a little bit of help , but not enough to solve the problems of the poorest countries , these countries will never escape poverty 's grip .
By financing a much higher level of investment in the next few years , rich countries would give poor countries the chance to achieve economic growth - promising an eventual end to further aid .
The idea of the IFF is to guarantee that donor countries double their aid levels during the next decade , so that well-governed poor countries can make the investments they need to achieve the Millennium Development Goals .
French President Jacques Chirac has joined Blair and Brown in a bold call for rich countries to honor their promises to the poor .
The richest countries - the US , Germany , and Japan - must join this vital initiative . Building a more peaceful and prosperous world is in everyone 's best interest .
Yet they require global partnership between the rich and poor countries of the world .
Most importantly , the world 's richest countries need to do much more to help the poorest countries make use of modern science and technology to solve these great problems .
The US , for example , currently spends around $ 450 billion each year on its military , but less than $ 15 billion to help the world 's poorest countries fight disease , educate their children , and protect the environment .
Germany , Japan , and several other rich countries are also doing much less than they should - and much less than they promised the poor countries that they would do .
In 2002 , all donor countries committed to `` make concrete efforts '' to reach 0.7 % of national income in development aid to poor countries .
Then , in July , the UK will host the annual G-8 Summit of the rich countries .
The world 's poorest countries will ask themselves why they should vote for Germany and Japan to have permanent seats on the Security Council if they ca n't keep their promises .
Nothing would be wiser for the world 's rich countries than to fulfill their pledges to the world 's poor , hungry and disease-ridden peoples .
The key to meeting the Millennium Development Goals in poor countries is an increase in investment in people -LRB- health , education , nutrition , and family planning -RRB- , the environment -LRB- water and sanitation , soils , forests , and biodiversity -RRB- , and infrastructure -LRB- roads , power , and ports -RRB- .
Poor countries can not afford these investments on their own , so rich countries must help .
If more financial aid is combined with good governance in poor countries , then the Millennium Development Goals can be achieved on time .
Rich countries and poor countries need to join forces to cut poverty , disease , and hunger .
With around one billion people living in high-income countries , it would thus cost just $ 2 to $ 3 per person per year in the developed world to fund an effort that could save more than one million children annually .
Thus , paradoxically , saving children 's lives is part of the solution to rapid population growth in poor countries .
Rich countries have long promised to increase their aid levels to 0.7 % of national income -LRB- from around only 0.25 % today -RRB- .
The promise of 0.7 % means that the rich world would give developing countries a mere 70 cents out of each $ 100 of national income .
In recent weeks , many European countries have pledged to honor the 0.7 % commitment , and five European countries -LRB- Denmark , Luxembourg , the Netherlands , Norway , and Sweden -RRB- already do so .
Of course , not all developing countries are sufficiently well governed to use an increase in aid in an honest , effective way .
The world should therefore start this bold effort by focusing on the poor countries that are relatively well governed and that are prepared to carry out needed investments in an efficient and fair manner .
It is urgent that we get started in these and similarly well governed poor countries this year .
Poor countries can not afford these technologies on their own .
Help for poor countries in Africa and elsewhere to adapt to climate change should not be described as charity or aid , but rather as compensation for damages being imposed on the poorest people on the planet .
Greater help for these countries to escape from extreme poverty has been promised for decades but has not been delivered .
Rich countries need to lead the way .
It is ironic that the United States , which portrays itself as a friend of democracy and impoverished countries , gives the smallest share of its GNP in aid among the rich countries , and also refuses to participate in global efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
This is especially ironic because African countries like Ethiopia stand steadfastly and bravely with the US in the fight for freedom and against terrorism , even as they struggle with hunger , disease , and famine .
Moreover , countries like Ethiopia are making valiant , indeed remarkable , efforts to overcome their problems , despite the lack of adequate , and long-promised , help from the world 's richest countries .
Africans suffering from hunger and drought , and indeed poor people everywhere , have a right to ask much more of the US and other rich countries .
In my new book The End of Poverty , I show how extreme poverty can be ended by 2025 , but only if the rich world follows through on its promise to help the poorest countries .
Yet the poorest countries , even well governed ones , lack the resources to finance these investments .
The most famous single promise by the rich countries has been to provide aid to the poorest countries equal to at least 0.7 % of their GNP .
The commitment began 44 years ago , in 1961 , when the United Nations General Assembly adopted the objective that foreign assistance should increase significantly , `` so as to reach as soon as possible approximately 1 % of the combined national incomes of the economically advanced countries . ''
The personal presence of Bush is notable , because the rich countries once again adopted the target of 0.7 % of GNP , with the US being a signatory .
Yet the US and other countries did sign the Monterrey Consensus urging `` developed countries that have not done so to make concrete efforts towards the target of 0.7 % of Gross National Product as official development assistance . ''
So the US spends around thirty times more on the military than it does on peaceful development aid for the poorest countries .
From a global point of view , there are currently five countries that have reached 0.7 % of GNP in aid : Denmark , Luxembourg , the Netherlands , Norway , and Sweden .
Six more countries , all in Europe , have recently set a timetable to reach 0.7 % of GNP by the year 2015 . They are Belgium , Finland , France , Ireland , Spain , and the United Kingdom .
UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan , in his report in advance of the UN summit of world leaders in September 2005 , has called on all donor countries to reach at least 0.5 % of GNP in aid by 2009 , and 0.7 % by 2015 .
He also noted that countries like Germany and Japan that aspire to permanent UN Security Council membership have a particular responsibility of global stewardship in reaching the target .
I believe that few wealthy people would refuse to contribute a small portion of their huge wealth for the chance to save the lives of millions of people each year and help the poorest countries get the first foot on the ladder of economic development .
Instead of worrying that 70 cents per $ 100 is giving till it hurts , our slogan in the rich countries should be `` Giving Till it Heals . ''
After all , why should the central banks of China , Japan , South Korea , and other Asian countries accumulate vast holdings of US Treasury bills if the dollar is likely to lose value in the years ahead ?
But US politicians are blaming China and other countries for `` unfair trade , '' even threatening them with sanctions .
And yet few countries have a more paradoxical relationship than the US and Iran .
If the Green Movement is to mount a serious challenge to the government it must incorporate support from bazaar merchants , workers in major industries , transportation unions , and government workers .
Based on evidence from a cross-section of countries , natural resources such as oil and minerals do seem to be a `` curse '' rather than a blessing , as they impose a heavy drag on long-run economic growth .
Both countries also possess a fairly educated middle class and intelligentsia alongside more traditional elites .
Both Iran and the Arab countries are struggling to come to terms with the consequences of Iran 's newfound assertiveness .
If Iran and the Arab countries -- and alongside them the US and the international community -- do not manage today 's tensions wisely , the region could enter a period of protracted warfare .
Enrollment ratios in the Arab world have improved over the past decade , but Arab countries still have one of the lowest average net enrollment ratios in the developing world .
The average years of schooling for Arabs is less than half that for the East Asian countries .
Not surprisingly , despite progress in recent decades , illiteracy remains at around 30 % on average , and in some Arab countries reaches 50 % and 60 % .
In the end game of such a war , Syria might be asked by the Arab countries and the international community to take greater responsibility in Lebanon , in order to contain Hezbollah and its military profile .
Until recently , most East Asian countries pursued non-discriminatory trade policies through unilateral liberalisation , the Asian\/Pacific Economic Community , and the World Trade Organisation -LRB- WTO -RRB- .
East Asian countries have relatively liberal trade policies and are reasonably well integrated into the global economy .
China narrowed the trade policy gap with other developing countries , bringing average tariffs down to Southeast Asian and Latin American levels -LRB- about 10 % -RRB- and establishing comparable openness to foreign direct investment -LRB- FDI -RRB- .
The Association of Southeast Asian Nations -LRB- ASEAN -RRB- is talking to several third countries .
In such a world , poor and weak countries would be losers .
Of the twenty or so active developing and newly developed countries in the WTO , almost half come from the region .
Even Nobel laureate Joseph Stiglitz has questioned whether these countries ' debt payment measures represent an exaggerated concession to neo-liberal orthodoxy .
Almost all countries undergoing a shift from a pre-industrial equilibrium based on patronage to one based on modern institutions and the rule of law have faced such crises of legitimacy .
Most countries conducted their national population census last year , and the data suggest that fertility rates are plunging in most of them .
Birth rates have been low in developed countries for some time , but now they are falling rapidly in the majority of developing countries .
In the long run , a population is said to be stable if the TFR is at the replacement rate , which is a little above 2.3 for the world as a whole , and somewhat lower , at 2.1 , for developed countries , reflecting their lower infant-mortality rates .
The TFR for most developed countries now stands well below replacement levels .
The OECD average is at around 1.74 , but some countries , including Germany and Japan , produce less than 1.4 children per woman .
However , the biggest TFR declines in recent years have been in developing countries .
The deviation is usually attributed to a cultural preference for boys , which will take an additional toll on both populations , as the future scarcity of women implies that both countries ' effective reproductive capacity is below what is suggested by the unadjusted TFR .
The United States is one of a handful of advanced countries with a growing workforce , owing to its relative openness to immigration .
But this may change as the source countries become richer and undergo rapid declines in birth rates .
Thus , many developed countries will have to consider how to keep people working productively well into their seventies .
Securing Europe 's Energy Future Most Europeans agree that reliable , affordable , and sustainable energy is crucial to Europe 's security and prosperity ; that energy can be used as a political weapon , as when Russia shut off gas to Ukraine in January 2006 ; and that Europe is far too dependent on energy supplies from undemocratic and unstable countries or regions .
Specifically , the EU must develop a diplomatic strategy aimed at strengthening cooperation with all major energy producing , transit , and consumer countries , while creating within the Union a mutually beneficial , open , transparent , and stable energy sector based on reciprocity .
Concrete provisions must be included in the new treaty to reform the EU 's institutions in order to ensure the capacity to negotiate an energy security framework with third countries .
As with the Middle Eastern countries , only bitter experience will teach Russia that secure energy supplies are in everyone 's interest .
These two reforms alone would deprive Russia of its ability to play one country off against another , because a concession granted to one national distributor would immediately become available to customers in all the other countries through enforceable supply contracts clauses and transit protocols overseen by the European Commission .
Better integration of Europe 's electricity grid is also essential to energy security , because this will allow individual countries to trade freely with each other when some have surpluses and others face shortfalls .
Such a single voice would not erode individual countries ' sovereign right to determine their energy production mix i.e. balance between conventional , renewables and nuclear , as some Eurosceptics claim ; it is simply common sense between countries determined to defend their common security .
True , more countries must develop efficient systems for posthumous donation , a very important source of organs .
Until countries create legal means of rewarding donors , the fates of Third World donors and the patients who need their organs to survive will remain morbidly entwined .
What better way to mark World Kidney Day than for global health leaders to take a bold step and urge countries to experiment with donor rewards ?
Fair Contracts for Poor Countries
Fair Contracts for Poor Countries A number of countries in Latin America , Africa , Eastern Europe , and elsewhere are abrogating or renegotiating contracts with multinational enterprises -LRB- MNEs -RRB- , and others are likely to follow suit .
While `` fairness '' may well be in the eyes of the beholder , in some cases , the host country may not have had the expertise required to negotiate the best possible deal -- a frequent situation when MNEs negotiate with the least developed countries -LRB- the world 's 50 poorest countries , most of them in sub-Saharan Africa -RRB- .
Mittal 's 2005 deal with Liberia -LRB- renegotiated last year -RRB- and various contracts with Congo probably fall at least partly into this category , as do some deals in ex-Soviet countries .
But poor countries typically lack the funds needed to pay such a team 's fees .
While this would not end the abrogation or renegotiation of contracts , it would eliminate one important reason them , benefiting countries and companies alike .
Overall , countries that had implemented at least one regulatory change that made the investment framework less welcoming in 2006-2007 accounted for some 40 % of world FDI inflows during that period -- an impressive figure that demonstrates that something very dubious is afoot .
This suggests that a reevaluation of the costs and benefits of FDI was already underway , led , interestingly enough , by developed countries , which in the past had championed liberalization of entry and operational conditions for foreign investors and their protection under international law .
In the case of some other developed countries -LRB- for example , Canada , France , Germany -RRB- , national security concerns extend to economic considerations and the protection of `` national champions . ''
In these countries , too , screening mechanisms have been strengthened , and China and Russia , as well as some other emerging markets , are following suit .
The financial crisis and recession may dampen the rise of FDI protectionism , as countries seek capital to shore up local firms and increase investment to help them promote economic recovery .
What would be helpful in this respect is an objective FDI Protectionism Observatory that monitors FDI protectionist measures and names and shames countries that adopt them .
The 20 % revaluation of the renminbi against the US dollar in 2005-2008 undoubtedly facilitated this in the case of recipient countries whose currencies did not also appreciate against the dollar .
These investments were eventually accepted as making a contribution to their host countries .
Similarly , the surge in China 's outward FDI is good for China and for host countries .
Chinese FDI , like all FDI , can provide host countries with a bundle of tangible and intangible assets needed for economic growth and development .
Like their Japanese and South Korean counterparts , however , Chinese firms will have to learn how to operate in highly sophisticated developed-country markets , as well as in developing countries , where their investments in natural resources are expanding rapidly .
In particular , they need to establish a strong reputation as good corporate citizens , in addition to making a positive economic contribution to their host countries .
For their part , recipient countries should accept , rather than shun or discriminate against , China 's `` new kids on the block . ''
But rich countries are also getting older . This `` graying '' of the world 's richest nations will profoundly affect not only these societies , but poorer countries as well .
While the decline in fertility is global , its speed varies across countries .
Rich countries in Europe , North America , and East Asia have a sharply higher share of the elderly than developing countries .
Furthermore , due to improved access to quality health care and better living conditions , life spans in rich countries are now much longer than in the developing world .
By that point , this age group in industrial countries will claim one-third of the total population . It will take another century for the rest of the world to catch up .
One result of all this is that the relative number of working-age individuals between 15-64 who pay the taxes to support pensioners is declining much faster in the industrial world than in developing countries , where populations remain young and grow rapidly .
The effects of population aging will become even more obvious and widespread in the decades ahead , as domestic labor supply in rich countries shrinks even further .
In a globalized world , what happens in rich countries has an impact on developing economies . Yet , there is little discussion of the opportunities and challenges this presents .
Nowadays , most talk focuses on migration as a means of letting overpopulated developing countries fill the labor shortages of developed countries with graying populations .
Will developed countries really allow for migration on such a scale ?
Or will they instead increase their imports of manufactured products and food , thus creating jobs in developing countries that might help absorb their surplus labor ?
Even if rich countries choose increased imports , the growing volume of trade will merely expand an existing channel for routing the effects of an aging population onto developing countries .
Trade serves as such a channel because nations with aging populations are economically powerful and so are capable of setting the terms on which they trade with poorer countries .
Developing countries that trade intensively with advanced economies must adopt their relative prices and allocate their resources accordingly .
These rates will increasingly be influenced by the changing age composition within advanced countries .
Because the old save less , lower aggregate savings in rich countries will crimp the relative abundance of capital available to poorer economies .
The powerful combination of globalization and aging will make developing economies ever more susceptible to changes in the terms of trade , interest rates , and exchange rates in rich countries .
All developing countries should monitor these demographic developments closely , even if they have yet to experience population aging themselves .
Liberia joins 22 other sub-Saharan countries that have received comprehensive debt relief over the past decade .
It is also one of a handful of countries that have achieved significant results in recovering from the deep damage of prolonged conflict by rebuilding government and establishing the rule of law .
First , the scale of the debt burden built up over close to 20 years of conflict was monumental , amounting to more than $ 4 billion -- three to four times the level of indebtedness relative to income of the most severely indebted European countries currently facing difficulties .
Second , exceptional efforts were needed , involving more than 100 countries , to mobilize the funds to cover repayment to the IMF of over $ 800 million of this debt .
At the other end , conservatism in many European countries has historically veered too close for comfort to right-wing extremism . In Germany today , conservatism was forged in the wake of the Weimar Republic 's failures , experiences unknown to Anglo-Saxon conservatives .
Fifth , NATO enlargement and partnership . Although the Istanbul summit was the first to include NATO 's seven new member countries-Bulgaria , Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania , Romania , Slovakia , and Slovenia-we gave a strong signal that the door remains open , and encouraged those who want to join to continue pursuing the reforms needed to make themselves ready for membership .
We also launched a new phase in our relations with partner countries : opportunities for more individualized cooperation , a greater emphasis on defense reform , and a stronger focus on the Caucasus and Central Asia .
Furthermore , we welcomed the interest shown by Russia and Ukraine in contributing to `` Active Endeavor , '' our anti-terrorist naval operation in the Mediterranean , as another sign of the growing strategic value of our partnership with these countries .
We agreed to strengthen our Mediterranean Dialogue with seven countries in North Africa and the Middle East and to transform it into a genuine partnership .
We also launched the `` Istanbul Cooperation Initiative , '' to offer practical security-related cooperation to countries in the broader Middle East .
Already , the Alliance is developing a deeper political dialogue and more practical cooperation with the countries of North Africa , Israel and Jordan , and opening up a discussion with the Gulf States .
In this sense , China , like many countries , could be said to have something of a bi-polar personality .
Although the US and China are the world 's two primary producers of greenhouse gases -- the US being the largest -- neither has signed the Kyoto Protocol , which commits countries to cut carbon emissions 5 % below 1990 levels by 2008-12 .
If the US and China were to team up to address the challenge of climate change , the results might not only be a more congenial climate and a better Sino-US relationship , but also new and vibrant economic sectors in both countries .
As a result , `` there can be no genuinely honest and friendly dialogue with those countries that suffered considerable damage and casualties in the wars with Japan . ''
In the past , China shied away from most multilateral problem solving , fearing that it might set a precedent for other countries to intervene in internal Chinese affairs .
After all , if China helps to resolve the stand-off between Pyongyang and Washington , Seoul , and Tokyo , what is to prevent these same countries from proposing initiatives to resolve the Taiwan Straits problem , the question of Tibetan autonomy , or the challenge of insurgent Muslims in Xinjiang ?
One reason is that revenue growth usually goes hand-in-hand with macroeconomic growth , which increasingly is found in emerging-market countries , rather than in many banks ' mature Western home markets .
In that case , banking will become more like other industries that have benefited themselves and their customers by evolving into truly global networks .
Nonetheless Ban is sometimes criticized for not doing more , not listening enough , or deferring too much to the Big Five countries on the Security Council .
Because all 27 states must ratify the Treaty , it therefore seems obvious that it can not enter into force in its current form , and that the `` yes '' countries can not push ahead with it unchanged .
So we must try to reconcile the `` yes '' and `` no '' countries if we are to overcome the crisis into which Europe has been plunged .
At a meeting convened by Spain and Luxembourg in Madrid in January to which all the `` yes '' countries were invited , this view was also supported by four other member states that are committed to the constitutional treaty .
Those countries that have stepped forward as `` friends of the Constitution '' have also been making clear that the initiative they launched in Madrid will support the German Presidency 's efforts .
With the surge in unemployment in the 1970 's , for example , several new categories of beneficiaries were created and subsequently modified to adapt to funding limitations . All European countries then established a minimum income policy to help those whose benefits had run out .
The worst has been mitigated and obscured in the wealthy countries by running up unprecedented levels of debt , but any moderately streetwise person knows that the next generation -- and even the one after that -- will be paying for the excesses of the investment bankers .
Moreover , without a new PCA , individual European countries may feel it necessary to seek even more bilateral agreements with Russia .
The Hong Kong meeting of the Doha Round of trade negotiations has left a palpable sense of frustration in the developing world over the slow pace of agricultural liberalization agreed to by the rich countries .
It had originally been intended that the Doha Round would address investment , but the developing countries chose to downgrade the issue and concentrate on agriculture instead .
Although the least developed countries attract less than 3 % of north-south investments , these flows account for more than 3 % of their GDP , a level higher than the average for developing countries .
Competition among countries to attract investors is intense , and only a few , such as China or India , are able to negotiate on equal terms with the industrialized world .
The developing countries , therefore , have an interest in calling for multilateral dialogue on investment conditions in order to obtain certain collective guarantees .
Indeed , without returning to the illusion of economic planning , these countries need to be able to set conditions for foreign investors that aim to maximize the local impact on employment , technological diffusion , strategic partnerships , and so forth . At the same time , developing countries may need to promote local private sectors and `` infant industries '' through temporary protectionist measures , which would help them to upgrade their output on the road to liberalization .
The emerging countries of Asia similarly depart from the pure liberal model .
Refusal to recognize the legitimacy of such strategies caused the collapse of the Multilateral Agreement on Investment in 1998 , after three years of negotiations between the OECD countries .
Such a prospect would be even less acceptable to developing countries .
It would also need to help poor countries cope with the quasi-generalization of `` social and environmental responsibility '' standards that are increasingly shaping corporate practices and consumer demand .
Of course , imposing the same investment conditions in all countries could take away the incentive to invest in the least attractive of them .
But an agreement could be reached to establish categories of countries , the most important aim being to prevent dumping between countries that are at the same stage of development .
No multilateral investment agreement will be able to address all of the institutional problems and market failures that prevent capital from flowing to developing countries .
If this view is correct , an agreement could create new instruments for disseminating information , while signaling poor countries ' commitment to welcoming FDI .
Other analysts point to the increasing returns that accompany greater concentration of investment -- a force that works to the disadvantage of poor countries .
Indeed , whereas agricultural trade issues put rich and poor countries ' national interests on a collision course , promoting investment flows to the developing world could unify all countries around a shared objective .
To remain relevant , the Bretton Woods institutions must fully adapt to the needs of the world 's rapidly emerging countries , and they can begin that process at this spring 's IMF-World Bank meetings in Washington .
As for the World Bank , it does not need to `` reposition '' itself so much as to root itself in emerging countries , as does the development aid industry in general .
When it comes to global governance , communicable diseases , climate change , or threats to biodiversity , these countries ' importance speaks for itself .
In fact , a genuine commitment to poverty reduction implies working with these countries . They are home to 70 % of the population that lives on less than $ 2 a day , facing massive unemployment , gross inequalities , lack of infrastructure , regional imbalances , and a litany of other challenges .
Some critics argue that lending public money to middle-income countries is no longer necessary , due to their access to financial markets .
True , private capital flows have surged in the wake of global liberalization and these countries ' privatization schemes .
Detractors ultimately fall back on the argument that multilateral lending to middle-income countries is waning along with demand .
After an all-time high due to emergency aid to countries like South Korea or Argentina , lending is back to its trend line of around $ 25 billion a year .
Finally , as David de Ferranti , a former World Bank vice-president , has pointed out , the Bank should expand its intellectual partnerships and engage with the highly trained professionals , consulting firms , and research institutions that emerging countries now boast .
In terms of purchasing power parity , per capita income in middle-income countries is still about 15 % of that of developed nations .
Convergence is on the way , but minimizing its global costs requires redesigning the Bretton Woods institutions to meet the challenges faced by emerging countries .
The planet 's most endangered ecosystems are located in developing countries , and thus depend on some of the world 's neediest communities for their preservation .
The World Bank estimates that natural capital constitutes a quarter of total wealth in low-income countries , compared to 3 % in the highly developed economies .
On the grounds that the environment in developing countries provides unique ecological services to the whole of mankind , some argue that their populations should not exploit the natural resources on their territories .
But this would be ethically wrong , because developed nations have largely destroyed their own primary forests and ecosystems on the path to industrial development , and continue to import large quantities of raw material extracted in developing countries .
It would also be ineffective , because developing countries will -- legitimately -- refuse to assume by themselves the burden of protecting the world 's biodiversity to the detriment of their economic growth .
Development beyond 2015 PARIS -- It is now halfway to the target date of 2015 for the Millennium Development Goals -LRB- MDGs -RRB- -- the ambitious blueprint , backed by the entire development community , for development in the world 's poorest countries .
Sadly , we know that most countries will not meet the objectives by 2015 .
If the global poverty reduction target is met , it will be due to high growth in emerging countries such as China or India rather than to a decline in absolute poverty in the neediest countries .
First , the international community seems to be suffering from schizophrenia : whereas all countries solemnly affirmed their commitment to the MDGs , few have provided the means to achieve them .
In areas such as health or education , the acceleration needed to meet the targets in many countries would be faster than anything we have witnessed in history .
By aiming for targets that are far out of reach of the poorest countries ' public finances , the international community has agreed to substitute itself for those states in providing essential social services through long-term financial transfers .
It manages simultaneously to fleece the people of six poor countries and to put US workers in harm 's way .
Instead , countries are committed only to enforcing their own labor laws , which often seem designed to prevent workers from joining a union .
Although trade with Central America represents only about 1.5 % of total US trade , the outcome of the debate on DR-CAFTA will shape US trade policy -- which sets the tone for other rich countries ' stance in trade talks -- for years to come .
Indeed , Taiwanese capital and know-how built much of China 's hi-tech industries , and well over a half-million Taiwanese live and work near Shanghai in a virtual replica of Hsin Chu , Taiwan 's Silicon Valley .
Only 24 countries , mostly tiny island states , maintain diplomatic relations , while all but one of the world 's major powers and all important international institutions , including the United Nations , dance to the mainland 's tune on the issue .
From 2001 when Thaksin first became prime minister , to 2007 under military rule , Thailand 's corruption ranking plunged from an already low 61 to 84 , which puts the country in the same league as Gabon and Swaziland , two countries notorious for violent and corrupt leaders who routinely trample on their citizens ' rights .
Thus , in the Heritage Foundation 's annual rankings of countries by how free and competitive their economies are , Thailand routinely comes up short .
America 's Crony Capitalism Buenos Aires -- For 20 years , Americans have denounced the `` crony capitalism '' of Third World countries , especially in Asia .
Like swine flu , crony capitalism has migrated from corrupt Third World countries to America , once the citadel of sound public and private governance .
The first step is for some country or countries to volunteer the naval force needed to preserve Somalia 's humanitarian lifeline .
This time , the countries ' presidents will meet at a time of intensive American attention to the US-China trade balance and other economic issues , such as protection of intellectual property rights .
After all , China is not alone : India and other competitive developing countries pose a similar challenge to the US .
Similarly , the two countries have a common interest in stabilizing mainland China 's relations with Taiwan .
Nepal is one of the world 's poorest countries , ranking near the bottom even in the South Asian region .
For most middle-class people in developed countries , the home they own is their most valuable asset .
Although the postwar population boom and heavy regulation meant that real estate prices in many countries went up more often than down , a sudden collapse of the property market -- such as happened in Japan a decade ago -- may dramatically reduce the value of most people 's savings .
These worries plague people of all incomes , ages , and in all countries .
As shown by Mexico 's laments about job losses to China , people in emerging countries worry as much as those in advanced countries .
Scientific advances are the fundamental cause of economic progress , and yet many nations often apparently hope to piggyback on discoveries made in more scientifically-advanced countries .
Every government tries to encourage scientific research through education in science .
Indeed , scientists in a number of countries , some with past scientific glories , may already recognize this malady in their own institutions today .
The price their countries pay is a more sclerotic and slowly growing economy .
Smaller countries face difficulties in ensuring anonymity : the number of qualified scientists within a specific field may be so small that researchers can easily guess who reviews which proposals , and powerful figures can retaliate for negative evaluations of their unpromising research ideas .
Modeled after the NSF , it would augment the science foundations of individual European countries , creating a much larger research organization - one that draws from a larger pool of proposals .
Countries with politicized universities , or universities where bosses with powerful connections outside academia run the research enterprise , find it difficult to fund the best scientists .
Similar changes can be expected in other countries , as the importance of scientific competition and entrepreneurship becomes better understood .
Home values have soared to high levels in many countries as irrational exuberance grips the markets .
Within the last few years , people throughout the world 's most advanced economies have become acutely worried about the economic prowess of China , India , and other emerging countries with large low-wage populations .
Those fears are testing political leaders in the world 's richest countries .
After all , advanced countries have been losing manufacturing jobs to less developed countries for more than fifty years .
Cell phones and the Internet link the minds of many people in different countries effortlessly and efficiently , encouraging trade in intellectual creations .
Over the last fifty years , people in advanced countries have increasingly sought university education and specialized training to protect them from an unforgiving labor market .
Increased fear of competition from emerging countries is also a natural consequence of the collapse of the speculative bubble in equities in 2000 ; stock markets in some countries fell to less than half their peak value .
I asked this question of recent homebuyers on the theory that fear of job loss might help explain the remarkable boom in home prices in the US -LRB- as well as many other advanced countries -RRB- .
Fear of competition from abroad is now fundamental , and will change the political process in advanced and relatively advanced emerging countries throughout the world .
It helps explain the rise of protectionism , and the failure of the WTO trade talks in Cancun last September to improve emerging countries ' access to advanced-country markets .
This sudden fear of emerging countries presents a major dilemma .
The emerging countries are doing nothing more blameworthy than working towards their place as equals alongside advanced countries .
Certainly , China , India , and some other emerging countries are developing fast .
Too many factors remain fuzzy : the rate of growth of these countries ' energy demand , discoveries of new oil reserves , developments in oil-saving technology , and the ultimate replacement of oil by other energy sources .
Gradually , many countries , with prodding from their trade unions , now have some form of benefit protection plan for private pensions .
Indeed , in many countries , exaggerated fears of deflation are keeping interest rates depressed and the cost of capital at historic lows .
Consumer inflation increased fairly steadily -LRB- albeit with major short-run swings -RRB- , until the oil crises of 1973-4 and 1979-81 propelled it to historic highs in Europe , North America , Japan and other countries .
In fact , home buyers in most countries do nothing to protect themselves -- short of selling their homes -- because there is nothing to be done .
We hope to facilitate the creation of such markets in other countries as well .
Indeed , when deciding how much disaster aid to offer , countries often seem to be influenced mainly by their leaders ' concerns about how others will view them .
But insurance and other risk management institutions have been slow to develop , even in advanced countries .
To deal with disasters more effectively , countries must find the will to create an environment in which a much more developed private insurance industry can flourish .
Consider the absence of an early tsunami warning system in the worst affected countries . It is easy to blame people for lack of foresight , but none of the nine hardest hit countries had developed one .
Life expectancy might well be only 80 years by mid-century -- about where it is now in advanced countries -- if medical progress is disappointing or is offset by new threats or hazards .
In his 2005 book The Future for Investors , Jeremy Siegel argues that differences across countries in longevity will interact with differences in wealth levels to form a fundamental determinant of economic relations among countries .
Trade flows may be driven substantially by longevity : countries expecting a relatively large number of elderly in the future should be running trade surpluses now and deficits later .
Indeed , countries with higher birth rates are less exposed to longevity risk in the next half-century or so than countries with low birth rates .
Of course , if one looks at many different investment strategies and many different countries , one can find something that performed spectacularly in the past , even if there is no strategy that can be expected to do so well in the future .
Elroy Dimson , Paul Marsh , and Mike Staunton wrote in their book Triumph of the Optimists that of 15 countries that have advanced economies today , the US stock market ranked fourth in its rate of return between 1900 and 2000 , behind Australia , Sweden , and South Africa .
The geometric average real return of the US stock market was 6.7 % , but the median geometric real return for the other countries was only 4.7 % .
Countries with more successful markets are more likely to have complete data on both prices and dividends for a hundred years .
A study by Philippe Jorion and William Goetzmann found 39 countries with reliable stock price data -- though not dividend data -- for a good part of the twentieth century .
Their sample included countries in Latin America and Asian countries beyond Japan .
They found that the median real stock price appreciation from 1920 to 1996 for all these countries was only 0.8 % , compared to 4.3 % for the US .
The US was actually ranked first among the 39 countries .
Of course , even looking at these countries entails selection bias , for it excludes countries without price data for much of the twentieth century , notably China and Russia , where communist revolutions terminated the stock markets , resulting in -100 % returns for investors .
The G-8 finance ministers have agreed to cancel $ 40 billion of debt owed by eighteen of the world 's poorest countries .
But , at only $ 238 per person in the eighteen countries , debt relief alone is hardly enough to help the poor .
Fortunately , other efforts will complement the developed countries ' increased generosity .
Similar work is underway in Africa , led by the World Bank and in Central America various countries ' governments are collaborating with the Inter-American Development Bank and the Central American Bank for Economic Integration .
Jeffrey Sachs 's new book The End of Poverty argues that with proper help from advanced countries the world could see the end of poverty as we know it in coming decades , prompting some to describe him as a starry-eyed idealist .
The Chinese economy has been growing at such a breathtaking annual pace -- 9.5 % in the year ending in the second quarter of 2005 -- that it is the toast of the world , an apparent inspiration for developing countries everywhere .
In 1992 , Bradford DeLong of the University of California at Berkeley and Lawrence Summers , now President of Harvard University , showed in a famous paper that countries with higher investment , especially in equipment , historically have had higher economic growth .
So , as global economic growth continues , and as household incomes rise in today 's most populous emerging countries , demand -- and thus prices -- for vacation homes in beautiful places , either at home or abroad , will most likely soar .
Real GDP has been growing at around 3 % a year in many advanced countries , and twice that or more in some emerging countries .
Large numbers of people contribute to a holiday atmosphere and attract entertainment and sports industries .
Similarly , spectacular deflation in many countries around the world in the early 1930 's magnified the real value of -LRB- unhedged and unindexed -RRB- debts , leading to millions of defaults and widespread bank failures .
In 2003 , an IMF study raised the specter of Japan-like problems around the world , and listed thirteen countries , including , China , Germany , Singapore , and Poland , with a moderate to high risk of deflation .
Yet , in the face of overwhelming evidence of the importance of inflation or deflation risk , most people -- even in countries that have been warned -- generally still have not taken steps to protect themselves .
Indexed units of account are not a new idea ; Chile 's government led the way in 1967 by creating the Unidad de Fomento -LRB- UF -RRB- , and other Latin American countries have followed suit .
The Great Depression , which followed the stock market crash of 1929 , saw unemployment rise sharply in many countries , accompanied by severe deflation .
A 2005 study headed by Guillermo Calvo , Chief Economist for the Inter-American Development Bank , found important similarities between the Great Depression of the 1930 's and economic crises since 1980 in 31 emerging countries .
The fundamental experience of the Great Depression has repeated itself , on a smaller scale , many times and in many countries in recent decades : a shock in financial markets , followed by a sharp decline in gross domestic product .
For example , the US wage insurance program is confined to manufacturing workers over age 50 who are in competitively vulnerable industries and are deemed by the Secretary of Labor to have nontransferable skills .
What makes countries grow is perhaps the most fascinating issue in economics , and one of tremendous political-indeed , geopolitical-importance as well .
In pondering this question , the case of Mexico-neither an economic tiger like China or Singapore nor a sluggard like many African and Carribean countries-may be especially instructive .
But the obvious advantages of economic integration with the prosperous US are no less important to Mexico 's economic stability and development than accession to the EU is for countries like Poland , Latvia , or Slovakia .
Indeed , the most important benefit of NAFTA for Mexico is that it represents a long-term commitment among the three member countries to work together .
Almost all other countries fall between these two extremes .
Some patterns across countries are obvious . Oil-rich countries tend to save a lot .
Countries with serious internal crises or conflicts tend to save little .
After all , the virtuous circle of high savings and rapid growth operates more strongly in China than in other developing countries where incomes are rising and birth rates are falling .
This suggests that there are other , deeper factors that underlie the differences in Chinese and US saving rates -- factors that reflect different life experiences and how these experiences are filtered through the two countries ' cultures .
Moreover , while economic inequality is on the rise in both countries , Chinese and Americans comprehend this very differently .
Real estate booms have been going on in these countries ' major cities for years .
If home prices crash in the US , the bastion of capitalism , could it destroy confidence and end the boom in other countries ?
The Rising Wealth of Nations The new Penn World Table , Version 6.2 , comparing standards of living across countries , has just been released .
The latest figures are for 2004 , and , because of data lags , not all countries are included .
Yet these numbers are valuable because they are of exceptional quality and they correct systematically for relative price differences across countries , which sometimes leads to surprising results .
Among the 82 countries for which 2004 data are now available , there has been really good news : real per capita GDP has risen by an average of 18.9 % between 2000 and 2004 , or 4.4 % per year .
Despite all the talk about the Chinese economic miracle , China 's ranking has risen only slightly , from 61st out of 82 countries in 2000 to 60th in 2004 -- even though per capita real GDP grew by 44 % between 2000 and 2004 , or 9.6 % a year , the highest of the major countries .
The reason China has not risen higher is that other countries have been growing too , and because the gaps between countries are enormous .
The range between the poorest and the richest countries in the world is a factor of more than 100 .
The average real per capita GDP of the top 25 % of countries is 15 times that of the bottom 25 % .
Watching these countries progress is like watching a marathon .
Economic performance in several Latin American countries was relatively weak in this period , with Uruguay 's real GDP per capita actually recording a fall by a fraction of a percent .
If such growth rates continue , we will see relatively poor countries like India , Indonesia , the Philippines , or Nicaragua reach the average levels currently enjoyed by advanced countries in 50 years .
Sweden , too , has such bonds , as do other countries .
But , while such bonds have succeeded in raising savings rates in the countries that have created them , they have not had advocates in the United States .
He then urged lower barriers to agricultural exports to help the poor in developing countries .
The economists Alberto Alesina and Roberto Perotti have shown that , after controlling for several other factors , high-inequality countries do tend to have more social instability , as measured by , say , the number of politically motivated assassinations or the number of people killed in conjunction with domestic mass violence .
Real GDP has been increasing at around 3 % a year in advanced countries , and even faster recently in many emerging countries .
The best-known examples of such grand new cities are planned capitals , typically built near countries ' geographic center . These include Brasilia -LRB- 1950 's -RRB- , Canberra -LRB- 1910 's -RRB- , Islamabad -LRB- 1960 's -RRB- , New Delhi -LRB- 1910 's -RRB- , and Washington DC -LRB- 1790 's -RRB- .
A surge in home prices has infected almost all advanced countries since 2000 , with the exception of Germany and Japan .
These are averages across whole countries , but some regions are more overvalued than others .
This is likely to be the case for `` glamour cities '' in which international celebrities , entertainment industries , world-class universities , or high technology industries are located .
After all , in the 1990 's , the US stock-market surge -LRB- as in many countries -RRB- was fueled by record-high price\/earnings ratios .
True , savings rates in emerging markets and oil-rich countries have been increasing since 1970 , and especially in the last few years , but this has been offset by declining saving rates in advanced countries .
Roughly two-thirds of these countries have had dramatic housing booms since 2000 , most of which appear to be continuing , at least for the time being .
A study published in 2005 by economists Geert Bekaert , Campbell Harvey , and Christian Lundblad found that when countries liberalize their stock markets , allowing them to operate freely without government intervention , economic growth rises by an average of one percentage point annually .
The US is one of the world 's most financially liberal countries .
The usual explanation of today 's scarcity and high prices focuses on explosive growth in emerging countries , China and India in particular , whose demand for scarce resources is `` insatiable . ''
More fundamentally , why do these countries seemingly fail to exercise the kind of economic leadership and innovation that their histories lead us to expect , especially in the innovative high technology sectors that most define our future ?
Weak economic performance in these countries is even more puzzling in view of the sharp drop in their birthrates decades ago .
Edmund Phelps of Columbia University says that these slow-growing countries lack `` dynamism , '' which he defines as a combination of entrepreneurial spirit and the financial institutions to channel it .
But is this an accurate description of slow-growing countries ?
But it is actually difficult to see much of a difference in fundamental human values or preferences between these countries and the US .
While some variation in attitudes towards markets and enterprise did exist , the biggest differences were situational , rather than attitudinal : people in some countries had lower expectations of success and thought that government regulations would stymie their activities .
Indeed , financial institutions , at least in some of the countries surveyed , are now among the most advanced in the world .
But only recently many slow growing countries were eager to develop venture capital markets and foster stock exchanges -- France 's Nouveau Marche , Germany 's Neuer Markt , Italy 's Nuovo Mercato , and Mothers in Japan -- devoted to risky investments .
Surely , the inadequacy of financial institutions is not what really retards the growth of these countries .
Moreover , the draft European constitution will prohibit discrimination in social-welfare benefits against immigrants from other EU countries .
The latest Nielsen Global Consumer Confidence Index , which covers 52 countries , fell to 84 , from 137 when it was launched in 2005 .
The G-7 countries announced a coordinated plan to fix the world economy on October 10 , and that weekend the G-20 countries endorsed the plan .
And why does the housing market in so many other countries now reflect similar conditions ?
These `` trills '' would help individual countries manage their GDP risks .
Less than 1 % of the earth 's land area is densely urbanized , and even in the most populated major countries , the share is less than 10 % .
Farmers will not be able to make a profit operating in some country where land is very expensive , and farmers would give up in those countries unless the price of land fell roughly to world levels , though corrections would have to be made for differing labor costs and other factors .
In many countries , governments in 2009 responded to the collapse of housing bubbles by instituting policies aimed at supporting these speculative markets .
Indeed , countries that do not allow business-method patents -- even though some of their citizens apply for patents in the US -- run the risk that their businesses will lose some of their creative edge .
Indeed , the scandal set in motion a sequence of laws in countries around the world that today require food labeling to go beyond mere lists of ingredients to include information about the vitamins , minerals , and calories that products contain .
We have to hope that the same kind of outcome will emerge from the financial scandals that have produced public outrage analogous to that directed at the food industries in Upton Sinclair 's day .
The same problems occur in many other countries .
By contrast , in recent decades central bankers in many countries have gradually won acceptance for the principle of independence from day-to-day political pressures .
From them , the Reinharts and Rogoff found , for example , that median annual growth rates of real per capita GDP for advanced countries were one percentage point lower in the decade following a crisis , while median unemployment rates were five percentage points higher .
The supposed threat posed by government debt levels has n't hurt these markets , at least in the relatively few countries that have inflation-indexed bonds .
All these countries have shown roughly the same downward trend in real interest rates for many years , and notably since 2000 .
In fact , there was a temporary upward spike in real long-term interest rates during the financial crisis in countries with indexed bonds .
The payoffs of such investments are , if anything , higher than they were then , given that many countries still have relatively weak economies that need stimulating .
But another housing bubble is not imminent in countries where one just burst .
But newspaper accounts suggest that such contributions from foreign countries should be put in the hundreds of millions of US dollars -- well below 1 % of the total losses .
I -LRB- among others -RRB- have been arguing for years that countries should cover their risks by issuing a different kind of national debt , tied to their own GDP or a similar measure of economic success .
A year is the time that it takes for the earth to orbit the sun , which , except for seasonal industries like agriculture , has no particular economic significance .
A paper written last year by Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff , called `` Growth in a Time of Debt , '' has been widely quoted for its analysis of 44 countries over 200 years , which found that when government debt exceeds 90 % of GDP , countries suffer slower growth , losing about one percentage point on the annual rate .
One might be misled into thinking that , because 90 % sounds awfully close to 100 % , awful things start happening to countries that get into such a mess . But if one reads their paper carefully , it is clear that Reinhart and Rogoff picked the 90 % figure almost arbitrarily .
Debt-to-GDP ratios tend to increase for countries that are in economic trouble .
If this is part of the reason that higher debt-to-GDP ratios correspond to lower economic growth , there is less reason to think that countries should avoid a higher ratio , as Keynesian theory implies that fiscal austerity would undermine , rather than boost , economic performance .
Apparently , the specter of government deadlock causing a humiliating default suddenly made the US resemble the European countries that really are teetering on the brink .
This is higher than that of regulators in other major countries .
Obviously , these two countries ' relative positions are due to circumstances that can be changed , or that will change in response to economic events and political decisions .
But the leaders of the world 's rich countries have great difficulty addressing risks to their relative success vis-à-vis less developed countries , because national self-esteem is too tied up with it .
Citizens in advanced countries just ca n't believe - and do n't want to be told - that their privileged status may be dissipated unless proper steps are taken to insure against the risks they face .
For example , the world 's advanced countries are scarcely less dependent on oil today than they were in 1973 , when the OPEC embargo stifled their economies and sent prices soaring .
Despite occasional efforts at conservation , rich countries always go back to `` business as usual . ''
If Obama and Chinese President Hu Jintao could agree about what actions their countries would take , and what explicit commitments they would make as part of a global agreement , the rest of the world would follow .
Unfortunately , the two countries stand on opposing sides on climate change .
Because both countries want to avoid being blamed for scuttling a global agreement , they will work together to make their modest plans look as substantial as possible and promise to do more after Copenhagen .
But substantive agreements on climate change , the financial crisis , or North Korea would require both countries to take actions that could be domestically costly .
This is why the suicides are most prevalent in the cotton belt on which the seed industries ' claim is rapidly becoming a stranglehold .
During Vladimir Putin 's presidency , Chinese and Russian troops engaged in joint military maneuvers , and the two countries became dominant powers in the Shanghai Cooperation Organization -LRB- SCO -RRB- , which , to some Western observers , looked like an effort to counterbalance NATO .
There were also years of `` Russia in China '' and `` China in Russia '' cultural exchanges , meant to underscore that the two countries were tied together not just by geopolitical pragmatism , but by genuine cultural\/historical ties as well .
By one estimate , with a long term , predictable , and equitable post-2012 global regulatory framework for curbing greenhouse gas emissions -LRB- when the Kyoto protocol expires -RRB- , carbon markets could develop exponentially and deliver financial flows to developing countries of anywhere between $ 20 and $ 120 billion dollars\/year .
The World Bank calculations show that developing countries need an annual investment of about $ 165 billion through 2030 just to supply electricity to their people .
On top of this $ 80 billion gap , developing countries will need another $ 30 billion per year to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions from the power sector alone and get on a low-carbon development path , and $ 10-40 billion dollars more per year to adapt to the already inevitable impact of climate change .
A forest carbon facility can reward forest conservation as a means of protecting the climate while also preserving ecosystems and generating income for poor communities in developing countries .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said that rich countries need to take the lead because only then will the less developed economies follow , and she is right .
Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said his country is ready to look into the possibility of creating a new financial mechanism , with substantial funds for the relatively long - term , to help developing countries halt global warming .
Mobilizing large scale financing for clean investments today and over the next 5-10 years is critical because this is when developing countries will essentially `` lock-in '' carbon emissions for the next 50 years .
Roughly speaking , almost everyone in the rich countries , the formerly communist countries , and the Asian tigers is educated , with adult literacy rates approaching 100 % , as are people of means in the poor countries .
The poor in poor countries , however , fare worse , as do some poor people in rich countries .
Indeed , reasonable estimates put the number of school-age children who are not attending school at 113 million , with 97 % living in developing countries .
According to the UN 's Human Development Report , one in five children in the world 's poorest countries does not go to school , including a staggering 40 % of school-age kids in sub-Saharan Africa .
In addition , the Human Development Report notes that 24 countries around the world are making insufficient or no progress -- if not actually backsliding -- in achieving the Millennium Development Goal of universal primary education .
One can only imagine how dire conditions may be in the 93 countries for which no data on the topic even exist .
In the 1990 's , we in the development community made a serious and costly blunder by pressuring national governments in developing countries to impose school fees in order to help achieve balanced budgets .
Some research suggested that fees might be useful in decentralizing education -- a laudable goal -- and in helping poor countries to `` live within their means '' -LRB- a nasty requirement in an age of global prosperity -RRB- .
Education ministries in Brazil , Uganda , and throughout many parts of the developing world know what works .
Europe 's former communist countries can make a special contribution to the process of transition across North Africa .
And they expected Muslim communities and countries around the world to rise up and mobilize behind their millenarian worldview .
Of those who do , a minute fraction actually tries to carry them out , and only a tiny number of those succeed .
The British economist John Maynard Keynes worried that countries would not use sterling to settle trading balances with each other if the pound were not viewed as a reliable store of value .
Thirteen countries in the European Union use the euro as money .
More dramatically , people in Austria , France , Japan , and Germany appear to be no happier than people in much poorer countries , like Brazil , Colombia , and the Philippines .
Comparisons between countries with different cultures are difficult , but the same effect appears within countries , except at very low income levels , such as below $ 12,000 annually for the US .
Even in rich countries , it usually is n't the rich who die in natural disasters .
If this is true in a country like the US , with a reasonably efficient infrastructure and the resources to help its citizens in times of crisis , it is even more evident when disasters strike developing countries , because their governments lack the resources needed , and because , when it comes to foreign assistance , rich nations still do not count all human lives equally .
In developed countries , the routine testing of older pregnant women , combined with the availability of abortion , has significantly reduced the incidence of conditions like Down syndrome .
The first option would require coercion , and -- since countries will not accept that others should gain a competitive edge -- an international agreement to forego the benefits that genetic enhancement can bring .
Malawi is one of the world 's least developed countries , with an infant mortality rate of 94 per thousand and a life expectancy at birth of 41 years . Of the adult population , about one in seven have HIV\/AIDS .
Adopting children from developing countries does not address the causes of poverty .
Many countries recognize a legal right to refuse medical treatment .
The disease causes a temporary loss of production , and once foot and mouth disease is established in a country , other countries will prohibit the importation of its meat and dairy products because they do n't want the disease to spread it to their animals .
Vaccination , however , does n't solve the export problem , because it produces false positives on blood tests of animals suspected of having the disease , so the importing countries do n't know if they have found an animal with the disease , or an animal that has been vaccinated against it .
To be on the safe side , countries ban the import of vaccinated animals anyway .
Recent events in three countries have highlighted the importance of this question .
A study of 28 European countries found that depression cost them ¤ 118 billion in 2004 , or 1 % of their combined GDP .
Depression is also costly in developing countries .
On the other hand , it clearly is possible that differences in IQ scores between people living in impoverished countries and people living in affluent countries are affected by factors like education and nutrition in early childhood .
Belgium and Argentina introduced it earlier , and it is practiced in many other countries , especially in Latin America , although both sanctions and enforcement vary .
Countries worried about low voter turnout would do well to consider their compulsory model .
The polls , involving nearly 15,000 respondents , were conducted in 16 countries , representing 58 % of the world 's population : Azerbaijan , China , Egypt , France , Great Britain , India , Indonesia , Iran , Mexico , Nigeria , the Palestinian Territories , Russia , South Korea , Turkey , Ukraine , and the United States .
In 11 of these countries , most people believe that , over their lifetimes , people of different races and ethnicities have come to be treated more equally .
Significantly , these majorities existed in Muslim countries as well .
Equal rights for women -- not simply suffrage , but also working outside the home or living independently -- was still a radical idea in many countries .
In many other countries , too , whatever people may say about gender equality , the reality is that women are far from having equal rights .
As Hsieh , who is 36 , earned more , they gave away more , mostly to organizations helping the poor in developing countries .
Other countries , such as New Zealand and the United Kingdom , have taken steps to protect great apes from harmful experimentation , but no national parliament has declared that any animal could be a person with rights .
That figure would be reached if countries accounting for one-third of the global economy -- say , most European nations , or the United States and one or two small affluent nations -- contributed 0.03 % of their gross national income , or three cents for every $ 100 they earn .
Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni last year accused the industrialized countries of committing aggression against Africa by causing global warming .
We know that in countries as diverse as China , India , Russia , and the United States , the number of billionaires soared .
There have been especially dramatic reductions in poverty in countries like China and India .
If the recession reduces demand for imports from developing nations , many people living in those countries will lose their jobs .
In this dire situation , what will the rich countries do ?
But in countries where the Church 's influence remains strong , IVF 's opponents are fighting back .
Yet , despite these well-founded criticisms , over the last 20 years factory farming -- not only of chickens , but also of pigs , veal calves , dairy cows , and , in outdoor feedlots , cattle -- has spread rapidly in developing countries , especially in Asia .
The daily deaths of children in poor countries from diarrhea , measles , and malaria are part of the background of the world we live in , and so are not news at all .
In most countries , it is possible to visit zoos and see bored animals pacing back and forth in cages , with nothing to do but wait for the next meal .
Several countries -- among them Austria , Costa Rica , Denmark , Finland , India , Israel , and Sweden -- ban or severely restrict the use of wild animals in circuses .
In any case , in many countries that have restrictions or bans on circuses with animals , human-only circuses have flourished .
Moreover , thanks to the hard work of Oxfam America and the Publish What You Pay coalition , the law also requires oil and mining companies -- both US and foreign -- that want to raise capital in the US to disclose their payments to the governments of countries in which they operate .
For many poor countries , wealth in natural resources is a curse rather than a benefit .
In any case , according to a recent World Bank\/International Monetary Fund report , we are not on track to meet even the scaled-back global target of halving the proportion of hungry people in developing countries .
For a long time , rich countries have promised to reduce poverty , but have failed to match their words with adequate action .
Just a handful of countries -- Denmark , Luxembourg , the Netherlands , Norway , and Sweden -- have met or exceeded the UN 's modest target of 0.7 % of GDP for foreign development assistance .
The initiative has met with some success , although it has not completely halted trade in diamonds from conflict-torn countries like the Democratic Republic of Congo .
Nigeria and Angola are other glaring examples of countries that have failed to use their oil wealth for the benefit of their people .
Paradoxically , resource-rich developing countries are often worse off than comparable countries that lack those resources .
Thus , the resources that should benefit developing countries instead become a curse that brings corruption , coups , and civil wars .
And , if the diamond industry can put itself on an ethical footing , it might send a message to other industries that deal in resources that are effectively being stolen from some of the world 's poorest people .
Many of his own men have refused to fire on their own people , instead defecting to the rebels or flying their planes to nearby Malta , so Qaddafi has called in mercenaries from neighboring countries who are more willing to obey his orders .
This is the first time that the Security Council has unanimously referred a situation involving human rights violations to the International Criminal Court , and it is remarkable that countries that are not members of the Court -- including the United States , Russia , and China -- nevertheless supported the referral .
Many European countries , as well as Australia , Canada , Israel , and New Zealand , have adopted legislation that creates a `` public lending right '' -- that is , the government recognizes that enabling hundreds of people to read a single copy of a book provides a public good , but that doing so is likely to reduce sales of the book .
At times , it has seemed that gains for animals in Western countries have been outweighed by increasing animal abuse in China , as growing prosperity there boosts demand for animal products .
In this area , Western countries have set a deplorable example .
It has already outlawed keeping veal calves in individual stalls , and , in six months , it will be illegal in all 27 EU countries , from Portugal to Poland and from Britain to Greece , to keep laying hens in the bare-wire cages that today dominate the egg industry around the world .
The problem does not lie with voters , who , in states like Florida , Arizona , and California , have shown that they want farm animals to have better protection than the animal industries typically provide .
There remain many other countries with deplorable animal-welfare standards .
The best hope for further progress , it seems , lies in animal welfare becoming , like human rights , an international issue that affects countries ' reputations .
On surveys that use the first approach , countries like Nigeria , Mexico , Brazil , and Puerto Rico do well , which suggests that the answer may have more to do with the national culture than with objective indicators like health , education , and standard of living .
When the second approach is taken , it tends to be the richer countries , like Denmark and Switzerland , that come out on top .
Bhutan has a Gross National Happiness Commission , chaired by the prime minister , which screens all new policy proposals put forward by government ministries .
Both countries are democracies , just as the eagle and the peacock are birds .
The Cold War 's end allowed a thaw to begin between the two countries .
Drug trafficking , money laundering and economic crimes are areas where the two countries are already working together , for there is now greater understanding of their respective positions , and also shared interests , on these issues .
These two great countries , `` natural allies '' in the words of former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee , should reflect on what they have accomplished together since 1998 , in order to map what lies ahead .
What can the two countries do , separately and together ?
Only through such acceptance can the two countries chart a common future .
Two great peoples and countries , although now locked in a `` strategic alliance , '' may occasionally fall out of step with one another , as India and the US have -- for example , over global climate negotiations .
In both countries , deep and mutually paralyzing suspicion has poisoned relations for three decades .
So long as these dark shadows are allowed to linger , `` resetting '' relations between the two countries , in the manner of US-Russia relations , will be impossible .
The list of disputes between the two countries is almost endless , but Iran 's plan to enrich uranium now stands above everything else .
When Spain and Portugal joined the EU two decades ago , emigration to existing member states was lessened by the fact that many immigrants had arrived from these countries during Europe 's go-go 1960s .
Unlike immigration from non-European countries , East European immigrants share a similar cultural background and will assimilate easily .
In principle , with flexible labor markets , migration creates welfare gains for all countries .
Emigration countries gain because their nationals can earn an income in Western Europe that , for all but the most marginal migrant , is more than sufficient to compensate for the loss of domestic value added and the subjective and objective costs of migration .
If immigration countries suffer from chronic unemployment because wages are overly generous and rigid , as seems the case in most West European countries , migrants who find work will simply displace nationals from their jobs .
But migrants produce no additional value added for the countries into which they immigrate , but incur migration costs and their contribution to domestic value added is missing .
Given that immigrants usually enter countries that redistribute resources from above-average to below-average incomes , such benefits are likely even if immigrants work and pay taxes and social security contributions .
Politicians and lawyers may dislike this solution , because it undermines the EU 's principle of social inclusion for employment and resembles arrangements that currently apply to EU citizens who live in other member countries without working there .
Moreover , it would reduce the fiscal burden on taxpayers in immigration countries , thereby preventing a competitive dismantling of West European welfare states driven by the aim of warding off expensive immigration .
With average yearly GDP growth of 2.2 % from 1995 to 2005 it fell short of the non-Scandinavian countries of the EU-15 , which grew by 2.8 % on average .
Its average per capita GDP was 39 % above that of the other EU countries , and on average the unemployment rate stood at 6.7 % , compared to 8 % elsewhere in the old EU .
Prompted by capital flows to low-wage countries , specialization , outsourcing , and even immigration , the equilibrium price of unskilled labor has fallen throughout the western countries . Yet these countries hesitate to let actual wages fall for obvious social reasons .
This is the strategy that most EU countries , Germany in particular , have chosen .
But , given increasing capacity utilization in the export industries , as well as higher investment requirements owing to the normal capital replacement cycle , domestic investment demand is now also rising .
Although Germany 's net investment as a share of GNP remains one of the lowest in the developed world , the additional investment implies more jobs in the construction and machine tool industries , followed by rising employment wherever the investment is placed .
The Green Paradox The protesters have returned to their home countries , the injured are licking their wounds , the heads of state are back to business as usual , and Heiligendamm , the old spa on Germany 's Baltic coast , is resuming its dream of imperial beauty .
With charm and unassuming clear-headedness , she wrought a compromise from the G8 countries that may help save the world from the most severe devastations caused by global warming .
The world 's eight richest countries promised to `` seriously consider '' halving their CO2 emissions by 2050 .
The wording may sound vague , but , given the positions the countries held at the outset , the outcome was an important achievement .
But , while the compromise is more than could have been hoped for at the outset , several important countries did not partake of it .
To be sure , China , India , Brazil , South Africa , and Mexico signed on ; but many countries , including the Asian tigers and most European countries , did not , despite their large contributions to polluting the world 's atmosphere .
If major consumer countries and most producer countries do not join the agreement to reduce CO2 emissions , it could be useless .
Many believe that aggregate CO2 emissions are the result of independent decisions in individual countries .
Thus , if a group of countries decides to have lower emissions , worldwide emissions will decline by the sum of these countries ' reductions .
Sure , it would be better if all countries curtailed their emissions , but it is already a great help if at least some countries do so .
If countries decide to cut their emissions , they will have to reduce their consumption of fossil fuels , in particular oil .
This will reduce the world price of these fuels , inducing other countries to consume even more than they otherwise would .
Countries that cut their emissions would , in effect , be subsidizing their competitors ' growth , not necessarily reducing the speed of global warming .
If the sheikhs are stubborn and continue to extract as much as they had planned to extract without the G8 's restraint , the price of fuels will fall sufficiently to induce so much extra consumption among the non-participating countries that the net effect on aggregate CO2 emissions will be nil .
The oil sheikhs would likely be inclined to postpone extraction only if they could reasonably assume that the demand reductions of the signing countries and the comparative price reduction that this implies are stronger today than they will be in the future .
They will therefore speed up rather than reduce production , in order to avoid selling their oil when anxiety about CO2 peaks and the artificial measures of the signing countries to reduce their consumption have dampened the oil price most .
The commitments of single countries like Germany to over-fulfill their duties are useless .
Such unions are common in Anglo-Saxon countries . They were responsible to a great extent for Britain 's economic decline in the 1960 's and 1970 's .
The UN and many countries officially share the view that bio-fuel is one option in fighting climate change .
EU countries subsidized bio-fuels production with ¤ 3.7 billion in 2006 , and intend to cover 8 % of their motor fuels from biological sources by 2015 and 20 % by 2020 .
The Kyoto Protocol allows countries to meet their target reductions of CO2 emissions by substituting bio-fuels for fossil fuels .
Twenty-one percent of China 's exports and 23 % of the EU 's exports to non-member countries go to the US .
The most recent CESifo World Economic Survey -LRB- WES -RRB- from 90 countries confirms this .
First , consumers , faced with tighter credit and falling house values , will need to cut spending , slowing the US economy and affecting all countries via world trade .
Other countries have been more successful due to fortunate circumstances .
Future generations already bear an excessive pension burden in all European countries .
Other European countries are in a similar situation , which is exacerbated by the fact that Europeans are having fewer children .
With such low growth , the 3 % - of-GDP ceiling for annual fiscal deficits is no longer compatible with the 60 % limit on the debt-GDP ratio that the Maastricht Treaty stipulates for the euro countries .
Countries that borrow 3 % and grow at a rate of 4 % will converge towards a debt\/GDP ratio of 75 % .
The easiest way to keep the debt\/GDP ratio under control would be to implement a staggered deficit criterion that reduces the permitted public-finance deficit to less than 3 % for countries whose debt\/GDP ratio exceeds 60 % and raises the deficit ceiling above 3 % for countries whose debt\/GDP ratio is below this level .
This approach would automatically take account of different growth rates and give countries a powerful incentive to run surpluses in good times in order to increase the scope for maneuver in bad times .
Because Germany still restricts the immigration of dependent workers from eastern EU countries , most of its immigrants come as self-employed or economically inactive people .
Given that about 5 % of the Polish population has now emigrated within a period of only four years , despite immigration restrictions by important target countries , these estimates were much too cautious .
To be on the safe side , host countries often try to limit immigration to skilled workers , because they join segments of the labor market in which sufficient downward wage flexibility provides immigrants with additional jobs .
But countries have so far had mixed success in attracting skilled immigrants .
The most successful countries in this regard have been the Anglo-Saxon countries -LRB- Canada , Ireland , Australia , the United States , and the UK , in that order -RRB- , as well as Denmark and Norway .
More than one-third of immigrants to these countries have tertiary education , with Canada and Ireland at 45 % .
In the more unsuccessful countries -- Italy , Austria , Germany , France , Portugal , and the Netherlands -- the proportion of immigrants with a tertiary education is below a quarter .
The brain drain to the Anglo-Saxon countries , the US in particular , is astounding .
Today 's brain drain is not only from emerging and developing countries to richer countries , but also from European countries to the US .
Of course , people with a decent tertiary education are also important for a country 's economy , and here the loss of some European countries is substantial .
This may reflect the high interchange in both directions between the Anglo-Saxon countries , or replacement migration in which skilled people arrive from elsewhere as the domestic skilled migrate to other Anglo-Saxon countries .
The Global Economy 's Gathering Storm MUNICH -- From 2004 to 2007 , the world economy experienced an unusually long and strong boom , with growth rates of nearly 5 % and with many countries participating .
Unfortunately , the weight of these countries and regions is small ; China , the biggest of them , accounts for only 5 % of the world economy .
A second hypothesis is closer to the truth : the decline of economic activity in Germany thus far has not been as strong as in other countries .
Since last October , Western countries ' rescue packages for banks have reached about $ 4.3 trillion .
Other countries share this concern , if to a lesser extent .
Germany , with its notoriously low inflation rate , may be among the first countries to experience declining prices .
For Europe 's bigger countries , the picture of annualized demand in the same period is mixed .
Germany , Japan , and other countries absorbed and mitigated the shock waves .
More than 50 % of the world 's population is now considered middle class , with a living standard above the average of the developed countries ' poverty lines -LRB- $ 8.2 at 1996 PPP prices -RRB- .
And the worldwide Gini coefficient of inter-country inequality fell from 0.653 to 0.556 from 1980 to 2007 , owing largely to the astounding performance of the emerging countries , particularly China and India .
Moreover , huge waves of migrants from developing countries to OECD countries challenge the assimilation capacity of the latter and deprive the former of its educated work force .
The brain drain is a problem not only for South America west of the Andes and many African countries , but also for Turkey , Italy , Britain , the Balkan countries , Germany , and Finland .
Migration from developing countries partly reflects a problem that also triggered the current financial crisis : international capital flowed in the wrong direction .
In 2007 alone , the US imported $ 790 billion of capital , while the emerging and developing countries exported $ 714 billion .
This made it possible for US households to stop saving and enjoy an exorbitant consumption level , but it stood on its head the conventional wisdom that capital should flow from rich to poor countries , where it can more productively be invested .
Most of these private securities were sold to oil-exporting countries and Europe , in particular Germany , Britain , the Benelux countries , Switzerland , and Ireland .
At 14 % of GDP , Greece 's latest current-account deficit was the largest of the euro-zone countries after Cyprus .
The other euro-zone countries , however , will not let Greece go under , because they fear a domino effect similar to the one triggered among banks by the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008 .
If these countries became insolvent and curtailed their expenditure , a new worldwide recession would be likely .
Of course , the EU countries could leave Greece to the mercy of the International Monetary Fund , which is willing and able to help -- conditional on the government 's implementation of a strict austerity program .
But many euro-zone politicians regard turning to the IMF as a sign of weakness and prefer their countries to shoulder the burden themselves .
Another reason why help will likely come from euro-zone countries is that they would bear a substantial share of the Greek losses anyway .
As the ECB belongs to all euro countries , they would all bear the loss .
Indeed , some countries insisted on the no-bailout clause as a condition of their participation in the euro , fearing that Europe 's debtor countries could , by majority voting , expropriate the thriftier countries , thereby generating moral-hazard effect that would undermine the stability of the EU .
Reining in Europe 's Debtor Nations MUNICH -- The eurozone countries have now agreed to provide some ¤ 80 billion in cheap loans to Greece over the next three years , and hope that the International Monetary Fund will provide another ¤ 15 billion at the least .
The first is that the European Union provides the necessary funds on a permanent basis , creating a `` European Transfer Union '' to the benefit of the deficit countries , including Portugal , Spain , Ireland and Italy .
The first is unbearable for the more stable EU countries , because it would deprive them of their wealth and suck them into a dangerous fiscal maelstrom .
And the third would destabilize the euro , possibly resulting in a run on some other EU countries .
Loans would be provided by other EU countries if necessary , taking the form of covered state bonds collateralized with privatizable state assets .
The fines could be as high as the interest premium would be in the absence of help , thereby ensuring that the benefit of enhanced stability under the euro accrues to all eurozone countries , rather than to the profligate members themselves .
In addition to the ¤ 80 billion program already agreed for Greece , the European Union countries agreed on a ¤ 500 billion credit line for other distressed countries .
The driving force behind all this was French President Nicolas Sarkozy , who colluded with the heads of Europe 's southern countries .
The `` Club Med , '' as Germans call the southern countries , had taken over Europe .
Even the European Central Bank chipped in , buying government bonds of over-indebted countries , using a loophole in the Maastricht Treaty and overruling the Bank 's German representatives .
By formally proclaiming a systemic euro crisis -- when in fact there was only nervous market reaction concerning a few European countries ' government bonds -- they could invoke Article 122 of the Union Treaty , which was intended to help member countries in the event of natural disasters beyond their control .
The average interest-rate spread relative to Germany of the countries protected by the new rescue package was 1.08 percentage points on May 7 , when the world was claimed to be going under .
Markets are just moving towards a new equilibrium with higher interest-rate spreads , which reflect the higher default risk of some European countries -- a bit like in pre-euro times , though much less extreme .
The Stability and Growth Pact , aimed at punishing countries that breach the 3 % - of-GDP deficit limit , was a joke : not a single wayward country was ever punished .
This discipline will stem the gigantic capital imports by the countries at Europe 's periphery and end the overheating ushered in by the interest-rate convergence that the euro brought about .
These countries will go through a slump that will reduce their inflation -LRB- perhaps bringing them close to deflation -RRB- improve their competitiveness , and reduce their current-account deficits .
The risk premia that financially distressed countries must pay remain high and signal continuing risk .
The spreads for Ireland and Portugal have also been rising , even though by the end of July it seemed that the gigantic ¤ 920 billion rescue package put together by the EU , the eurozone countries , the IMF , and the European Central Bank would calm the markets .
The world is currently divided into two groups of countries : those that are off to a strong recovery , and those that lag behind and are signaling new problems .
The BRIC countries -- Brazil , Russia , India , and China -- are in the first group .
The second group consists of countries with debt problems , above all the United States .
The former boom countries -- Greece , Ireland , and Spain -- remain in recession , and their GDPs will continue to shrink .
The explanation for this divided world is that countries like Greece , Spain , and the US , which experienced a long boom financed by huge capital imports , now face growing difficulties in finding foreign finance .
By contrast , countries that exported capital now enjoy an excess of liquidity because capital is shying away from `` saturated '' countries .
The central banks of South Korea , Brazil , Taiwan , Japan , Switzerland , and many other countries are now buying dollars in order to protect their own currencies against revaluation and thus to defend their exports .
Direct real-estate finance via private channels came mainly from other countries -- Germany , for example .
EU countries agreed to limit their fiscal deficits to 3 % of GDP to ensure debt discipline under the euro , so that no country could use the new currency to take its neighbors hostage and force them into bailout operations .
In fact , the EU countries exceeded the 3 % limit 97 times .
Indeed , this year , two countries , Greece and Ireland , were bailed out by the rest of the EU , even though Article 125 of the consolidated EU treaty stipulates that no member state is to stand in for the debt of another , a guarantee that Germany required as a pre-condition for giving up its beloved Deutschmark .
The EU 's maneuvers may stabilize Europe in the short run and help it to withstand better the current speculative attacks on some of the euro countries ' government bonds , but they risk long-term destabilization .
Normally , a country 's current-account deficit -LRB- trade deficit minus transfers from other countries -RRB- is financed with foreign private capital .
These funds went to the exporting countries , where they circulated as part of normal transactions .
The exporting countries ' central banks responded by reducing their emissions of fresh money to be lent to the domestic economy .
In effect , central-bank money lending in exporting countries , above all in Germany , was diverted to the GIPS .
But , as GIPS ' central-bank lending came at the expense of central-bank lending within the eurozone 's exporting countries , the policy amounted to a forced capital export from these countries to the GIPS .
The amount of the ECB 's `` replacement lending '' is shown by the so-called Target2 account , which measures the deficit or surplus of a country 's financial transactions with other countries .
To exit this policy , the ECB wants the EU 's Luxembourg rescue facility , EFSF or ESM to take over , and some countries even call for the issuance of eurobonds .
MUNICH -- `` It 's not the euro that 's in danger , but the public finances of individual European countries . '' One hears this everywhere nowadays , but it 's not true .
The euro itself is at risk , because the countries in crisis have , in recent years , been running the eurozone 's monetary printing presses overtime .
Some 90 % of the refinancing debt that the commercial banks of the GIPS countries -LRB- Greece , Ireland , Portugal , and Spain -RRB- hold with their respective national central banks served to purchase a net inflow of goods and assets from other eurozone countries .
Two-thirds of all refinancing loans within the eurozone were granted within the GIPS countries , despite the fact that these countries account for only 18 % of eurozone GDP .
Indeed , 88 % of these countries ' current-account deficits over the last three years were financed via the extension of credit within the Eurosystem .
The ECB bailout program has enabled the people of the peripheral countries to continue to live beyond their means , and well-heeled asset holders to take their wealth elsewhere .
The capacity for continuing this policy will soon be depleted , as the central-bank money flowing from the GIPS countries to the core countries of the eurozone increasingly crowds out the money created through refinancing operations there .
The main refinancing rate would then only be the rate at which the peripheral EU countries draw ECB money for purchases in the center of Europe , which ultimately would be the source of all the money circulating in the euro area .
Without the additional money that GIPS central banks created in excess of their countries ' requirements for internal circulation , trade deficits could not have been sustained , and the GIPS ' commercial banks would have been unable to prop up asset prices -LRB- which all too often were those of government bonds -RRB- .
If these countries lack the political consensus they need to pull this off , they should in their own interest consider leaving the eurozone temporarily to depreciate their currencies .
But these countries ' real economies would benefit from a furlough from the eurozone .
It is time to face the fact that Europe 's peripheral countries have to shrink their nominal GDP to regain competitiveness . The only question is whether they will take the euro down as well .
He accused entrepreneurs who outsource production to low-wage countries of showing excessive greed and lack of social responsibility , and he compared the managers of international equity funds to a plague of locusts that occupy companies , exploit them , and move on after their destructive work is done .
The signs of the fading miracle became visible when Japanese competitors and other Asian Tigers succeeded in wiping out substantial parts of Germany 's labor-intensive textile , optical products , and precision engineering industries .
Only after the Iron Curtain 's fall and the establishment of market economies in ex-communist countries did the lack of competitiveness of German workers become apparent .
Wage costs in the ten new EU member countries are still only one-seventh their level in western Germany ; wage costs in Rumania and Bulgaria are one-tenth .
The share of net investment in GNP is now the second lowest in all OECD countries .
However , the Bundesbank has entered a new regime in which it will have to borrow extensively from the private banking sector to absorb the flight money from the crisis countries .
But Germany is gradually becoming a bazaar economy in a different sense , because nowadays it specializes in packaging and selling its products , while outsourcing an ever-larger share of its high value-added manufacturing to low-wage countries .
But even western Germany holds the second-lowest rank of all developed countries .
The automobile and electrical engineering industries have been at the forefront of the bazaar economy .
Most countries have already changed their immigration laws , or have promised to do so before the deadline .
True , some of the old EU countries have opted for a prohibition of labor migration during a transition period that is initially set at two years and may be extended to April 2011 .
Today , average nominal wages in the eight post-communist EU countries are about one-fifth of the West European level and often only a quarter to a half of Western levels of social assistance .
Unfortunately , harmonization would probably apply to wage replacement payments , implying uniform minimum wage constraints for EU countries .
Third , for many countries , the 25-year-old debt crisis is finally over , allowing much higher investment in health , education , and infrastructure .
These three trends overlap in a group of about 15 African countries that are strongly committed to accountable governance and sensible economic policies .
These countries are putting more kids in school , vigorously fighting diseases , and creating new economic opportunities for the poor .
The dual challenges are to sustain this progress in countries where it has started , and to initiate it in others .
While progress has been made , it appears several countries are falling behind on this pledge .
Second , it can focus new resources in critical areas such as education , malaria , agriculture , and infrastructure , and ensure that most funding goes to well-governed countries .
Third , it can complete the process of debt relief for countries that have not received it , and help protect poor countries from predatory commercial creditors .
As has been the case in some other countries , a return to conflict remains a threat if a clear peace dividend does not quickly materialize throughout the country .
We have met all of the conditions asked by the international community to start the debt relief process , but creditor countries have not yet agreed on the financing .
With the world expected to continue growing rapidly , there are excellent investment opportunities that will be funded only if capital continues to move into countries that can use it productively .
The good news is that some countries have large savings that they want to invest in other countries , and are not put off by short-run market gyrations .
But what exactly does this imply for how middle - and low-income countries today should set their capital-account policies amid the current flood ?
While this has become more difficult , countries can still choose -- at least to some degree -- how open they are to capital inflows .
But what determines the extent to which countries benefit from financial globalization ?
First , countries should be cautious about external financial liberalization when financial sector development and institutional quality are below key thresholds .
The first message will resonate with those who believe that a key lesson of the Asian crisis a decade ago is that countries opened themselves to certain types of flows -- especially foreign currency debt -- before they were ready .
The implication is that countries should first strengthen their domestic financial sectors and corporate governance , and only later open the capital account .
This is the case for countries with both relatively weak and strong fundamentals .
One conclusion , therefore , is for countries to be cautious about removing capital controls when they have not yet reached the relevant `` safety '' thresholds , but equally to stress the sizable net benefits for countries that exceed the thresholds .
The latter , in turn , provides strong incentives for countries to address institutional shortcomings so that they can reap the potential benefits of external financial liberalization .
Of more pressing immediate concern is the fact that capital is currently flowing to many countries regardless of whether they are ready to receive it .
We think that capital from these countries is increasingly flowing not so much `` uphill '' to developed countries -LRB- as it did over the past five years -RRB- , but rather `` around the hill '' to other emerging markets and poorer developing countries .
Having condemned the `` evil empire '' of communism , he helped bring the Cold War to an end . Only recently , George W Bush evicted North Korea from his `` axis of evil '' by removing that country from America 's list of countries that sponsor terrorism .
In Western countries , politicians and civil servants are expected to be relatively poor .
In such countries , there may be `` New Deals , '' but no revolutions .
The big countries with the highest political risk are Russia and China .
Floating exchange rates were supposed to prevent countries from manipulating their currencies , but , by accumulating large quantities of US treasury bills , East Asian countries , especially China , kept their exchange rates artificially low .
By returning most state-owned industries to private ownership , the Thatcher revolution killed off state socialism .
Many countries had `` failed '' states that could not provide even the minimum conditions of security and health .
This is the kind of civilizational choice that sovereign countries are entitled to make for themselves .
Globalization promises too much in terms of welfare gains , particularly to developing countries , to be abandoned .
Countries like Germany and Japan have done even better , despite the hugely disruptive effects of war .
It is likely that Keynes 's `` target '' of $ 66,000 will be achieved for most western countries by 2030 .
But the goal of global poverty reduction has imposed a burden of extra work on people in rich countries , both through the commitment to foreign aid and , more importantly , through globalization , which increases job insecurity and , particularly for the less skilled , holds down wages .
In the former communist countries , private crime was virtually non-existent , but state crime was rampant .
In most countries , if a bank in which I place my money goes bust , the government , not the bank , compensates me .
Moreover , many countries with integrated banking systems did not have to bail out any of their financial institutions .
It is countries like the US and Britain , with politically dominant financial sectors competing to take over financial leadership of the world , that suffered the heaviest losses .
For emerging market countries , where the surge in capital inflows has led to fears of inflation and asset price bubbles , a pragmatic approach using a combination of macroeconomic and prudential financial policies is available . ''
But fears of government default in rich countries could threaten the recovery by causing interest rates to rise and exchange rates to fall .
For developing countries , economic policy and bank regulation should be used together to stop inflation and asset bubbles . ''
Are they not exaggerated in today 's circumstances -LRB- except , possibly , in countries like Greece -RRB- ?
Countries are not genetically programmed like animals .
All the main countries are now committed to slashing their budget deficits .
Provided the surplus countries invest in the deficit countries , these imbalances pose no macroeconomic problem .
A system of foreign investment , pivoting on London , channeled the savings of rich -LRB- or surplus -RRB- countries to the poor -LRB- or deficit -RRB- countries .
The current system is superficially similar , but with one crucial difference : the flow of saving now goes from developing countries like China to rich countries like the US -- that is , from countries where capital is scarce to countries where it is abundant .
The result is that China and other East Asian countries own a large and growing stock of US Treasury bills .
But , because there were insufficient outlets for `` real '' investment in countries that already had all the capital they could use , cheap money proved to be a dysfunctional way of dealing with the problem of excess saving .
The recession reinforced the pattern of poor countries lending to rich ones .
A `` substitution account , '' housed at the IMF , would enable countries to convert their existing reserve holdings into SDRs .
The US House of Representatives has passed a bill that would allow duties to be imposed on imports from countries , like China , that manipulate their currencies for trade advantage .
As Asian countries try to keep capital out , the West moves towards protectionism .
But all countries can not simultaneously run trade surpluses .
While the two main currencies of the day were slugging it out , France headed a European `` gold bloc '' of countries whose currencies became increasingly overvalued against both , until the bloc collapsed in 1936 .
Capitalism may be close to exhausting its potential to create a better life -- at least in the world 's rich countries .
This amounts to saying that even though rich countries -LRB- or regions -RRB- no longer need the benefits of free trade , they must continue to suffer its costs .
The dishonoring of greed is likely only in those countries whose citizens already have more than they need .
Journalists who claim otherwise are not a representative sample , even in Western countries .
If all countries have the same values , traditional imperialism becomes obsolete .
That is why I am not at all sure that the street uprisings in Egypt , following those in Tunisia , and now spreading to other Muslim-majority countries , can be interpreted simply as traditional forms of protest against bad rulers .
With America , like deliberately engages with unlike , and tries to infuse it with some of its vigor .
In doing so , it was bound to affect interpretations of the old imperialism , which was now extolled for spreading economic progress , the rule of law , and science and technology to countries that would never have benefited from them otherwise .
From such a perspective , imperialism , old and new , has been a beneficent influence , because it has been the means of spreading these `` apps '' to the rest of the world , thereby enabling them to enjoy the fruits of progress hitherto confined to a few Western countries .
This issue is much more acute in developed than in developing countries , though interdependence makes it , to some extent , a common problem .
As countries become more prosperous , one would expect their growth rates to slow .
Many other European countries are adopting the second solution .
But the law has recently become more restrictive . `` Incitement to religious and racial hatred '' and `` incitement to hatred on the basis of sexual orientation '' are now illegal in most European countries , independent of any threat to public order .
To deny or minimize the Holocaust is a crime in 15 European countries and Israel .
Whereas in Muslim countries it is illegal to call the Armenian massacres of 1915-1917 `` genocide , '' in some Western countries it is illegal to say that they were not .
Some East European countries specifically prohibit the denial of communist `` genocides . ''
On this topic , there is no shortage of expert plans -- among them bond buy-backs , bond swaps , and the creation of Eurobonds , a European version of the `` Brady '' bonds issued by Latin American countries that defaulted in the 1980 's .
In their exhaustive historical review of financial crises , Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff write : `` Again and again , countries , banks , individuals , and firms take on excessive debt in good times without enough awareness of the risks that will follow when the inevitable recession hits . ''
So far , three countries -- Greece , Ireland , and Portugal -- have availed themselves of this facility .
This is true of a rather small group of rich countries -LRB- India is a partial exception -RRB- , mainly in western Europe and its overseas offshoots , since World War II .
The second claim is that these countries live in peace because they are democracies .
After 1968 , Western student protestors gradually entered their countries ' political and intellectual establishments .
Yet in Pakistan , the United States , and other countries where lawyers have helped to lead fights for human rights and the rule of law , lofty ideals cloak an equally important set of interests .
At the moment , the Financial Stability Board , whose members include the G-20 countries , mainly pursues initiatives in this field .
A strengthening of the IMF was agreed after the Asian crisis in the 1990 's , and the G-7 summit in Cologne in 1999 mandated the Fund to play a strong surveillance role to ensure greater transparency and encourage early adjustment by countries with unsustainable balance-of-payments positions .
Moreover , the IMF has not succeeded in convincing countries to pursue macroeconomic policies consistent with sustainable current-account positions .
The accumulation of large surpluses , especially in emerging Asian economies and oil-exporting countries , enabled the US to finance its current-account deficit .
Emerging economies , following the advanced countries , also attached less importance to Fund surveillance , especially as their accumulation of external assets made them less dependent on IMF financing and advice .
In recent months , the Fund played an important role in resolving the crisis , in particular by assessing the gravity of the situation and providing countries with external finance .
There seems to be a sense of denial in several countries that large external imbalances were a cause of the crisis .
These imbalances ultimately reflected the accumulation of excessive international liquidity by countries like the US , stemming from excessive savings by countries like China .
Enhancing the role of its Special Drawing Rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- , or supplementing the dollar with another world reserve currency , would help facilitate the financing needs of both deficit and surplus countries .
For deficit countries , borrowing from international institutions outside the markets would be easier , giving the issuer of such currency some form of international lender-of-last-resort function .
For surplus countries that want to accumulate reserves , it would reduce exchange-rate risk .
An essential element of such a mechanism is to give the IMF a prominent role in two areas : strong and effective surveillance in order to prevent crises , and responsible lending to countries in need , but with appropriate limits and conditionality .
On the contrary , European countries continue to forge bilateral deals with Russia , with little consideration for common EU interests .
Since the Kremlin interrupted energy supplies to the Baltic states in 1990 in a futile attempt to stifle their independence movements , it has continued to use pipeline politics against countries such as Poland , Latvia , and Lithuania -- all new EU members .
Similar tensions exist in some West European countries -LRB- Belgium , Spain , Italy -RRB- as well .
But the difference in treatment of the current candidate countries does not just reflect budgetary problems .
The sense of solidarity between the candidate countries and current EU members is further weakened by the problem of external security . The accession states only recently regained their independence , and so retain a feeling of uncertainty as to their security .
Ten years ago , Wolfgang Schäuble and Karl Lamers suggested the formation of a `` core Europe , '' a group of countries that would speed up integration among themselves .
Iraq 's mayhem has hardened the antagonism of countries like France and Germany , which led the opposition to the war in the first place .
Even countries that rallied to Bush 's call for help , like my homeland , Poland , are now wary of their involvement .
Actually , Germany , like most European countries , is politically and logistically unable to send meaningful military forces to Iraq .
Both countries firmly believe that military success in Iraq is impossible .
Such a rejection would not only put transatlantic relations even more at risk than they are today ; it would also put relations between European countries in peril .
It has been one of the countries most hostile toward Israel , mainly through its support of Hamas , Iran , and Hezbollah .
In recent years , with countries such as China , India , and Brazil taking their rightful place on the international scene , the G-7 has given way to the G-20 .
In the United States , there has been no energy debate at the federal level for a long time ; the European Union is in the eye of a financial hurricane ; and the emerging countries want to maintain rapid economic growth in order to lift millions out of poverty .
But energy is fundamental for humanity , not only because of its potentially negative externalities , but also given its economic relevance : Western countries spend 8-10 % of their GDP on energy , and developing countries spend double or triple that amount .
Few countries have a neutral energy balance .
The International Energy Agency admits only OECD countries , which excludes China , the largest energy consumer .
Moreover , non-Western countries -- which include big consumers like China and India , and the largest producers -LRB- the Gulf states and Russia -RRB- -- do n't trust the institutional system created mainly by the West .
The emerging countries rightly argue that the West is responsible for today 's climate-change problem .
From the Industrial Revolution until very recently , the West 's development was free of any environmental restrictions , and the emerging countries believe that they should not have to bear the adjustment cost .
Likewise , producing countries oppose giving up one of the few bases of power they have .
Limiting emissions would impose costs disproportionately on oil-exporting countries , and on consumers in emerging countries , where technology is less sophisticated .
At the UNFCCC 's meeting in Durban , all countries -- developed , emerging , with or without natural resources -- must join together to ensure that when the other crises currently roiling the world are finally resolved , the biggest crisis of all does not catch us off guard .
Later that very day , a joint operation resulted in simultaneous arrests in five European countries .
Generally , counter-terrorism is very high on our international agenda and is becoming better integrated into the Union 's political dialogue with other countries .
They come from EU member states and non-EU countries that also take part in our operations , including Norway , Switzerland , Ukraine , Turkey and the United States .
The G-20 summit in Washington in 2008 was the first at which the member countries ' chiefs of state met since the group 's creation in 1997 .
The voices of countries such as China , India , and Brazil had to be heard if a coordinated response to the crisis was to be found .
This recognition raised expectations for the G-20 and granted it the prestige that it deserved : it is the only forum in which world powers and emerging countries sit as equals at the same table .
The premise is clear : as the crisis made more evident than ever , the interdependence of countries is inescapable .
The US , the EU , and Japan are in favor , while emerging countries , as well as Canada and Australia , are opposed .
The G-20 's role should increase further in importance , owing to emerging countries ' share of global GDP -- projected to reach 60 % in 2030 -- and to the global nature of the challenges of the twenty-first century .
Meanwhile , the emerging powers continue to lean toward bilateralism and are aligning themselves with other countries .
With countries headed toward growth at different speeds , global strategy must continue to be a priority .
The degree of interdependence among countries is increasing , and the global nature of our problems is inherent .
Within the framework of multilateralism , countries must make the effort to smooth over their differences and deepen their relations : we must conquer the inertia that moves us towards old thinking -- and old alliances .
This initiative has the firm political backing of both countries ' leaders , and expresses a clear determination to unite against common threats .
In 1998 , the Saint Malo Declaration by French President Jacques Chirac and British Prime Minister Tony Blair indicated both countries ' determination to reinforce the EU 's security and defense capabilities .
Reinforcing both countries ' military capacities indirectly reinforces those of the EU .
But if France and the UK understand how much their projection of power is linked to that of Europe , if they make cooperation reciprocal and expand it to other European countries -- according to the formula foreseen in the treaties -- we could eventually see an EU with the ability to assume the defense role expected of it by the global community .
The large number of EU countries in the G-20 serves little purpose in the absence of systematic coordination of member states and Commission positions .
Additionally , there have been attempts to create new posts , develop labor-intensive industries and small and medium sized firms , promote the private sector , and encourage service jobs , plus offering occupational training : the government allocated an additional 4.7 billion yuan expressly for job creation in 2004 .
The Greening of Work MONACO -- When environment ministers from some 100 countries meet here on February 20-22 for UNEP 's Governing Council and Environmental Forum , talks will focus on environmentally friendly `` green growth '' and ways and means by which the world can achieve a low-carbon economy .
· A study prepared for the German Ministry of Environment estimates that employment in the German environmental technology industries will surpass employment in the automobile industry by 2020 .
The Bali conference last year agreed to include avoided deforestation in tropical countries into a new climate regime , which could generate new employment opportunities in sustainable management , conservation , and tourism .
Several countries , including Costa Rica , Norway , and New Zealand , have pledged carbon neutrality , which in turn will require investment and employment in carbon-friendly sectors .
But Microsoft 's ambiguous -- at best -- behavior is part of a pattern . Indeed , the record of Internet companies in authoritarian countries is both consistent and grim .
This universal child benefit was introduced nearly everywhere in Western Europe to encourage childbearing in countries deeply damaged by World War II .
This explains why French governments of both right and left tend to support despotism in countries where it seems `` natural . ''
Despots in Arab countries , China , and Russia do not shock the French .
Indeed , no French president would ever think of exporting democracy . As former President Jacques Chirac said : to impose democracy in Arab countries means that you despise their cultural differences .
Most public-sector industries have been near bankruptcy until saved by competition and privatization .
In countries where they hold power , such as Spain , they are now very unpopular .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy tries to rekindle growth through the protectionist defense of `` national industries '' and huge investments in public infrastructure , so what more can Socialists ask for ?
In all these countries , prosecutors and magistrates hurl accusations of corruption against governments and ruling parties -- charges that also happen to suit the political and institutional interests of the magistrates .
When one looks closely at the careers of judges in the above-mentioned countries , the law can vary , but cooptation is the usual rule of the game : a successful judge or prosecutor , in order to climb the professional ladder , must follow the guidance of his peers and increase the influence of his corporation .
As American and British troops prepare to invade Iraq , public opinion in these countries does not support war without UN authorization . The rest of the world is overwhelmingly opposed to war .
I suggest that Instead of a traditional IMF package , the central banks of the developed countries should open their discount windows for Brazilian government debt .
The international financial system is broken down in the sense that it fails to provide adequate capital to countries that need it most and qualify for it .
Indeed , since 1997 , there has been a reverse flow of capital from countries on the poor periphery of the world economy to those in the wealthy center .
Rich countries , led by the US , are in charge .
When these countries get into trouble , their authorities intervene forcefully .
Countries that can not borrow in international markets in their own currency lack that power .
They must turn to the IMF , and the IMF is more concerned with international financial stability than with enabling developing countries to pursue the countercyclical policies needed to avoid recession .
Until recently , IMF rescue programs were designed to enable debtor countries to meet their obligations .
Taxpayers in debtor countries , such as Mexico , picked up the tab .
There is nothing wrong with imposing market discipline on countries that follow unsound policies , but the risk-reward ratio for lending and investing has shifted too far against the periphery .
Countries that qualify ought to have access to a lender of last resort and be empowered to pursue countercyclical policies .
Addressing the broader , system-wide problem , we must find ways to stimulate domestic-led growth in the periphery countries .
Countries that follow sound macroeconomic policies do not derive sufficient economic benefits from doing so .
To this end , I proposed an annual issue of Special Drawing Rights -LRB- SDR -RRB- that rich countries would donate for international assistance .
It would also reduce the increasing inequality between rich and poor countries .
Too often in the countries of Central and Eastern Europe , Roma teens and children spend their days at the garbage dump .
A similar picture , though on a smaller scale , exists in many European Union member countries that are home to Roma minorities .
Even in the more prosperous countries of Central and Eastern Europe , Roma poverty is strikingly high -- sometimes more than ten times that of non-Roma .
While accession countries such as Hungary , the Czech Republic , and Slovakia have made impressive progress in economic and political transformation during the 1990 's , dealing with the plight of the Roma remains one of the most critical issues on their path to EU membership next year and over the next decade .
An estimated 600,000 Roma children of primary school age living in the EU accession countries are not attending school at all .
At the end of this month , many of these young people will join us in Budapest , along with Prime Ministers and other senior officials from Central and Eastern European countries and EU member states .
Many developing countries that are rich in natural resources are even poorer than other countries that are less well endowed .
Many countries with significant mineral deposits or valuable cash crops are in the grip of repressive or corrupt regimes or torn apart by armed conflict .
British Prime Minister Tony Blair announced an Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative -LRB- EITI -RRB- at the World Summit on Sustainable Development in Johannesburg last September .
A few producing countries volunteered to be pilot cases in which the government and all the companies involved would disclose revenues and their use according to templates designed by the UK team .
The volunteers were East Timor , Ghana , Mozambique , and Sierra Leone , with other important resource-rich countries indicating that they may follow .
It is civil society that has moved the process this far , and it must become even more deeply engaged , particularly in the producing countries , to maintain the forward momentum and ensure that the movement succeeds in lifting the resource curse once and for all .
According to the European security document adopted in 2003 , `` It is in the interest of the European Union to promote a ring of well-governed countries on its borders with whom it can enjoy close and cooperative relations . ''
The most powerful tool that the EU has for influencing political and economic developments in neighboring countries is the prospect of membership .
Unfortunately , the problems created by the current enlargement make it unrealistic to hold out membership to additional countries beyond the ones now under consideration - Bulgaria , Romania , Turkey , and possibly the Balkan countries .
The defining characteristic of the countries on the Eastern and Southern borders of Europe is that they lack many attributes needed for membership .
The EU began with the right idea in the Balkans : to bring those countries closer to each other by bringing them closer to the Union .
Foreign ministries translated that idea into the Stability Pact , but finance ministers refused to finance it , so the pact remained an empty shell .
The EU must promote democratic development in neighboring countries without expecting or demanding reciprocal concessions .
It should , however , expect and demand progress and tailor its assistance to the performance of the countries concerned .
This means that EU policy must be tailor-made for individual countries .
It would be desirable to set up joint working groups with the countries concerned to establish , monitor , and adjust individual action plans .
I am personally involved in the neighboring countries to the East , so I shall confine my remarks to that region .
I established Open Society Foundations in all the countries of the former Soviet Union .
It ought to be possible to persuade governments in those countries to curb such behavior by holding out the prospect of substantial rewards .
Today , no single country or combination of countries can stand up to American military might .
We should have provided protection not only for the oil ministry , but also other ministries , museums , and hospitals .
North Korea , Iran , Pakistan , and other countries pursue nuclear programs with renewed vigor .
This impugned America 's motives and deprived the US of whatever moral authority the country once had to intervene in other countries ' domestic affairs .
The work has been carried out through foundations operating on the ground and led by citizens who understand the limits of the possible in their countries .
The conference should follow up on a resolution by the European Parliament to consider whether Afghanistan should become one of the countries licensed to produce opium for medical purposes .
The prospect of membership has been the most powerful tool in turning candidate countries into open societies .
There is also trouble brewing in some of the newly admitted member countries , such as Hungary and Poland , where the EU could play a more proactive role in promoting democratic stability .
Although a recession in the developed world is now more or less inevitable , China , India , and some of the oil-producing countries are in a very strong countertrend .
As a result , the current financial crisis is less likely to cause a global recession than a radical realignment of the global economy , with a relative decline of the US and the rise of China and other developing countries .
As euro-zone banks sought the protection of their home countries by repatriating their capital , East European currencies and bond markets came under pressure , their economies sagged and households ' ability to service their debts diminished .
Without it , some members of the euro zone might have found themselves in the same difficulties as Eastern European countries .
Properly structured , it would relieve Germany 's anxiety about other countries picking its pocket .
Unless it introduces practical measures to support the countries at the periphery of the global financial system , global markets will suffer another round of decline , just as they did after United States Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner 's failure in February to produce practical measures to recapitalize America 's banking system .
This step was necessary , but it produced unintended adverse consequences : many other countries , from Eastern Europe to Latin America , Africa , and Southeast Asia , could not offer similarly convincing guarantees .
The International Financial Institutions -LRB- IFIs -RRB- are now faced with a novel task : to protect the periphery countries from a storm that emanated from the center .
Countries on the periphery tend to be poorer and more dependent on commodities than the more developed world , and they must repay more than $ 1.4 trillion in bank loans in 2009 alone . These loans can not be rolled over without international assistance .
Instead of setting a universal target of 2 % of GDP for stimulus packages , it is enough to agree that the periphery countries need international assistance to protect their financial systems and engage in countercyclical policies .
If the periphery economies are allowed to collapse , developed countries will also be hurt .
This will be sufficient to enable the IMF to come to the aid of specific countries in trouble , but it will not provide a systemic solution without conditionality .
Countries that are in a position to create their own money do not need them , but the periphery countries do .
Rich countries should therefore lend their allocations to the countries in need .
This would not create a budget deficit for rich countries .
Recipient countries would have to pay the IMF a very low interest rate : the composite average treasury bill rate of all convertible currencies .
A mechanism that allows rich countries that do n't need additional reserves to transfer their allocations to those that do is readily available , using the IMF 's gold reserves .
That process needs to be initiated by the US , but China and other developing countries ought to participate as equals .
They are reluctant members of the Bretton Woods institutions , which are dominated by countries that are no longer dominant .
We used to be reassured by the generalization that democratic countries seek peace .
That is when the crisis spread to the periphery of the world economy , because countries on the periphery could not provide equally credible guarantees .
Countries at the center used their central banks ' strong balance sheets to pump money into the system and to guarantee the liabilities of commercial banks , while governments engaged in deficit financing to stimulate the economy on an unprecedented scale .
Individual countries found it difficult to offer resistance .
British regulators will never again rely on the Icelandic authorities , and Eastern European countries will be reluctant to remain dependent on foreign-owned banks .
Businesses would move to countries where the regulatory climate is the most benign , exposing other countries to risks that they can not afford to run .
Globalization was successful because it forced countries to remove regulations ; but the process does not work in reverse .
It will be difficult to get countries to agree on uniform regulations .
Different countries have different interests , which drive them towards different solutions .
Financing the Fight against Climate Change COPENHAGEN -- It is now generally agreed that the developed countries will have to make a substantial financial contribution to enable the developing world to deal with climate change .
The developed countries are reluctant to make additional financial commitments .
Developed countries ' governments are laboring under the misapprehension that funding must come from their national budgets .
These SDRs will sit largely untouched in the reserve accounts of these countries , which do n't really need any additional reserves .
I propose that the developed countries -- in addition to establishing a fast-start fund of $ 10 billion a year -- band together and lend $ 100 billion dollars worth of these SDRs for 25 years to a special green fund serving the developing world .
The United Kingdom and France each recently lent $ 2 billion worth of SDRs to a special fund at the IMF to support concessionary lending to the poorest countries . At that point , the IMF assumed responsibility for the principal and interest on the SDRs .
I further propose that member countries agree to use the IMF 's gold reserves to guarantee the interest payments and repayment of the principal .
It has already been designated to be used for the benefit of the least developed countries .
This means that the developed countries that lend the SDRs would incur no interest expense and no responsibility for repayment . There are some serious technical problems involved in offsetting the interest income against the interest expense , particularly in the United States , but the net effect would be a wash .
Second , the projects will earn a return only if developed countries cooperate in setting up the right type of carbon markets .
For all these reasons , the developing countries ought to embrace my proposal . The key point is that it is possible to increase substantially the amount available to fight global warming in the developing world by using the existing allocations of SDRs , with interest payments on them guaranteed by the IMF 's gold reserves .
All that is lacking is the political will . The mere fact that tapping SDRs requires Congressional approval in the US ensures that nothing will happen without public pressure -- including pressure from the developing countries .
Spanish Leadership for Europe 's Roma NEW YORK -- Continued discrimination against Roma in Europe not only violates human dignity , but is a major social problem crippling thedevelopment of Eastern European countries with large Roma populations .
Spain , which has been more successful in dealing with its Roma problem than other countries , can take the lead this month as it assumes the European Union presidency .
During the communist era , Roma received jobs and housing . But the heavy industries in which many were employed have now closed , and unemployment is widespread .
Statistics are similar for neighboring countries . Unless the Roma are well educated and socially integrated -- in stark contrast to today 's reality -- these countries ' economic future is bleak .
It also provided invaluable support to member countries ' public education systems to strengthen Roma inclusion .
If member countries can not take the next steps forward , the euro may fall apart , with adverse consequences for the EU .
The banks were happy to earn a few extra pennies on supposedly risk-free assets and loaded up their balance sheets with the weaker countries ' government debt .
Capital fled from the countries that were not in a position to offer similar guarantees , but interest-rate differentials within the eurozone remained minimal .
That was when countries in Eastern Europe , notably Hungary and the Baltic States , got into trouble and had to be rescued .
France and other countries were willing to show solidarity , but Germany , traumatized twice in the twentieth century by runaway prices , was allergic to any buildup of inflationary pressures .
The Greek crisis festered and spread to other deficit countries .
Even if the budget targets could be met , it is difficult to see how these countries could regain competitiveness and revive growth .
The German public is unlikely to recognize the harm German policies are doing to the rest of Europe because , the way the euro works , deflation will serve to make Germany more competitive on world markets , while pushing the weaker countries further into depression and increasing the burden of their debt .
By contrast , the French government is right to call for measures to improve employment and development opportunities for Roma in their countries of origin -LRB- primarily Bulgaria and Romania in this case -RRB- , which would reduce the incentives and pressure for them to move to other countries .
This secret of China 's success gives the country the upper hand in its dealings with other countries , because the government has discretion over the use of the surplus .
Countries such as Japan , South Korea , and Brazil are intervening unilaterally in currency markets .
This caused interest-rate differentials between various countries to shrink , which generated real-estate booms in the weaker economies and reduced their competitiveness .
That is how the divergences emerged . Yet the banks continued to load up on the government bonds of the weaker countries in order to benefit from the minuscule interest-rate differentials that still remained .
Second , high interest rates charged on rescue packages make it impossible for weaker countries to improve their competitiveness vis-à-vis stronger ones .
Divergences will continue to widen , and weaker countries will continue to weaken indefinitely .
The former would be a more efficient use of funds than the latter . Properly capitalizing the banking system would leave countries with smaller deficits , enabling them to regain access to capital markets sooner .
These two structural changes may not be sufficient to provide the eurozone countries in need of rescue an escape route from their predicament .
For example , formerly communist countries earned emission credits at zero cost on the heavy industries that they had to shut down and reaped windfall profits by selling them .
Currently , the dispute revolves around how governments will deliver $ 100 billion annually by 2020 to help developing countries confront climate change , given that even the $ 10 billion Fast Track Fund can not be cobbled together without using smoke and mirrors .
Individual countries like Germany are making binding unilateral commitments that are not conditional on what other countries do , and `` coalitions of the willing '' are being formed to tackle particular sectors .
These efforts can serve as a prototype for assisting other countries such as Guyana , where the current forest-preservation scheme does not work so well .
Eventually , it should lead to the establishment of a global fund for rain forests and agricultural adaptation because the benefits of carbon abatement accrue to mankind as a whole , not to individual countries .
But domestic politics in both countries stand in the way .
China would prefer to improve the trade balance through removal of trade barriers rather than exchange-rate adjustment , because it is reluctant to put additional strain on its export industries and eager to gain access to American technology .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton countered that America also has `` interests '' in this area , bringing the two countries to loggerheads over a vast and critically important maritime region in Asia .
The deterioration in US-China relations is particularly troubling because it takes place against a background of global imbalances and serious internal political divisions , which drive both countries to take intransigent positions .
But macroeconomic policy is not the only area that would benefit from better understanding between the two countries .
Germany blames the crisis on the countries that have lost competitiveness and run up their debts .
Consequently , Germany places all the burden of adjustment on debtor countries .
The European Central Bank treated all member countries ' sovereign debt as essentially riskless , and accepted their government bonds at its discount window on equal terms .
This induced banks that were obliged to hold riskless assets in order to meet their liquidity requirements to earn a few extra basis points by loading up on the weaker countries ' sovereign debt .
This lowered interest rates in the so-called PIIGS countries -LRB- Portugal , Ireland , Italy , Greece , and Spain -RRB- and inflated housing bubbles just as reunification costs were forcing Germany to tighten its belt .
In fact , Germany has been bailing out the heavily indebted countries as a way of protecting its own banking system .
Thus , because the arrangements imposed by Germany protect the banking system by treating outstanding sovereign debt as sacrosanct , debtor countries must bear the entire burden of adjustment .
This is reminiscent of the international banking crisis of 1982 , when the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund lent debtor countries enough money to service their debts until banks could build up sufficient reserves to exchange their bad debts for Brady Bonds in 1989 .
Indeed , the current arrangements penalize debtor countries even more than in the 1980 's , because they will have to pay hefty risk premiums after 2013 .
Moreover , the competitiveness requirements demanded by Germany will be imposed on an uneven playing field , putting deficit countries in an untenable position , one that might even drag down Spain , which entered the euro crisis with a lower debt ratio than Germany .
As a result , the European Union will suffer something worse than a lost decade ; it will endure a chronic divergence in which the surplus countries forge ahead and the deficit countries are dragged down by their accumulated debt burden .
Second , to create an even playing field , the risk premium on the borrowing costs of countries that abide by the rules will have to be removed .
Individual countries would then have to issue their own bonds with collective-action clauses , paying the risk premium only on amounts that exceed the public-debt limit -LRB- 60 % of GDP -RRB- set by the Maastricht criteria .
Otherwise , deficit countries will have no reason to hope that they can escape their predicament no matter how hard they work .
NEW YORK -- The campaign to ensure that companies engaged in extractive activities disclose all of their payments in their host countries is gaining momentum -- and France is leading the effort .
Moreover , these industries often play a central role in the economic development of resource-rich countries .
Yet , despite great natural wealth , a majority of people in these countries lives in poverty .
In reality , in far too many countries , ordinary citizens do not benefit from any of this money ; in fact , they must bear the brunt of the environmental and social costs imposed by mining and drilling operations .
In these countries , many of which are rich in oil and gas , citizens are staging protests against corruption and political repression .
At bottom , they are protesting against the mismanagement of their countries ' wealth and resources -- with implications that affect the security and affordability of the entire world 's energy supplies .
Regulators must also stipulate that company reports be made available on a regular , timely basis , and that they are easily accessible and comparable across countries and other extractive companies .
Now the world must look to the G-20 summit in Cannes this November to make an unequivocal commitment to the reporting requirements needed , given that important emerging economies such as Brazil , India , and China , as well as South Africa and other resource-rich African countries , will be at the table .
The importance of financial transparency in the extractive industries is not limited to one country or era -- and it is too important to be left to voluntary efforts alone .
But the excesses were mainly in the private sector , as interest-rate convergence generated economic divergence : lower interest rates in the weaker countries fueled housing bubbles , while the strongest country , Germany , had to tighten its belt in order to cope with the burden of reunification .
Risk premiums widened , and the eurozone was divided into creditor and debtor countries .
This created a two-speed Europe , with debtor countries sinking under the weight of their liabilities , and surplus countries forging ahead .
As the largest creditor , Germany could dictate the terms of assistance , which were punitive and pushed debtor countries towards insolvency .
And , as heavily indebted countries are pushed towards insolvency , nationalist political parties -- for example , Finland 's True Finns -- have grown stronger , alongside more established counterparts elsewhere in Europe .
But time is working against them : two-speed Europe is driving member countries further apart .
In the meantime , liquidity provision by the European Central Bank is the only way to prevent a collapse in the price of bonds issued by several European countries .
Perhaps most worryingly , Europe finally recognized the principle -- long followed by the IMF -- that countries in bailout programs should not be penalized on interest rates , but the same principle was not extended to countries that are not yet in bailout programs .
In short , Germany and the other countries with AAA bond ratings must agree to a eurobond regime of one kind or another . Otherwise , the euro will break down .
If a euro deposited in a Greek bank would be lost through default and defection , a euro deposited in an Italian bank would immediately be worth less than one in a German or Dutch bank , resulting in a run on the deficit countries ' banks .
Moreover , some banks in the defaulting countries would have to be kept functioning in order to prevent economic collapse .
Finally , government bonds issued by the eurozone 's other deficit countries would have to be protected from contagion .
Preparing for the possible default or defection of three small countries from the euro does not mean that those countries would necessarily be abandoned .
On the contrary , the possibility of an orderly default -- financed by the other eurozone countries and the International Monetary Fund -- would offer Greece and Portugal policy choices .
Moreover , it would end the vicious cycle -- now threatening all of the eurozone 's deficit countries -- whereby austerity weakens their growth prospects , leading investors to demand prohibitively high interest rates and thus forcing their governments to cut spending further .
Leaving the eurozone would make it easier for the most distressed countries to regain competitiveness .
But , if they are willing to make the necessary sacrifices , they could also remain : the EFSF would protect their domestic bank deposits , and the IMF would help to recapitalize their banking systems , which would help these countries escape from their current trap .
Either way , it is not in the European Union 's interest to allow these countries to collapse and drag down the entire global banking system with them .
The EU 's member countries , and not only those in the eurozone , must accept that a new treaty is needed to save the euro .
LONDON -- Earlier this week , a group of almost 100 prominent Europeans delivered an open letter to the leaders of all 17 eurozone countries .
In countries at the center of the world economy , these institutions are now mature enough to avert financial dislocations comparable to those of the 1930s .
Indeed , the crisis of 1997-99 can be at least in part attributed to the premature opening up of the capital markets of developing countries before their financial institutions were equal to the task .
There is a widely held view that IMF rescue packages have actually contributed to the crisis by creating what economists speak of as `` moral hazard '' -- the expectation by market participants that the IMF could be counted on to rescue countries in trouble , and thus to bail out investors who provided credits to them .
It puts domestic companies in periphery countries at an inherent disadvantage vis-à-vis multinational corporations .
Clearly it is not enough to eliminate moral hazard in global finance ; new incentives need to be introduced to create a more level playing field and encourage the flow of capital to periphery countries .
The general principles are obvious : There ought to be a better balance between crisis prevention and intervention and a better balance between offering incentives to countries to follow sound policies and penalizing those which do not .
The two objectives are connected : It is only by offering incentives that the IMF can exert stronger influence on the economic policies of individual countries prior to a country turning to the IMF in a crisis situation .
? The IMF should rate countries .
By contrast , for countries in the lowest grade , the IMF would make it clear in advance that it would not be willing to enter into a program without private sector burden-sharing . Caveat emptor : Let the buyer beware .
? The Federal Reserve , the European Central Bank , the Bank of England and the Bank of Japan could accept at their discount windows designated treasury bill issues of selected countries .
This privilege could be reserved for specific countries or particularly perilous situations .
These reforms would give the IMF and its members more effective tools to prevent international financial crises and reduce the economic disparity between countries at the center of the global system and those at the periphery .
But the economic dislocations of the last decade , coupled with the lack of adequate social safety nets in less developed countries , have generated tremendous resentment against globalization .
Enforcement of agreed upon rules is also not appropriate for achieving social goals because many countries lack the resources to meet international standards .
Instead of imposing requirements , it would be much better to provide resources to enable poor countries to comply on a voluntary basis .
It is practically the only international institution to which countries willingly subordinate themselves .
The only exception is when an international agreement exists to which both countries have subscribed .
I propose to reverse this order of preference : countries should be allowed to enforce their higher national standards on imported as well as domestic goods , unless a WTO sponsored panel of experts finds that such domestic standards should be prohibited or simply are unnecessary .
Unlike under the present system , in which countries with low labor or environmental standards have no incentives to negotiate international agreements imposing higher standards , the new rule would redress the imbalance between trade and other values by providing inducements to reach appropriate international agreements .
A full solution for this problem , which requires new incentives to foster research into drugs needed by less developed countries , is beyond the capacity of the WTO .
The calculus is quite different for technologically advanced countries that profit from innovations -LRB- and press for their protection at and by the WTO -RRB- and less-developed countries that have to pay for them .
Less-developed countries have reason to be resentful about the present WTO position on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights -LRB- TRIPs -RRB- .
Countries often offer tax incentives and other subsidies to transnational corporations because they have to compete to attract foreign investment .
The WTO has made no attempt to address these issues and there are no WTO rules against activities of transnational corporations that are harmful to the countries in which they operate .
-LRB- Indeed , all war ministries have become `` defense ministries , '' leaving one to wonder against whom a country must be defended if there are no longer any attackers . -RRB-
The right of humanitarian intervention limits the sovereignty of all other countries .
Countries unwilling or unable to prevent terrorist violence emanating from their territory forfeit their right to territorial integrity , and others can declare war on them to pursue the problem at its root .
Although recovery in advanced countries remains fragile , developing countries appear to have weathered the storm .
Reasons for this remarkable resilience abound , and they offer guidance for advanced and developing countries alike .
As the crisis struck , capital flowed out of developing countries to shore up damaged balance sheets in advanced countries .
In sum , the crisis originated in a balance-sheet shock , to which exposure was simply lower in developing countries .
All developing countries witnessed a huge fall-off in trade -- much larger than the declines in income and output . Trade bounced back relatively quickly in the second half of 2009 , though this partly reflected the extraordinarily low base .
To be sure , developing countries differed -- often markedly -- in their capacity for fiscal stimulus to counter the loss of external demand .
Moreover , because dependence on foreign finance creates clear vulnerabilities , developing countries will seek to fund investment mainly from domestic savings , thereby limiting the size of their current-account deficits .
So , while a strong likelihood of diminished growth in advanced countries for an extended period means that an outward-oriented strategy may produce less-than-spectacular results for developing countries , alternative strategies are worse .
Larger developing countries must assume an expanded role in unwinding the protectionist measures that came with their expanded use of the public purse , and reestablish forward motion .
This is particularly important for poorer and smaller developing countries in which domestic consumption and investment is a poor substitute for global demand .
Those developing countries that maintain a stable macroeconomic environment , a countercyclical mindset , and steady progress on governance , education , and infrastructure will thrive .
Developing countries ' internal trade is expanding with their economic size , and the large ones are restoring growth rapidly .
Moreover , few would disagree that , as the complexity of the system increases , gaps and asymmetries in terms of information , knowledge , and expertise are multiplying .
Such asymmetries impair market performance in a variety of ways , and conflicts of interest are particularly dangerous in such an environment because they create an incentive to exploit precisely these advantages .
There are two other ways to address complexity and asymmetries .
One , widely adopted in developing countries , is simply to impose restrictions on products -LRB- for example , derivatives and hedge funds -RRB- on the grounds that the upside in terms of risk avoidance far outweigh the costs -- less access to capital and reduced risk spreading .
One is the `` perfect storm '' position : there were very many failures , misperceptions , informational asymmetries , and complexities , as well as much repugnant behavior , but it never occurred to market participants , regulators , or academics that the aggregate effect would be a near-collapse of the system .
No wonder , then , that the treaty 's strict limits were breached early in the euro 's first decade by core countries as well as peripheral ones .
Recent analysis by the International Monetary Fund suggests that as much as 80 % of the fiscal stimulus in advanced countries during the current crisis is non-discretionary .
The eurozone 's immediate challenge is declining fiscal stability in a subset of countries whose credit ratings are falling and debt-service costs rising .
The constraints for eurozone countries are similar to those of a state in America that gets into fiscal trouble .
MILAN -- Over the past two years , industrial countries have experienced bouts of severe financial instability .
High growth and financial stability in emerging economies are helping to facilitate the massive adjustment facing industrial countries .
In recent years , the systemically important countries have established an impressive track record of adapting pragmatically and flexibly . This is likely to continue .
This is better understood today , with distributional aspects of growth strategy being firmly placed on emerging countries ' policy agendas .
While emerging economies can deal with the economic slowdown in industrial countries , the financial-sector transmission mechanism is more challenging .
Overall , emerging economies are well placed to continue to navigate successfully a world rendered unstable by crises in industrial countries .
A favorable outcome also requires industrial countries ' ability and willingness to accommodate the growing size and prominence of emerging economies .
Yet this global construct comes under pressure in an environment in which advanced countries have stubbornly high unemployment and bouts of financial volatility .
Emerging economies will be called on to play an even larger role in a multi-speed global economy characterized by protracted rehabilitation of over-extended balance sheets in industrial countries .
Emerging economies ' ability to provide the growth lubrication that facilitates adjustment in industrial countries is also a function of the latter countries ' willingness to accommodate tectonic shifts in the operation and governance of the global economy .
The financial and economic crisis is morphing into a sovereign debt crisis in advanced countries .
The International Monetary Fund suggests that as much as 75 % of the `` fiscal stimulus '' in the advanced countries comprises non-discretionary counter-cyclical measures .
Left unattended , these problems can cause widespread damage in a wide range of countries , many of which are innocent bystanders .
The new IMF Flexible Credit Line performs this function for what amount to AAA-rated countries .
A program that meets the needs of the more vulnerable countries is under construction .
Having initially been shunned , it has assumed a key role in financing -- and , more importantly , implementing -- fiscal-stabilization programs for the European Union 's peripheral countries .
The global economy needs the surplus countries to sustain growth and reduce excess savings -- no easy task .
It also needs deficit countries -LRB- and the advanced countries more generally -RRB- to develop and enact credible growth strategies that involve structural change as well as fiscal stabilization .
The Mutual Assessment Process to which the G-20 countries have agreed is a crucial component of the rebalancing program , for it is where the pieces of a cooperative strategy for growth will be identified , evaluated , and assembled .
If it works , what will emerge will be commitments from G-20 countries to undertake policies that are globally beneficial -- on the condition that others are keeping their commitments .
The US may reduce its deficits faster than it would in the non-cooperative case , but only if surplus countries are working to reduce their excess savings .
The old hybrid -- in which advanced countries operated with floating exchange rates and open capital accounts , while developing countries managed the exchange rate via capital controls and reserve accumulation as part their growth strategies -- worked as long as emerging markets ' systemic effects were relatively small .
The distortions and distributional issues are set to become more pressing as the size and impact of the major emerging economies increases , owing to their return to rapid growth , and as the advanced countries experience an extended period of sluggish performance .
To accommodate the needs of the emerging economies , as well as the interests of advanced countries , a new system will be needed , in which exchange rates are managed but adjusted according to criteria that balance domestic growth and global stability .
Recent studies by the International Monetary Fund indicate that in most advanced countries , including the US , the growth in budget deficits was largely automatic , owing far more to declining tax revenues and rising expenditures on unemployment benefits than to stimulus spending .
Indeed , advanced countries , including the US , have dug themselves into a deep hole .
Growth and employment forecasts in the advanced countries have been reduced -- a delayed recognition of the reality of an extended and difficult recovery and a new post-crisis `` normal . ''
A minimal requirement for G-20 progress is that policies in emerging and advanced countries that have significant external effects are discussed and , if possible , agreed upon in advance .
The core issue is burden-sharing across bondholders , citizens of the deficit countries , the EU , and , indeed , the rest of the world -LRB- via the International Monetary Fund -RRB- .
They can sustain relatively high growth rates in the face of weak and lengthy recoveries in the advanced countries , but not if there is a major downturn in North America or Europe -LRB- or both -RRB- , a serious outbreak of protectionism , or instability in global financial markets .
The major emerging economies also have growing systemic effects on growth and employment across a broad range of countries , including the advanced ones .
The old asymmetries are fading away , and there are new distributional challenges at the core of global economy-policy coordination .
For most of the postwar period , advanced countries grew by expanding the knowledge and technology base of their economies .
It came out that way because , for most of the period , the advanced countries benefited from market-driven innovation , while the emerging economies imported knowledge , exported goods and services , and had limited systemic impact on advanced economies .
Surveys of attitudes toward the evolving global economic system show a widening divergence among countries as well as subgroups within countries .
Thus , for the emerging economies , advanced countries downside risks and the spillover effects of their recovery policies are the key areas of concern .
In several advanced countries , including the US , growth and employment prospects are starting to diverge widely , endangering social cohesion and economic openness .
This situation is largely the result of predictable post-crisis economic dynamics , as firms and households in advanced countries repair their balance sheets .
In Europe , that means agreeing on burden-sharing for re-capitalizing countries where deficits and debt have cut off market access or led to prohibitively high borrowing costs . Restructuring damages the euro , and fiscal consolidation in the distressed countries , while necessary , is probably not sufficient .
That leaves Europe 's stronger countries , particularly Germany , with the residual liability .
In the United States , the financial sector is undergoing a high-speed but permanent structural transformation , the effects of which could be severe for developing countries ' economic growth .
Indeed , these countries are already experiencing large relative price increases for food and oil , a food emergency for the poor , and higher rates of inflation induced by commodity price shifts .
While rapid growth in developing countries has been an important factor in the rising commodity prices , much of this is beyond their control .
For the past two years , my colleagues and I on the Growth Commission have sought to learn how 13 developing countries managed to record growth rates averaging 7 % or more for 25 years or longer .
In The Growth Report , published in May , we tried to understand why most developing countries fell far short of this achievement , and explored how they might emulate the fast growers .
Economies can learn faster than they can invent , so less developed countries can achieve much faster growth than was experienced by today 's industrialized countries when they were becoming wealthy .
Because of the importance of the global economy , the destiny of developing countries is not entirely in the hands of their leaders , workforces , and entrepreneurs .
Absent the willingness of large developing countries to run trade surpluses and high savings rates relative to investment , the asset bubble in the US -- leading to a rise in domestic consumption and a fall in the savings rate -- would have triggered inflation and higher interest rates .
Finally , both the interdependence and global risk that are evident in this crisis will and probably should cause countries to adopt policies with respect to financial structures that provide for some insulation from external shocks , even if such policies impose a cost .
In the interim , the mismatch creates risks for everyone , including developing countries .
Influential developing countries share a joint responsibility with the G-8 for the stability of the global financial and economic systems .
In parallel , colonialism collapsed , and we are now slightly more than halfway through a century-long process of modernization for the many developing countries that emerged .
Supply chains also dispersed geographically , with lower value-added components and processes allocated to low-income countries .
In consumer electronics , for example , low-income countries became a natural location for labor-intensive assembly processes .
But semi-conductors , circuit boards , and other components were designed and manufactured in high middle-income countries like Korea .
Although the shifting structure of the global economy is best described as a journey taken only once , growth in developing countries does exhibit repeating patterns .
Helped by massive public investment in infrastructure and logistical capabilities , some of this work will move inland , where incomes are lower . Eventually , however , labor-intensive activities will move to countries at earlier stages of development , while China moves up the value chain , both in the export sector and , with rising incomes , in production for domestic consumption .
All of this structural change is part of a constantly shifting global economic landscape whose aggregate pattern is not perfectly predictable , in part because countries enter and engage with the global economy at different times and expand at different rates .
This brings their structure closer to that of the advanced countries , introducing greater competition in what was once the advanced countries ' sole territory -- the most sophisticated of value-added goods and services .
The aggregate size of the developing countries -LRB- especially the major emerging economies -RRB- , their rising incomes , and their ongoing movement up the value chain are having a growing impact on advanced-country economies , particularly these economies ' tradable sectors .
· Changing the economy 's growth model or supply side structure , as labor costs rise , global market shares become large enough to limit expansion , and advanced countries ' growth momentum slows for an unknown period of time ;
International experience suggests that the balance between planning and markets shifts toward markets as countries becomes richer .
Labor-intensive industries in the tradable sector must be allowed to decline .
Chinese officials ' reluctance to eliminate hukou quickly reflects their observation of the social consequences of rapid or unbalanced urbanization elsewhere , though problems caused by internal migration in other countries typically reflect the absence of opportunity in rural areas , not the attraction of opportunities in urban areas .
In all countries , these assets should be held in trust for citizens and deployed in pursuit of economic and social development .
Unlike most countries , China has not struggled to get public-sector investment up to levels that support sustained high growth .
For the countries of Asia -- especially its rising giants , China and India -- sustainable growth is no longer part of a global challenge . Instead , it has become a national growth-strategy issue .
Moreover , both countries know it .
As a result , these countries will have to invent new growth patterns to reach advanced-country levels of development .
But the incentive to ignore these issues is gone , independent of what other countries choose to do and whatever global agreements may be reached .
The legacy assets that one finds in advanced countries -- the way cities are configured , for example -- do n't have to be replaced to the same extent .
Emerging countries ' resilience will not extend to double-dip recessions in America and Europe : they can not offset sharp falls in advanced-country demand by themselves , notwithstanding their healthy public-sector balance sheets .
What the world is witnessing is a correlated growth slowdown across the advanced countries -LRB- with a few exceptions -RRB- , and across all of the systemically important parts of the global economy , possibly including the emerging economies .
Yields are in the 6-7 % range -LRB- generally viewed as a danger zone -RRB- for both countries .
But the declining value of their sovereign debt -- and the size of that debt relative to that of Europe 's smaller distressed countries -- implies much greater erosion of banks ' capital base , raising the additional risk of liquidity problems and further economic damage .
In the emerging economies , by contrast , inflation is a challenge , but the main risk to growth stems from the advanced countries ' problems .
Stability can return , but not until domestic policy in the advanced countries , together with international policy coordination , credibly shifts to restoring a pattern of inclusive growth , with fiscal stabilization carried out in a way that supports growth and employment .
Too many countries seem to be focused more on political outcomes than on economic performance .
So reckoning with the country 's global impact has been added to an already complex policy agenda , at a point when most countries have the luxury of maintaining a largely domestic focus .
This is a difficult transition , during which many countries have lost momentum as structural transformations stall .
Higher value-added sectors and functions that are upstream and downstream from processing industries will also need to flourish .
These numbers are low and high , respectively , compared to other countries .
But it must also assume greater responsibility for global imbalances , economic and financial stability , and governance , as well as represent the interests of less powerful developing countries .
Many countries , including developing ones , will adopt defensive postures , some of which , such as making better use of the domestic market as a driver of growth , will have broadly positive impacts , even if growth prospects are somewhat diminished in the aggregate .
That , combined with slow progress on financial-sector reform , makes it likely that risk-aversion will prevail , which could slow , if not reverse , financial globalization , and probably lead to slower growth in many countries .
Restarting the Doha round of trade negotiations with a more manageable agenda -- and one focused on the poorer and more vulnerable developing countries -- would be a good way to revive progress on trade .
But , in an environment of slow growth and high unemployment , sentiment in the advanced countries regarding efforts to liberalize trade is distinctly negative .
Outside the advanced countries , there is a view that the world will return to pre-crisis conditions , with a stable US that functions as borrower , lender , and consumer of last resort .
Waiting around for the advanced countries to right their ships so that we can all go back to the old normal is neither good policy nor a good bet .
Higher foreign demand from today 's trade-surplus countries -LRB- China , Germany , and Japan , among others -RRB- could help restore some of the missing demand .
In short , the sort of monetary policy now being practiced for a fragile economy like the US will cause distortions in the global economy that require policy responses in many other countries .
The open economic space and the principle of solidarity helped ensure that economically less developed countries that joined the European Economic Community and , later , the European Union , progressed at an astonishing pace , enhancing the living standards of their peoples .
This is why , having regained their democratic regimes , Central and Eastern European countries unequivocally voted to join the continent 's integration process .
This is why these countries associate the future of their democracies with ever-closer and more integrated cooperation with other European states .
The three Georgian leaders declare bilateral relations a high priority , and in Russia , too , there is widespread hope that their victory will help repair ties between the two countries .
For too long , these roads have served as arteries for international terrorism , conveying fighters and financing into Russia from the Arab world and other countries .
Only in true balance-of-payments crises should the IMF stand ready to provide limited temporary financial assistance to member countries , thereby encouraging their own policy adjustments and signaling this commitment to the markets .
Indeed , the implementation of the Multilateral Debt Relief initiated by the G-8 already provides an unprecedented opportunity to complete the process of debt relief for a large number of low-income countries .
This also opens the way for the IMF to dispose of its current diffusion of activity in low-income countries and intensify its agenda in the areas of its core expertise .
The quota distribution should be guided by members ' economic weight and degree of integration into the global economy , and any quota adjustments must be undertaken in a coherent manner that applies the same standard for all countries .
But , in order to maintain the creditor countries ' willingness to contribute to the Fund 's finances , a strong link must be maintained between quotas , on the one hand , and voting rights , access to IMF resources , and financial contributions on the other hand .
Some countries , instead , are dealing with a sovereign-debt crisis and the consequences of inadequate economic reform .
All countries need to draw firm conclusions from the current crisis .
When the global financial crisis erupted , the euro shielded countries that in comparable circumstances would have been plunged into a deep currency crisis .
This shield may , perhaps , have worked too well because the more weakly performing countries faced no discipline from financial markets .
Reliable statistics were not available in all countries , and for years there was no political will to protect public budgets from the impact of rapidly aging populations on pension and health-care costs .
To minimize that risk , euro-area countries must fundamentally re-work and strengthen the institutional architecture for coordinating long overdue structural reforms and for safeguarding public finances .
Where structural policy is concerned , we need a better architecture for overseeing and safeguarding individual countries ' competitiveness , and for eliminating imbalances .
Countries should be assigned to a risk group in line with their economic vulnerability .
Structural reforms and fiscal consolidation are , incidentally , tasks not only for countries with a current-account deficit .
Of course , the pressure on these countries to act is particularly high , but there is no country in the euro area whose budgetary situation can be described as enduringly sound .
Surplus countries , too , must adopt measures to strengthen the domestic economy by creating incentives for investment and employment .
Elections in countries that have been strangers to democracy are never pretty , as Afghanistan 's recent vote demonstrated and as any election in Iraq is likely to be .
Even an ugly election can be beautiful if it advances democracy - an important lesson for countries like Afghanistan and Iraq .
This is a surprising result , because women in developed countries have become taller thanks to better nutrition , and are having children later in life for many reasons , some of them cultural .
In five other cases , scientists found women in developed countries maturing earlier , in two of them at smaller size -LRB- in the other three cases , size was not measured -RRB- .
These countries ' authorities are now trying to shield their banks from losses by feigning neighborly concern for the Irish government .
Indeed , while Asia is rising , the rich industrial countries of the old G-7 have been drifting into a liquidity trap .
Meanwhile , developing countries are moving in the opposite direction .
Today , a deepening global divide sets the slow-growing US against many emerging-market economies and commodity-producing countries .
In the past decade , these countries have , as OECD research has shown , become dependent on Chinese growth .
In a global economy , the decisions of the leading countries ' central banks have global implications .
A global financial-transaction tax -LRB- FTT -RRB- , applied uniformly across the G-20 countries and covering all financial transactions at a very low rate , is the obvious instrument of choice to ensure that all financial-market participants contribute equally .
Asian countries now act with much greater self-assurance than in the past .
The average income per capita of SSA countries in 2000 was less than half that for all developing countries , about 40 % of the level of East Asian and Pacific developing countries , and less than 25 % that of Latin America and the Caribbean countries .
Similarly , life expectancy at birth in SSA countries lagged 16 years behind the developing-country average , 14 years behind countries in South Asia , and 21 years behind countries in East Asia , Latin America , and the Caribbean .
In combined gross enrolment in primary , secondary and higher education , SSA countries stood 19 % below the average for developing countries , 11 % below South Asian countries , 29 % below East Asia and the Pacific , and 32 % below Latin America and the Caribbean .
Most SSA countries attained national independence some time after the end of the Second World War , as the British , French , Belgian , and Portuguese empires unraveled -LRB- Germany had already lost its colonies after 1918 -RRB- .
Thus , SSA countries have only enjoyed independence for a short period in comparison with , say , South America , where countries had their wars of independence around 1810-1820 and achieved some type of constitutional government by 1850-1880 .
The legacy of arbitrarily drawn borders and limited political centralization meant that in many SSA countries remnants of the colonial experience continue to play a big role in defining the institutional landscape , such as the civil service and public administration , educational system , and economic infrastructure .
To be sure , many countries adopted English , French , or Portuguese as their official languages , and European missionaries , who often followed in the colonizers ' footsteps , had success in transmitting their religious practices to local populations .
Recent data on perceived corruption in public transactions show the SSA countries with the lowest average score for all developing regions .
Since the 1990 's , many of the world 's armed conflicts have taken place in SSA countries .
Developed countries can provide limited help by means of well-focused , untied aid and technical assistance projects .
Only such leaders can build up the legitimacy needed to unite their countries , and only then will they be able to confront head on the many challenges that the region faces in shaking loose from the shackles of backwardness .
This conclusion is based on comparing Muslim countries ' `` electoral competitiveness . ''
Electorally competitive countries are not necessarily democratic : some do not fully control the state 's territory ; others violate both their constitutions and human rights .
The differences between Arab and non-Arab Muslim countries are striking .
Of 29 non-Arab Muslim countries evaluated by Polity IV , 11 enjoyed significant political rights for at least three consecutive years in the period from 1972 to 2000 , while eight experienced at least five consecutive years of political rights .
The Freedom House scores are remarkably similar : 12 of 31 non-Arab Muslim countries had relatively high scores for at least three consecutive years , and eight for five consecutive years .
In the non-Arab Muslim-majority subset , both Polity IV and Freedom House rate nine countries as having experienced at least three consecutive years of substantial political rights .
By contrast , none of the 16 Arab Muslim-majority countries is an overachiever .
Finally , some Arab countries are not electorally competitive now but once did use free and fair elections to fill the state 's most politically powerful offices -LRB- Lebanon -RRB- .
Indeed , multiple but complementary identities are the norm in all four countries .
These profoundly pluralistic countries are not classic `` nation states , '' but rather what I call democratic `` state nations . ''
A survey in 2001 of the two supposedly most polarized cities , Donetsk and Lviv , showed convergence in their approval of independent Ukraine , with only 1 % of respondents in Lviv and 5 % in Donetsk preferring that Ukraine be divided into two or more countries .
A look at the eight postcommunist countries just admitted to the European Union is instructive .
In interwar Europe , parliamentarism in many countries was plagued by frequent votes of no confidence , bringing down governments and leaving states rudderless for long periods .
After World War II , many countries with parliamentary systems reduced the likelihood of such instability by adopting the so-called `` constructive vote of no confidence . '' Before a no confidence vote can be held , agreement must be reached on a new government majority to take its place .
The most perilous outcome under this model is when neither the president nor the prime minister has a majority , which has never occurred in France , but has occurred in postcommunist countries such as Russia and Ukraine .
Of course , there is no guarantee that such a system would bring greater democratic stability to countries like Mexico , but it would provide many more mechanisms to resolve crises than are currently available .
Of the eight post-communist countries that are now in the European Union , not one chose such a system .
Under a parliamentary system , future democratic governments in both countries would gain invaluable flexibility , for two major reasons .
A parliamentary system , not a president-cum-pharaoh , looks like the best path for both countries .
This division of core and periphery is common in many countries .
This prescription worked for a time in a few countries , but was risky , as Argentina was to show .
Wages and prices fell , but not enough to allow Argentina to compete effectively , especially since many of the agricultural goods which constitute Argentina 's natural comparative advantages face high hurdles in entering the markets of rich countries .
Countries must cope with those shocks - adjustments in exchange rates are part of the coping mechanism .
Given the huge increase in inequality in most countries , higher taxes for those who have done well -- to help those who have lost ground from globalization and technological change -- are in order , and could also ameliorate the strains imposed by soaring food and energy prices .
Countries , like the US , with food stamp programs clearly need to increase the value of these subsidies in order to ensure that nutrition standards do not deteriorate .
Those countries without such programs might think about instituting them .
Rich countries must reduce , if not eliminate , distortional agriculture and energy policies , and help those in the poorest countries improve their capacity to produce food .
Small business loans have been pivotal in creating not only new businesses , but whole new industries .
Popular opposition to the Iraq war made it impossible for Mexico and Chile to give into American pressure at the United Nations to endorse the invasion ; the citizens of these countries were proven right .
It is time for America , and Europe , to learn the lessons of Iraq -- or , rather , relearn the lessons of virtually every country that tries to occupy another and determine its future .
The Scandinavian countries showed the way two decades ago .
Now the crisis has spread , predictably , to emerging markets and less developed countries .
As America sops up the world 's savings to address its problems , as risk premiums soar , as global income , trade , and commodity prices fall , developing countries will face hard times .
Those countries that did not fully liberalize their capital and financial markets , such as China , will be thankful that they did not follow the urging of Paulson and the US Treasury to do so .
While developed countries engage in stabilizing countercyclical policies , developing countries would be forced into destabilizing policies , driving away capital when they need it most .
Likewise , the old Bretton Woods institutions came to be defined by a set of economic doctrines that has now been shown to fail not only in developing countries , but even in capitalism 's heartland .
The misguided policies that resulted -- pushed by , among others , some members of US President-elect Barack Obama 's economic team -- had earlier inflicted enormous costs on developing countries .
The moment of enlightenment came only when those policies also began inflicting costs on the US and other advanced industrial countries .
Still , the worry at Davos was that there would be a retreat from even our flawed globalization , and that poor countries would suffer the most .
How could developing countries compete with America 's subsidies and guarantees ?
This partly explains the curious flow of funds from developing countries to the US -- from whence the world 's problems originated .
And , to add insult to injury , banks in advanced countries , especially those receiving aid from their governments , seem to be pulling back from lending in developing countries , including through branches and subsidiaries .
So the prospects for most developing countries -- including those that had done everything `` right '' -- are bleak .
Countries were told to follow the American model , use American auditing firms , bring in American entrepreneurs to teach them how to run their companies .
America 's willingness to provide multi-billion dollar bail-outs to airlines or to create cartels to protect its steel and aluminum industries suggests that free market ideology is but a thin guise for old-fashioned corporate welfare : give to those with the appropriate connections .
And , with Americans facing a debt overhang , rapidly increasing unemployment -LRB- and the worst unemployment compensation system among major industrial countries -RRB- , and falling asset prices , they are likely to save much of the tax cut .
America 's failures provide important lessons to countries around the world , which are or will be facing increasing problems with their banks :
Developing Countries and the Global Crisis
Developing Countries and the Global Crisis NEW YORK -- This year is likely to be the worst for the global economy since World War II , with the World Bank estimating a decline of up to 2 % .
Even developing countries that did everything right -- and had far better macroeconomic and regulatory policies than the United States did -- are feeling the impact .
In assessing the size of the stimulus , countries will balance the cost to their own budgets with the benefits in terms of increased growth and employment for their own economies .
The report supports many of the G-20 initiatives , but it urges stronger measures focused on developing countries .
For instance , while it is recognized that almost all countries need to undertake stimulus measures -LRB- we 're all Keynesians now -RRB- , many developing countries do not have the resources to do so .
The sources of liquid funds today are in Asia and the Middle East , but why should these countries contribute money to organizations in which their voice is limited and which have often pushed policies that are antithetical to their values and beliefs ?
Unfortunately , a World Bank study notes that 17 of the 20 countries have actually undertaken new protectionist measures , most notably the US with the `` buy American '' provision included in its stimulus package .
But it has long been recognized that subsidies can be just as destructive as tariffs -- and even less fair , since rich countries can better afford them .
Indeed , even firms in advanced industrial countries that have not received a subsidy are at an unfair advantage .
While one can understand the domestic political imperatives that have led to subsidies and guarantees , developed countries need to recognize the global consequences , and provide compensatory assistance to developing countries .
As the downturn deepens , several countries may , for example , face bankruptcy .
The UN Takes Charge NEW YORK -- While discussions about economic `` green shoots '' continue unabated in the United States , in many countries , and especially in the developing world , matters are getting worse .
As a result , even countries with good regulatory systems are now confronting problems in their financial sectors .
On June 23 , a United Nations conference focusing on the global economic crisis and its impact on developing countries reached a consensus both about the causes of the downturn and why it was affecting developing countries so badly .
Indeed , the agreement showed the value of a more inclusive approach -- for example , by asking key questions that might be too politically sensitive for some of the larger countries to raise , or by pointing out concerns that resonate with the poorest , even if they are less important for the richest .
But many developing countries have just emerged from being overburdened with debt ; they do not want to go through that again .
The G-20 , which turned to the IMF to provide most of the money that the developing countries need to cope with the crisis , did not take sufficient note of this ; the UN conference did .
The build-up of reserves contributes to global imbalances and insufficient global aggregate demand , as countries put aside hundreds of billions of dollars as a precaution against global volatility .
Not surprisingly , America , which benefits by getting trillions of dollars of loans from developing countries -- now at almost no interest -- was not enthusiastic about the discussion .
On the last day of the conference , as America was expressing its reservations about even discussing at the UN this issue which affects all countries ' well being , China was once again reiterating that the time had come to begin working on a global reserve currency .
Emblematic of the difference between the UN and the G-20 conferences was the discussion of bank secrecy : whereas the G-20 focused on tax evasion , the UN Conference addressed corruption , too , which some experts contend gives rise to outflows from some of the poorest countries that are greater than the foreign assistance they receive .
The US and other advanced industrial countries pushed globalization . But this crisis has shown that they have not managed globalization as well as they should have .
This UN conference , like an earlier one on financing for developing countries , demonstrated the key role that the UN must play in any global discussion about reforming the global financial and economic system .
The same problems in making comparisons over time apply to comparisons across countries .
Part of the difference between GDP per capita in the US and some European countries may thus be a result of the way we measure things .
Does anyone really believe that America 's CEO 's are that much more productive than those in other countries , where compensation is more modest ?
But this requires a substantial increase in assistance at a time when the paltry levels of aid provided by rich countries continue to fall .
As long as the world 's -LRB- economically -RRB- advanced countries maintain this attitude , innovative approaches to financing economic development - and global public goods more generally - need to be tested .
SDRs are a kind of global money , issued by the IMF , which countries agree to accept and exchange for dollars or other hard currencies .
The underlying idea is simple : every year , countries around the world set aside reserves as insurance against contingencies such as an abrupt downturn in foreign lenders ' sentiment or a collapse of export prices .
As a result , some global income sits around rather than financing investments that poor countries need .
Countries like to keep their reserves growing in tandem with growth in imports and other foreign liabilities .
If these liabilities grow by 10 % annually , countries need to set aside an additional $ 160 billion .
Countries hold these reserves in a variety of forms , including gold and US Treasury bills .
While America benefits from increased demand for its Treasury bills -LRB- which reduces borrowing costs -RRB- , developing countries receive a return of just 2 % - essentially zero in real terms .
Investments at home may offer much higher returns , but forgoing them is the price developing countries pay for a safe hedge against the pitfalls of global capitalism .
Instead of holding their reserves in dollars , a new form of global money - `` global greenbacks '' - could be issued which countries could hold in reserve .
The money would be given to developing countries to finance their development programs as well as global public goods like environmental projects , health initiatives , humanitarian assistance , and so on .
A new institutional arrangement might entail the creation of a set of trust funds - say , for education or health , or the environment - with competition among countries for projects helping to promote these objectives .
For countries that receive less than the amount that they need to put into reserves , the new `` global money '' would go into the reserves , freeing dollars that these countries would otherwise set aside .
Countries that receive more than they must put into reserves could exchange the new money for conventional currencies .
Eventually , all the new money will wend its way into reserves , which in effect represent a commitment by countries to help each other in times of trouble .
If some countries , say , Japan and China , insist on running huge surpluses year after year , then other countries must run deficits .
The deficits are as much the fault of the surplus countries as they are of the deficit countries .
Of course , even with this assistance , countries that mismanage their economies will face problems ; the proposal is not a panacea to the world 's problems .
But if most advanced countries were to recognize this new form of global money , they could put pressure on holdouts by limiting their holdings of non-participant currencies and treasury bills in their reserves .
This much is clear : addressing the plight of the world 's poorest countries and providing the global public goods needed in this age of globalization requires us to explore innovative ways of raising the necessary financing .
What makes the global greenback proposal attractive is that it provides the funds poor countries need while contributing to global economic growth , stability , and equity .
The Harsh Lessons of 2009 NEW YORK -- The best that can be said for 2009 is that it could have been worse , that we pulled back from the precipice on which we seemed to be perched in late 2008 , and that 2010 will almost surely be better for most countries around the world .
Those countries , like Australia , that implemented large , well designed stimulus programs early emerged from the crisis faster .
Other countries succumbed to the old orthodoxy pushed by the financial wizards who got us into this mess .
Regrettably , unless the United States and other advanced industrial countries make much greater progress on financial-sector reforms in 2010 , we may find ourselves faced with another opportunity to learn them .
So , too , was the developed countries ' agreement to `` provide adequate , predictable and sustainable financial resources , technology , and capacity-building ... '' to developing countries .
The real failure was that there was no agreement about how to achieve the lofty goal of saving the planet , no agreement about reductions in carbon emissions , no agreement on how to share the burden , and no agreement on help for developing countries .
The `` minimally '' fair allocation to the developing countries requires equal emission rights per capita .
Developed countries could use some of the revenues generated to fulfill their obligations to help the developing countries in terms of adaptation and to compensate them for maintaining forests , which provide a global public good through carbon sequestration .
We must now conjoin self-interest with good intentions , especially because leaders in some countries -LRB- particularly the United States -RRB- seem afraid of competition from emerging markets even without any advantage they might receive from not having to pay for carbon emissions .
A system of border taxes -- imposed on imports from countries where firms do not have to pay appropriately for carbon emissions -- would level the playing field and provide economic and political incentives for countries to adopt a carbon tax or emission caps .
The United Kingdom , for example , has had a harder time than other countries for an obvious reason : it had a real-estate bubble -LRB- though of less consequence than in Spain -RRB- , and finance , which was at the epicenter of the crisis , played a more important role in its economy than it does in other countries .
Over the longer term , most economists agree that governments , especially in advanced industrial countries with aging populations , should be concerned about the sustainability of their policies .
These are questions for a later day -- at least in many countries , prospects of a robust recovery are , at best , a year or two away .
This is the real trade distortion in the global economy -- one in which millions of poor people in developing countries are hurt as America helps some of the world 's richest farmers .
Since China 's multilateral surplus is the economic issue and many countries are concerned about it , the US should seek a multilateral , rules-based solution .
Moreover , Europe has no way of helping those countries facing severe problems .
For the EU 's smaller countries , the lesson is clear : if they do not reduce their budget deficits , there is a high risk of a speculative attack , with little hope for adequate assistance from their neighbors , at least not without painful and counterproductive pro-cyclical budgetary restraints .
As European countries take these measures , their economies are likely to weaken -- with unhappy consequences for the global recovery .
And the fact that these countries are importing more than they are exporting contributes to their weak economies .
But John Maynard Keynes pointed out that surpluses lead to weak global aggregate demand -- countries running surpluses exert a `` negative externality '' on their trading partners .
Indeed , Keynes believed that it was surplus countries , far more than deficit countries , that posed a threat to global prosperity ; he went so far as to recommend a tax on surplus countries .
Those countries whose deficits have soared as a result of the global recession should not be forced into a death spiral -- as Argentina was a decade ago .
One proposed solution is for these countries to engineer the equivalent of a devaluation -- a uniform decrease in wages .
Big bailouts allowed countries to briefly maintain over-valued exchange rates , which in turn allowed the rich in these countries to get their money out at more favorable terms than they might have done otherwise .
Countries that relied on IMF advice fared far less well .
Why should principles that make sense within countries - like the US - not be applied in the international arena ?
In the UN , five countries hold a veto - largely a historical anachronism .
On one side , emerging-market countries like India , China , and the Southeast Asian economies , are experiencing robust growth .
The problem in the advanced countries is not a jobless recovery , but an anemic recovery -- or worse , the possibility of a double-dip recession .
The gravest threat comes from the wave of austerity sweeping the world , as governments , particularly in Europe , confront the large deficits brought on by the Great Recession , and as anxieties about some countries ' ability to meet their debt payments contributes to financial-market instability .
My best bet is that these countries will maintain rapid growth as they shift their economic focus to their vast and untapped domestic markets .
In Europe , 27 countries with different interests and perspectives are pulling in different directions , without enough solidarity to compensate .
NEW YORK -- In the aftermath of the Great Recession , countries have been left with unprecedented peacetime deficits and increasing anxieties about their growing national debts .
In many countries , this is leading to a new round of austerity -- policies that will almost surely lead to weaker national and global economies and a marked slowdown in the pace of recovery .
The attempt to restrain the growth of debt does serve to concentrate the mind -- it forces countries to focus on priorities and assess values .
In the US -LRB- and some other advanced industrial countries -RRB- , any deficit-reduction agenda has to be set in the context of what happened over the last decade :
All over the world , countries are struggling to create enough jobs for new entrants into the labor force .
After all , rich countries in Europe have increasingly found that they can not pay for university education , and are asking young people and their families to bear the costs .
Many countries , not least the US , could learn from its experience .
Second , unlike many other small countries , Mauritius has decided that most military spending is a waste .
Like many other successful emerging-market countries , Mauritius is confronting a loss of exchange-rate competitiveness .
And , as more and more countries intervene to weaken their exchange rates in response to America 's attempt at competitive devaluation through quantitative easing , the problem is becoming worse .
Moreover , like many other countries around the world , Mauritius worries today about imported food and energy inflation .
Slightly more than 13 years earlier , at the IMF 's Hong Kong meeting in 1997 , the Fund had attempted to amend its charter in order to gain more leeway to push countries towards capital-market liberalization .
That push had been advocated by Western financial markets -- and the Western finance ministries that serve them so loyally .
Iceland showed that responding to the crisis by imposing capital controls could help small countries manage its impact .
There is a wide range of available capital-account management tools , and it is best if countries use a portfolio of them .
The crisis has also put to the test long-standing dogmas that blame labor-market rigidity for unemployment , because countries with more flexible wages , like the US , have fared worse than northern European economies , including Germany . Indeed , as wages weaken , workers will find it even more difficult to pay back what they owe , and problems in the housing market will become worse .
The Europeans typically picked their nominee behind the scenes , as did the Americans , after only cursory consultation with developing countries .
After all , the IMF 's main responsibility is to fight crises , most of which have been in developing countries -- more than a hundred since the disastrous policies of financial deregulation and liberalization began some 30 years ago .
Today , the imminent crisis is in Europe , where the European Central Bank seems to be putting its own balance sheet and those of European banks -- loaded with debt from Ireland , Greece , and Portugal -- above the well-being of these countries ' citizens .
Some of the most qualified candidates -LRB- in both developed and developing countries -RRB- have not received the support of their own governments that the political process seems to require .
Similarly , changes in voting procedures -LRB- public voting by countries , rather than through constituencies , or a requirement that candidates win the support of a majority of developing and emerging countries -RRB- could persuade more emerging-market officials to put their names forward .
While countries may pride themselves on a strong currency , a strong dollar is bad for exports and good for imports .
Globalization , well and equitably managed , can benefit all countries .
Instead , globalization is an unfair game , with the rules written by rich advanced industrial countries for rich industrial countries .
Think of the lessons that poor developing countries learn .
Even before these increases , subsidies to agriculture by the advanced industrial countries were enormous - exceeding the total incomes of sub-Saharan Africa .
Rich countries - like the US - are in the best position to bear those risks .
Countries , particularly in Europe , that are capable of standing up to the US must oppose it here .
A failure in both would be disastrous -- even if the major emerging-market countries have attained self-sustaining growth .
It had no choice : with financial turmoil threatening to spread from small countries like Greece and Ireland to large ones like Italy and Spain , the euro 's very survival was in growing jeopardy .
Europe 's leaders recognized that distressed countries ' debts would become unmanageable unless their economies could grow , and that growth could not be achieved without assistance .
But , even as Europe 's leaders promised that help was on the way , they doubled down on the belief that non-crisis countries must cut spending .
Countries recognized that without reserves , they risked losing their economic sovereignty .
To take the last one first , those countries that built up large reserves were able to weather the economic crisis better , so the incentive to accumulate reserves is even stronger .
With oil prices back above $ 100 a barrel this summer -- and still high -- money is once again being transferred to the oil-exporting countries .
Spain 's protesters , and those in other countries , are right to be indignant : here is a system in which the bankers got bailed out , while those whom they preyed upon have been left to fend for themselves .
When the IMF forced large expenditure cuts in East Asia , output in those countries fell -- just as Keynesian theory predicted .
In a nutshell , Keynes struggled against the notion that if only countries would cut their deficits , `` confidence '' would be restored , investment would return , and the economy would again attain full employment .
Similarly , Argentina 's export industries were unlikely to attract investors , regardless of the fiscal deficit , given the overvalued exchange rate , low export prices , and the many foreign markets that remain closed to Argentine goods .
It produces one of the finest airplanes in the world -- so good that competitors in the more advanced industrial countries have tried to impose trade barriers .
Brazil 's debt to GDP ratio is moderate -- better than in the US at the time Bill Clinton became president , far better than that of Japan and several European countries .
Argentina seems set to join the long list of countries - Brazil , Korea , Russia , Thailand , and Indonesia - that managed devaluations without runaway inflation .
Tourism and related industries are booming .
Failures in Indonesia , Thailand , and Korea of 1997 were followed by failures in Russia and Brazil the next year : in those cases , attempts to maintain exchange rates at overvalued levels left taxpayers in those countries billions of dollars poorer .
Only devaluation restored growth to these countries .
What evidence , for example , suggested that liberalizing capital markets in poor countries would deliver faster growth ?
In the IMF world , member countries are referred to as shareholders .
In some of the poorest countries in the world - ie , those most dependent on aid - the IMF has argued that foreign aid should not be listed as revenue in a government 's budget calculations .
The truth , of course , is that aid is more stable than tax revenues in poor countries .
But donor countries want to see the money they give to finance schools or health clinics spent on schools and health clinics ; they do n't want to see it added to a nation 's reserves .
Governments in developing countries have the correct answer to the problem of revenue instability : expenditure flexibility .
It is , of course , in times of economic downturn that countries worry most about their credit rating , so the IMF stance is particularly unhelpful .
Talk about corruption in developing countries -- and in some developed ones -- is running rampant .
In the past , corruption was usually said to be located within the ranks of public servants , and this was used as a partial justification for privatization , especially in developing countries .
The scale of theft achieved by those who ransacked Enron , Worldcom , and other corporations is in the billions of dollars , greater than the GDP of many countries .
The proponents of markets are right that incentives matter , but inappropriate incentives do not create real wealth in the economy , only a massive misallocation of resources of the sort we see now in such industries as telecoms .
Some countries try to fight against this vicious circle .
Domestic US oil producers , as well as those in allied countries , such as Mexico and Russia , would be devastated , though users of oil around the world would benefit enormously .
One source of discontent with globalization is that it deprives countries of their freedom to protect their economy and citizens .
Special interests in industrial countries , it seems , take precedence over broader interests .
More importantly , capital restrictions meant that when Latin America was sent into recession and depression later in the decade , as speculative capital fled most Latin American countries , Chile was largely spared . -LRB- Of course , it still suffered the consequences of the downturn in copper prices -- capital controls ca n't solve all problems -RRB- .
Moreover , countries with heavy short-term indebtedness risk their political autonomy .
Here are three : An independent central bank is necessary for sound macro-economic policy . The truth : countries that do not have an independent central bank , like India , manage to contain inflation as effectively as those with independent central banks .
On the contrary , recent research by Nobel laureate economist George Akerlof and his colleagues suggests that pushing inflation too low may impede growth , and that the critical threshold is higher for countries , such as the post-communist transition economies , engaged in large structural changes .
Indeed , thanks to the IMF , we have had ample opportunity to see what happens , both in East Asia and Latin America , when an economy in a downturn tries to balance its budget .
My own work , with Bruce Greenwald of Columbia University , updates these theories , taking into account the imperfections of capital markets , especially those associated with asymmetries of information .
For countries with low to moderate inflation , moderate increases in inflation do not lead to runaway inflation , regardless of what central bankers may say on the matter .
To be sure , if Japan 's government started printing money recklessly -- as some countries have done in the past -- such worries would be well grounded .
Perhaps more importantly , the lessons gleaned from a policy of determined stimulus would be invaluable for other countries facing similar problems .
Developing countries are often advised -LRB- or instructed -RRB- to undertake reforms recommended by `` experts '' who are called `` technocrats '' and are often backed by the IMF .
The problem is that many policies advanced by technocrats as if they were Pareto efficient are in fact flawed and make many people -- sometimes entire countries -- worse off .
Advanced industrial countries in Europe use such a tax .
Developing countries , the technocrats said , should do likewise .
But there is a fundamental difference between developed European countries and emerging markets : the size of the informal sector , from which VAT is not collected .
This vast `` black economy '' makes VAT inefficient in most developing countries .
Developing countries that impose a VAT perversely encourage production to remain in the informal sector , which often produces the goods that are consumed domestically or used as inputs in the developed world .
But it is the formal sector that produces higher value-added manufactured goods that compete with developed countries .
There are other sources of tax revenue in many developing countries that are both more equitable and distort economic incentives far less than VAT .
Many developing countries lack a corporate income tax : the huge profits of the telecom , cement , and other monopoly sectors escape taxation .
You do n't need an economics doctorate to recognize that , in developing countries , you ca n't impose a tax on all commodities .
A focus on inflation may make sense for countries with long histories of inflation , but not for others , like Japan .
Technocrats and financial market players who benefit from this institutional arrangement have done an impressive job of convincing many countries of its virtues , and of the need to treat monetary policy as a technical matter that should be put above politics .
Likewise , developing countries need to consider not only the central bank 's independence , but also its mandate and representativeness .
But in too many countries , nor is there democratic debate about the alternatives .
The message is clear : here is what advanced industrial countries do , and have done .
In all countries , balancing the budget and controlling inflation are high on the list , but so are structural reforms .
As someone who was intimately involved in economic policy making in the US , I have always been struck by the divergence between the policies that America pushes on developing countries and those practiced in the US itself .
Yet all over the world , developing countries are told that central banks should focus exclusively on price stability .
Similarly , while many countries are told to privatize social security , America 's public social security system is efficient -LRB- with transactions costs a fraction of private annuities -RRB- , and customers are responsive to it .
In others , monopolies in trade deprive countries of the advantages of international competition , while monopolies in cement significantly raise the price of construction .
Fannie Mae , the government-created entity responsible for providing mortgages for middle-class Americans , helped lower mortgage costs and played a significant role in making America one of the countries with the largest proportion of private home ownership .
Similarly , environmental laws make firms liable for their toxic wastes , and many countries , including the US , have enshrined the principle that `` polluters pay , '' that is , companies must pay for the damage they cause .
In the Congo , the profits of mining companies helped maintain the late President Mobuto of Zaire , now the Congo , in power for decades -- enabling him to pillage his country , allegedly facilitated by the secret bank accounts that are the specialty of countries like Switzerland , the Cayman Islands , and Cyprus .
One would have thought that the developing countries would look forward to the meeting as a chance to achieve a fairer global trading system .
Instead , many fear that what has happened in the past will happen again : secret negotiations , arm twisting , and the display of brute economic power by the US and Europe -- and by special interests in the advanced countries -- aimed at ensuring that the interests of the rich are protected .
Yet the realpolitik of economic power has ensured that the interests of the developed countries predominate .
It 's not just a question of providing access , but of eliminating the subsidies that encourage production in rich countries and harm farmers in poor countries .
Provisions demanded by the US would have made it difficult for small countries , like Botswana , to gain affordable access .
Developing countries also continue to worry about bio-piracy -- the patenting by Western firms of traditional foods and drugs .
· Textiles . The Uruguay round promised the elimination of quotas in 2004 , enabling many developing countries to exploit another area of comparative advantage .
But many developing countries worry that trade restrictions will remain , whether through `` safeguards '' to protect jobs or through high tariffs .
· A more balanced liberalization agenda . With services comprising an increasing share of production in developed countries , attention has shifted to liberalization of trade in services .
Within the developed countries , there has long been concern about such behavior -- so-called `` predation '' -- and well-defined standards have been developed .
So developing countries worry that efforts to introduce `` competition '' within trade negotiations will only make life even more difficult .
They worry that efforts to promote domestic industries or provide preferential treatment to disadvantaged groups -LRB- the kind of affirmative action programs that have been so important , both in developed and less developed countries -RRB- will be labeled `` unfair '' to foreign firms , and thus be prohibited .
Pushing countries to liberalize their capital markets and open them up to speculative capital flows is one example .
While it may have done so in a few countries , it has not done so in Europe as a whole .
For example , if economic growth in the center were strong but smaller countries were showing weaknesses , monetary policy would be determined by the needs of the center .
Smaller countries would not get the monetary stimulation they needed .
But such risks are far less important for countries with sound economic management and low levels of indebtedness .
But small countries , like Portugal , do not .
But matters within Euroland may also worsen : the Stability Pact , with its de facto separate rules for large and small countries , will almost certainly be replaced .
Capital market liberalization was the culprit , exposing countries to the vagaries of international capital flows -- to both irrational pessimism and optimism , not to mention the manipulation of speculators .
Yet the IMF was still lobbying to change its charter in order to force countries to liberalize their capital markets , ignoring the evidence that this did not lead to enhanced growth or more investment , but only to more instability .
After criticizing the East Asian countries for a lack of transparency , the IMF acknowledged that it , too , was insufficiently transparent , and made reforms -- though sometimes it seems that it thinks that a better Web site is a substitute for real transparency .
Under pressure from global civil society , the IMF finally did agree to an enhanced debt forgiveness program for the poorest countries .
Regrettably , it set standards and procedures such that few countries achieve the debt relief they need .
For any fundamental reforms must address not only the difficult problems posed by the global reserve system and the burdens of risk borne by the developing countries , but also global governance .
Developing countries were told , once again , to get their houses in order , to address issues of governance , and to undertake `` painful '' structural reforms .
More than 20 countries received debt relief .
For years I watched the IMF drag its feet on debt relief , with few countries overcoming its hurdles .
Without continued pressure from the world 's rich countries , the hurdles may rise again .
Equally important are deserving countries that do not meet the current standards for relief .
Free trade is preached as a gospel everywhere , but rich countries do not seem to hear their own message : their markets remain closed to many developing country exports ; they subsidize agriculture massively , making it impossible for developing countries to compete . Do as we say , not as we do ; that seems to be the G-7 message .
Trade can be a powerful engine for economic growth , and economic growth is badly needed in postcommunist and developing countries .
Here is something rich countries could do overnight : open markets completely and immediately to all goods and services -LRB- except guns -RRB- from the world 's poorest countries .
In the longer run , the G-7 countries will benefit , and they will undermine the charge of hypocrisy leveled at the rich by developing countries .
Special interests and the interests of rich countries are too dominant .
Within the G-7 countries , when economic matters are debated , not just finance ministries and central bankers speak . Labor , commerce , consumers are also heard .
Yet they freely interfere with democratic processes within countries they are supposedly trying to help .
But the Bush administration 's exclusion of creditor countries like France , Germany , and Russia from Iraqi reconstruction contracts undermines this hope .
The US and Europe reneged on their promise that this would be a round of trade negotiations designed to improve the plight of developing countries .
The US and Europe not only tried to impose their trade agenda on developing countries ; they also continued to insist on their right to subsidize agriculture and raised new demands that would have made lives in developing countries even worse .
For the first time , developing countries united , and the talks broke down .
But unless meaningful concessions are made in agriculture , non-tariff barriers , and intellectual property rights , what do developing countries have to gain ?
Tariffs on industrial goods in the advanced countries are already low enough that developing countries are unlikely to receive many benefits -- and they have much to lose from another unfair trade agreement .
Developing countries are , however , learning some of the West 's tricks .
For them it will be just another instance of having to bear the costs of policy mistakes made in the advanced industrial countries , another instance of globalization gone awry .
When the Berlin Wall fell , the countries of Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union began transitions to a market economy , with heated debates over how this should be accomplished . One choice was shock therapy - quick privatization of state-owned assets and abrupt liberalization of trade , prices , and capital flows - while the other was gradual market liberalization to allow for the rule of law to be established at the same time .
Today , there is a broad consensus that shock therapy , at least at the level of microeconomic reforms , failed , and that countries -LRB- Hungary , Poland , and Slovenia -RRB- that took the gradualist approach to privatization and the reconstruction of institutional infrastructure managed their transitions far better than those that tried to leapfrog into a laissez-faire economy .
More than a decade after the beginning of the transition , many postcommunist countries have not even returned to pre-transition income levels .
Worse , the prognosis for establishing a stable democracy and the rule of law in most shock-therapy countries looks bleak .
There are , of course , similarities and differences between the former communist countries and Iraq .
But Iraq 's location puts it at a distinct disadvantage compared to Russia and many postcommunist states : none of Iraq 's neighbors is doing particularly well economically , while many postcommunist countries sat next door to the European Union during the 1990 's boom .
The fault lies with how globalization has been managed - partly by countries , but most importantly , by the international community , including institutions like the World Bank , World Trade Organization , and the IMF , which are responsible for establishing the `` rules of the game . ''
Even the IMF now recognizes that capital market liberalization has delivered neither growth nor stability to many developing countries .
The second issue concerns the unbalanced intellectual property provisions -LRB- TRIPs -RRB- of the Uruguay Round of trade talks , dictated by America 's pharmaceutical and entertainment industries .
These provisions restricted countries from making generic imitations of drugs , making many critically important medicines unaffordable in developing countries .
In its bilateral trade agreements , however , the US is demanding what is becoming known as `` TRIPs plus , '' which would strengthen intellectual property rights further , to ensure that countries only have the right to produce inexpensive generic drugs during epidemics and other emergencies .
Bilateral agreements form the basis of enhanced ties of friendship between countries .
But America 's intransigence in this area is sparking protests in countries facing the `` threat '' of such an agreement , such as Morocco , and is forming the basis of long-lasting resentment .
The Commission highlights other issues that have received insufficient global attention - such as tax competition among developing countries , which shifts more of the tax burden from business to workers . In still other areas , the Commission 's report argues for more `` balanced '' perspectives .
On exchange rates , for example , it is more sympathetic towards mixed systems - in contrast to the traditional belief that countries must choose between the extremes of a completely flexible system and a hard peg -LRB- of the kind that contributed so importantly to Argentina 's woes -RRB- .
Experience in developing countries , where virtually all of the crises with which the IMF has had to deal occur , was not even thought to be a pre-requisite !
The Fund now openly talks about the need to focus on poverty , and it candidly acknowledges that it had imposed too much conditionality when providing financing to poor countries .
But at least it now recognizes that capital market liberalization - - long the centerpiece of its agenda - did not bring developing countries faster growth , only more instability .
But there is , I think , an even deeper reason for concerns about outsourcing of , say , hi-tech jobs to India : it destroys the myth - which has been a central tenet of the globalization debate in the US and other advanced industrial countries - that workers should not be afraid of globalization .
Yes , apologists of outsourcing say , rich countries will lose low-skilled jobs in areas like textiles to low wage labor in China and elsewhere .
America is producing fewer engineers than China and India , and , even if engineers from those developing countries are at some disadvantage , either because of training or location , that disadvantage is more than offset by wage differentials .
First , as America grapples with the challenges of adjusting to globalization , it should be more sensitive to the plight of developing countries , which have far fewer resources to cope .
After all , if America , with its relatively low level of unemployment and social safety net , finds it must take action to protect its workers and firms against competition from abroad - whether in software or steel - such action by developing countries is all the more justified .
This has , indeed , already happened in some developed countries : in the ten years that have passed since the signing of the North American Free Trade Agreement , average real wages in the US have actually declined .
The British Commonwealth recently posed this question to me and the Initiative for Policy Dialogue , an international network of economists committed to helping developing countries .
The advanced countries , with their dominant corporate and financial interests , had set the agenda for those negotiations .
Whether or not developing countries benefited was of little concern .
Our second message was optimistic : if the agenda of the current round is reoriented towards development , and if assistance is provided to manage implementation and adjustment costs , developing countries can gain much .
But genuinely beneficial agricultural reform would need to go further than merely transforming export subsidies into other types of subsidies , because many supposedly non-distorting subsidies lead to more output , which hurts producers in developing countries by lowering prices .
Trade reforms must be sensitive to the effects on developing countries , many of which are net importers of subsidized agricultural commodities .
Developing countries also need access for the unskilled labor-intensive services in which they have a comparative advantage .
Developing countries ' alleged gains from capital market liberalization have been widely discussed -LRB- although recent studies raise some doubts about these benefits -RRB- .
Nevertheless , the global gains from allowing freer flows of unskilled labor -LRB- even temporarily -RRB- , let alone the benefits to developing countries , far outweigh the benefits from capital market liberalization .
But even a cursory look at these items reveals that they primarily reflect the interests of developed countries .
Are developing countries really targeting this area in the next few years ?
The most important competition issue for developing countries , however , is reform of dumping duties .
The US and EU keep out products from developing countries , alleging that they charge less than the cost of production .
But few developing countries are in a position to establish such monopoly positions , so the dumping charges are mostly bogus .
Now that rich countries no longer need to worry about losing the developing world to Communism , they have an opportunity to redefine the global economic order according to the same principles on which they built successful national economies : fair competition and social justice .
Unfortunately , this opportunity was squandered in the Uruguay Round , as developed countries advanced their own interests at the expense of less developed countries .
It aspired to promote trade as a vehicle of partnership between developed and developing countries .
Regrettably , in spite of its name , the Development Round has offered far less to developing countries than one would have hoped .
There is a curious phenomenon that economists call the resource curse - so named because , on average , countries with large endowments of natural resources perform worse than countries that are less well endowed .
Yet some countries with abundant natural resources do perform better than others , and some have done well .
Economists put forward three reasons for the dismal performance of some richly endowed countries :
When the exchange rate soars as a result of resource booms , countries can not export manufactured or agriculture goods , and domestic producers can not compete with an onslaught of imports .
So abundant natural wealth often creates rich countries with poor people .
Moreover , such fluctuations are amplified by borrowing in good years , so countries should resist foreign lenders who try to persuade them of the virtues of such capital flows .
The Dutch disease , however , is one of the more intractable consequences of oil and resource wealth , at least for poor countries .
Bring it in only gradually . But in most developing countries , such a policy is viewed as using oil money to help someone else 's economy .
Some countries , notably Nigeria , are trying to implement these lessons .
Violent conflict is fed and its effects worsened by massive sales of arms by Western governments to developing countries .
Nowadays , what typically tries to pass as a `` free market economy '' is a corporatist economy in which government uses its powers to advance the interests of business , often at the expense of consumers .
Strong competition policy is not just a luxury to be enjoyed by rich countries , but a real necessity for those striving to create democratic market economies .
While America may continue on a path of unilateralism , other countries ' stance will make a difference .
Today , with the US as the only superpower , it is even more important for countries to stand up and express their views - and to stick by them even when pressured .
Today , many Americans , especially the young , feel far more respect for the countries that recognized the lack of evidence of Iraqi weapons of mass destruction than for those whose leaders repeated the American distortions .
With many countries pondering whether to adopt variants of the Bush plan , the question requires careful examination .
It does lend money to countries to undertake a variety of projects , and to help them through crises -LRB- such as the $ 10 billion it provided to Korea in 1997-1998 -RRB- . It has been , and is , playing a vital role in post-conflict reconstruction around the world .
But the Bank also provides grants and low-interest loans to the poorest countries , particularly for education and health , and advises these countries on development strategies .
It has often joined with the IMF in strong-arming countries into accepting this `` advice '' : unless they do , they will not only be cut off by the IMF and the World Bank , but also by other donors , and capital markets will be discouraged from providing funds .
But , while the G-7 countries , which dominate voting at the Bank , all declare their commitment to democracy and good governance -- and espouse promoting them as one of their central objectives -- there is a yawning gap between what they preach and what they practice .
Indeed , the entire process of choosing these international institutions ' leaders is a historical anachronism that undermines their effectiveness and makes a mockery of the G-7 countries ' commitment to democracy .
It is time that the G-7 countries back up their democratic rhetoric with action .
My research has focused on the consequences of asymmetries in information for the functioning of the economy .
In countries where much of the population lives below subsistence level , buying votes is all too easy .
But the only economic rights the Bush administration recognizes are intellectual property rights , putting the interests of drug companies ahead of those with life threatening diseases , and the free mobility of capital , which has had such devastating effects on many countries .
At one time , it was thought that since developing countries had less capital than more developed countries , merely supplying more capital would solve their problems .
But these policies proved neither necessary nor sufficient for growth ; the countries of East Asia , which followed different policies , achieved faster growth and were far more successful in poverty reduction .
The Bank began to recognize that developing countries differed from more developed countries not just in their lack of resources ; there was also a knowledge gap .
When the US tried to suppress the Bank 's call for a more balanced intellectual property regime -- one more consonant with the interests of developing countries -- the Bank prevailed yet again .
Both the Bush administration and the EU would undoubtedly have preferred less criticism of their trade regimes , which have such adverse effects on developing countries .
It would have been helpful for Bush if the World Bank quietly accepted proposals to finance debt relief for the poorest countries by depleting its reserves , thereby making poor countries pay for the poorest by reducing the Bank 's lending capacity .
Changing the relationship between the Bank and the countries seeking its help was no less of an achievement .
That orthodoxy often went hand in hand with the national , corporate , and financial interests of the advanced industrial countries , or so it was perceived .
Led by Papua New Guinea and Costa Rica , a group of developing countries , a new rainforest coalition has now come forward with an innovative proposal , not only offering to commit to greenhouse-gas limits , but also showing how this can be done in a way that will promote their development .
Developing countries have long provided a vital global public good : maintaining global environmental assets .
By maintaining their rainforests , tropical countries provide an invaluable global service , one for which they have so far failed to be compensated .
At current carbon prices , the value of carbon sequestration by tropical rainforests likely equals or exceeds the current level of international aid being provided to developing countries .
While countries can be compensated for planting forests , they can not be compensated for avoiding deforestation .
Countries like PNG would thus be doubly better off if they cut down their ancient hardwood trees and replanted .
These countries should be given incentives to maintain their forests . -LRB- There are , as always , technical issues to be resolved , concerning monitoring and measurement , but these can be overcome easily with modern technologies . -RRB-
Without such a program , unfortunately , developing countries have neither the means nor incentives to underwrite conservation .
There are some 2.7 billion people in over 60 developing countries that are home to the world 's tropical forests .
What is so impressive about the new rainforest initiative is that it comes from the developing countries themselves ; it represents their creativity and social commitment .
For the first time , developing countries seem willing to undertake the kinds of commitments that Europe , Japan , and the other advanced industrial countries -LRB- except the US -RRB- have made to avoid what could be a global disaster .
Compensating the developing countries for providing these environmental services would be one way of substantially increasing aid -- and at the same time , providing these countries with the right market incentives .
This is an initiative around which all countries can and should rally .
In a world divided -- between rich countries and the poor , between those focusing on environmental protection and those concentrating on growth -- this initiative can unite us all .
Ann Krueger is a respected professor of economics at Stanford , former chief economist at the World Bank , and a person of enormous energy , integrity , and commitment to what she believes is good for developing countries .
Despite the demise of colonialism , candidates from developing countries -- the focus of the IMF 's activities -- need not apply .
So , despite the embarrassment associated with the recent appointment of the current IMF Managing Director Horst Kohler , when the Clinton Administration heavy-handedly vetoed Europe 's first choice for the post , someone with deep experience in developing countries and a new approach to their problems was never seriously considered .
Nor , judging from the World Bank 's practices while she was its chief economist , is there reason to hope for more meaningful participation by developing countries , much less a genuine debate about alternative strategies .
This is all the more tragic today because leaders in most of the developing world are in a better position than ever before to make informed policy decisions that are sensitive to their countries ' local contexts .
The IMF 's approach to the developing world is cut from the same neo-liberal cloth as the World Bank 's , with scant regard for whether they actually fit the situation of the countries they are intended to help .
It presented an opportunity for the Fund to demonstrate that it was ready to move in a new direction , that it was prepared to interact with developing countries in new ways , that the years of the `` Washington Consensus '' would be put in the past .
The write-off of multilateral debt for the world 's poorest countries -- thanks to Britain 's leadership -- is nonetheless especially welcome .
More debt relief -- encompassing more countries and more debt -LRB- including bilateral debt -RRB- -- is needed .
As Britain itself has pointed out , developing countries need more assistance and a fairer international trade regime .
The World Bank , for example , has been allocating more of its money to countries with a proven track record in spending money well .
Countries need to rely on themselves and mobilize domestic resources -LRB- although the IMF frequent insistence on tight monetary and fiscal policies often makes this more difficult . -RRB-
But there continues to be an enormous need for imported goods -- medicines to promote health , technology to reduce the knowledge gap between the developing countries and the rest of the world , and machines to enhance productivity .
Different studies , with slightly different data sets , different countries , different techniques , and different years yield markedly different results .
An earlier set of studies , for instance , showed that aid does make a difference in countries with good governance and sound macro-economic policies .
In countries where governments are deficient , there are often alternative ways of providing assistance , including NGO 's .
Perhaps Bush had hoped that the consequences of global warming would be felt long after he left office -- and would be felt more by poor , low-lying , tropical countries like Bangladesh than by a rich country astride the temperate zones .
Unfortunately , the UN could not prevent the US and other countries from taking actions that almost surely contravene international law .
But if that were the objective , clearly a long list of countries should have been drawn up , and it is hardly certain that Iraq would have come out on top .
Too often , UN peacekeeping missions require passing the hat among the advanced industrial countries , giving them virtual veto power over when , where , and how the UN acts .
Unfortunately , many countries have committed themselves to precisely this illusion , and it may be a long time before they take heed of Greenspan 's most important lesson .
Alternatively , rising interest rates and a downturn in the real estate market could so weaken consumer demand that the economy slips into recession , squeezing exporters in other countries that depend on the US market .
In the future , companies and countries should agree on a simple principle : there should be , to paraphrase President Woodrow Wilson 's memorable words , `` open contracts , openly and transparently arrived at . ''
The Demise of the Development Round Hopes for a development round in world trade -- opening up opportunities for developing countries to grow and reduce poverty -- now seem dashed .
Though crocodile tears may be shed all around , the extent of disappointment needs to be calibrated : Pascal Lamy , the head of the World Trade Organization , had long worked to diminish expectations , so much so that it was clear that whatever emerged would bring , at most , limited benefits to poor countries .
The failure hardly comes as a surprise : The United States and the European Union had long ago reneged on the promises they made in 2001 at Doha to rectify the imbalances of the last round of trade negotiations -- a round so unfair that the world 's poorest countries were actually made worse off .
With 70 % or so of people in developing countries depending directly or indirectly on agriculture , they are the losers under the current regime .
For example , so-called `` escalating tariffs , '' which tax processed goods at a far higher rate than unprocessed products mean that manufacturing tariffs discourage developing countries from undertaking the higher value-added activities that create jobs and boost incomes .
Developing countries can not , and should not , open up their markets fully to America 's agricultural goods unless US subsidies are fully eliminated .
To compete on a level playing field would force these countries to subsidize their farmers , diverting scarce funds that are needed for education , health , and infrastructure .
If markets are opened up , countries should be given the right to countervail American and European subsidies .
At the onset of the development round , most developing countries worried not only that the EU and the US would renege on their promises -LRB- which they have in large part -RRB- , but also that the resulting agreement would once again make them worse off .
There remains one further concern : America has rushed to sign a series of bilateral trade agreements that are even more one-sided and unfair to developing countries , which may prompt Europe and others to do likewise .
Countries that sign these agreements get preferential treatment over all others . But developing countries have little to gain and much to lose by signing these agreements , which almost never deliver the promised benefits .
Making Globalization Work I have written repeatedly about the problems of globalization : an unfair global trade regime that impedes development ; an unstable global financial system that results in recurrent crises , with poor countries repeatedly finding themselves burdened with unsustainable debt ; and a global intellectual property regime that denies access to affordable life-saving drugs , even as AIDS ravages the developing world .
I have also written about globalization 's anomalies : money should flow from rich to poor countries , but in recent years it has been going in the opposite direction .
Growing inequality in the advanced industrial countries was a long-predicted but seldom advertised consequence of globalization .
As a result , the US and others following its example are becoming rich countries with poor people .
But the Scandinavian countries have shown that there is another way .
There is a broad array of policies that can benefit people in both developing and developed countries , thereby providing globalization with the popular legitimacy that it currently lacks .
It is an understandable concern : money that the Bank lends to developing countries that ends up in secret bank accounts or finances some contractors ' luxurious lifestyle leaves a country more indebted , not more prosperous .
You ca n't fight the diversion of small amounts of money by weak and poor countries while ignoring the massive diversion of public resources into private hands of the sort that marked , say , Russia under Boris Yeltsin .
In some countries , overt corruption occurs primarily through campaign contributions that oblige politicians to repay major donors with favors .
Indeed , some countries with large dollar reserves -- hardly in need of World Bank credit -- borrowed from the Bank at far higher interest rates than they were getting from the United States , believing that these procedures would help ensure high-quality projects free of corruption and become standard in other areas .
Finally , while developing countries must take responsibility for rooting out corruption , there is much that the West can do to help .
Indeed , one reason for the so called `` natural resource curse '' - -- the fact that resource-rich countries do not , on average , do as well as resource-poor countries -- is the prevalence of corruption , too often aided and abetted by companies that would like to get the resources they sell at discount prices .
Some critics worry about corruption in the corruption agenda itself : that the fight will be used as a `` cover '' for cutting aid to countries that displease the US administration .
The Tyranny of King Cotton Americans like to think that if poor countries simply open up their markets , greater prosperity will follow .
Indeed , it is America 's own agricultural subsidies that helped kill , at least for now , the so-called Doha Development Round of trade negotiations that were supposed to give poor countries new opportunities to enhance their growth .
America and other advanced countries are the real losers from the demise of the Doha Round .
Americans would have been better off as consumers , too , with increased access to a variety of low-cost goods from poor countries .
The advanced countries might mean Bangladesh and the disappearing island states no harm , but no war could be more devastating .
The US subsidizes corn-based ethanol , and imposes tariffs on sugar-based ethanol ; hidden in the tax code are billions of dollars of subsidies to the oil and gas industries .
The weight of evidence indicates that the cost of undoing the mistake of pushing unemployment down too far is itself very low , at least for countries like the US , where the relationship has been carefully studied .
The 1997-98 global crises were merely the most recent manifestation of the financial crises that have plagued capitalism forever -- and capital and financial market liberalization combined with globalized capital markets have , if anything , created increased vulnerability , especially in small countries .
These SDR 's could be used to pursue global interests -- from helping poor countries to improving the global environment .
The Clinton administration had called for bold action as far back as 1993 , proposing what was in effect a tax on carbon emissions ; but an alliance of polluters , led by the coal , oil , and auto industries beat back this initiative .
But a closer look at what he is doing , and not doing , shows clearly that he has mostly heard the call of his campaign contributors from the oil and coal industries , and that he has once again put their interests over the global interest in reducing emissions .
But claims by Bush that America can not afford to do anything about global warming ring hollow : other advanced industrial countries with comparable standards of living emit only a fraction of what the US emits per dollar of GDP .
Some in Europe worry that stringent action on global warming may be counterproductive : energy-intensive industries may simply move to the US or other countries that pay little attention to emissions .
A striking fact about climate change is that there is little overlap between the countries that are most vulnerable to its effects -- mainly poor countries in the South that can ill afford to deal with the consequences -- and the countries , like the US , that are the largest polluters .
But it left out a majority of the sources of emissions , and unless something is done to include the US and the developing countries in a meaningful way , it will be little more than a symbolic gesture .
This `` coalition of the willing '' could agree to certain basic standards : to forego building coal-fired plants , increase automobiles ' fuel efficiency , and provide targeted assistance to developing countries to enhance their energy efficiency and reduce emissions .
They could then agree to impose taxes on products from other countries -- including the US -- that are produced in ways that unnecessarily add substantially to global warming .
But , despite the high price they pay , developing countries get little in return .
Especially when it comes to diseases in developing countries , it would make sense for some of the prize money to come from foreign assistance budgets , as few contributions could do more to improve the quality of life , and even productivity , than attacking the debilitating diseases that are so prevalent in many developing countries .
Here , too , Europe has led the way , providing more assistance to developing countries than anyone else -LRB- and at a markedly higher fraction of its GDP than the US -RRB- .
The EU demonstrated that sense powerfully by its assistance to Europe 's post-Communist countries .
The transition from Communism to the market has not been easy , but Europe 's unprecedented generosity has paid off : the countries that have joined the EU have outperformed all the others , and not just because of access to Europe 's markets .
While economic integration helped achieve a broader set of goals in Europe , elsewhere , economic globalization has contributed to widening the divide between rich and poor within countries and between rich and poor countries .
China recognized that it could not simply transfer economic institutions that had worked in other countries ; at the least , what succeeded elsewhere had to be adapted to the unique problems confronting China .
Equally interesting , China is attempting to move away from the export-led growth strategy that it and other East Asian countries have pursued .
Even countries seemingly committed to competitive markets do n't like being beaten at their own game , and often trump up charges of `` unfair competition . ''
An increasingly prosperous China has not only expanded imports from other countries , but is also providing goods that have kept prices lower in the West , despite sharply higher oil prices in recent years .
There was a push to give money to Iraq -- a country rife with corruption -- while other countries were accused of corruption without adequate hard evidence or specific details .
Do you believe that the president of the World Bank should put the interests of developing countries first ?
Will you advocate a development round that emphasizes liberalization of labor markets more than capital markets , elimination of non-tariff barriers that keep developing countries ' goods out of advanced industrial countries , and abolition of so-called `` escalating tariffs , '' which impede development ?
Will you be open to research even when that research shows that policies of the advanced industrial countries may , at least in some circumstances , not be in the interests of developing countries ?
We encouraged research-based policies , even when that research was critical of policies being pushed by certain advanced industrial countries and by some in the Bank .
When our research showed that certain policies -LRB- like agricultural subsidies -RRB- were hurting developing countries , we publicized the findings , helping to redefine the debate .
Will you support the initiative of developing countries to have a development-oriented intellectual property regime ?
What separates developing countries from developed countries is not only the gap in resources , but also a gap in knowledge .
The Bank should be viewed , in part , as a Knowledge Bank , and it should advocate reforms that enhance developing countries ' access to knowledge .
Access to generic medicines is essential if developing countries , with their limited budgets , are to improve the health of the poor .
Any candidate claiming to represent the interests of developing countries must distance himself from these policies .
Will you work to redefine the criteria by which countries get access to funds ?
Today , money goes to countries that are neither most in need nor can most effectively use it .
Do you think countries that are corrupt should be cut off from funding ?
One of the flaws of Wolfowitz 's anti-corruption agenda that expansion or continuation of aid for countries favored by the Bush administration , like Iraq or Pakistan , was pushed , regardless of how corrupt they were , while there was little tolerance elsewhere .
Do you think the World Bank should do more to encourage countries to adopt core labor standards ?
Some similarities exist between the situation then and today : before the 1997 crisis , there had been rapid increases in capital flows from developed to developing countries -- a six-fold increase in six years .
Before the crisis , some thought risk premia for developing countries were irrationally low .
But when developing countries pointed their fingers at secret bank accounts and hedge funds , IMF and US enthusiasm for greater transparency diminished .
Most developing countries have accumulated massive foreign currency reserves .
They learned the hard way what happens to countries otherwise , as the IMF and US Treasury marched in , took away economic sovereignty and demanded policies intended to enhance repayment to Western creditors , which plunged their economies into deep recessions and depressions .
This growth in reserves , while providing insurance to developing countries , created a new source of global volatility .
Developing countries have also increasingly borrowed in their own currencies during the last few years , thus reducing their foreign exchange exposure .
For those developing countries that remain heavily indebted abroad , an increase in risk premia would almost certainly bring economic turmoil , if not crisis .
But the fact that so many countries hold large reserves means that the likelihood of the problem spreading into a global financial crisis is greatly reduced .
The first is that capital market liberalization -- opening up developing countries ' financial markets to surges in short-term `` hot '' money -- is dangerous .
It was not an accident that the only two major developing countries to be spared a crisis were India and China .
The second lesson is that in a highly integrated world , there is a need for a credible international financial institution to design the rules of the road in ways that enhance global stability and promote economic growth in developing countries .
At independence , Malaysia was one of the poorest countries in the world .
Malaysia is rich in natural resources . But , with few exceptions , such countries are afflicted with the so-called `` natural resource curse '' : countries with an abundance of resources not only do not do as well as expected , but actually do worse than countries without such benefits .
While natural resource wealth should make it easier to create a more equalitarian society , countries with more resources , on average , are marked by greater inequality .
Moreover , Malaysia 's multiracial , multi-cultural society made it more vulnerable to civil strife , which has occurred in many other resource-rich countries , as one group tried to seize the wealth for itself .
In many cases , minorities work hard to garner the fruits of this wealth for themselves , at the expense of the majority -- Bolivia , one of the many rich countries with poor people , comes to mind .
And Malaysia had a third strike against it : for all the talk of the `` white man 's burden , '' the European powers did little to improve living standards in the countries they ruled .
Malaysia wisely took an alternative course , looking instead to the highly successful countries of East Asia .
Most tellingly , during the financial crisis of 1997 , it did not adopt IMF policies -- and as a result had the shortest and shallowest downturn of any of the afflicted countries .
While the US Treasury and the IMF warned East Asian countries facing financial crises ten years ago against the risks of bail-outs and told them not to raise their interest rates , the US ignored its own lectures about moral hazard effects , bought up billions in mortgages , and lowered interest rates .
Eventually , it became a global financial crisis , embroiling Russia and Latin American countries , such as Brazil , and unleashing forces that played out over the ensuing years : Argentina in 2001 may be counted as among its victims .
There were many other innocent victims , including countries that had not even engaged in the international capital flows that were at the root of the crisis .
Indeed , Laos was among the worst-affected countries .
This summer and fall , I revisited many of the affected countries , including Malaysia , Laos , Thailand , and Indonesia .
These countries are now growing at 5 % or 6 % or more -- not quite as fast as in the days of the East Asia miracle , but far more rapidly than many thought possible in the aftermath of the crisis .
Many countries changed their policies , but in directions markedly different from the reforms that the IMF had urged .
As countries emerged , many placed a new emphasis on `` harmony , '' in an effort to redress the growing divide between rich and poor , urban and rural .
It is therefore ironic to see the US Treasury Secretary once again pushing for capital market liberalization in India -- one of the two major developing countries -LRB- along with China -RRB- to emerge unscathed from the 1997 crisis .
It is no accident that these countries that had not fully liberalized their capital markets have done so well .
East Asian countries were told to raise their interest rates , in some cases to 25 % , 40 % , or higher , causing a rash of defaults .
Similarly , the countries caught up in the East Asia crisis were lectured on the need for greater transparency and better regulation .
But , while the current system may lead to unnecessary instability , and impose huge costs on developing countries , it serves some interests well .
The Kyoto Protocol was a major achievement , yet it left out 75 % of the sources of emissions : the US , the largest polluter , refused to sign . -LRB- With Australia 's new government now having signed the Protocol , America is now the sole holdout among the advanced industrial countries . -RRB-
No requirements were put on developing countries , yet within the not-too-distant future , they will contribute half or more of emissions .
One concrete action that should be taken at Bali is support for the initiative of the Rainforest Coalition , a group of developing countries that want help to maintain their forests . These countries are providing environmental services for which they have not been compensated .
These include , first , that solutions to global warming require the participation of all countries . Second , there can be no free riders , so trade sanctions -- the only effective sanctions that the international community currently has -- can and should be imposed on those not going along .
The problem with the Kyoto system is assigning caps that will be acceptable to developed and developing countries .
Kyoto 's underlying principle -- that countries that emitted more in 1990 are allowed to emit more in the future -- is unacceptable to developing countries , as is granting greater emission rights to countries with a higher GDP .
But adopting this principle would entail such huge payments from developed countries to developing countries , that , regrettably , the former are unlikely to accept it .
Of course , polluting industries like the cap-and-trade system .
With developing countries standing to lose even more than developed countries if nothing is done about global warming , many believe they can be cajoled , threatened , or induced to be part of a global agreement .
Developed countries need only figure out the minimum price they have to pay developing countries to go along .
But developing countries worry that a new global agreement on emissions , like so many other international agreements , will leave them in a disadvantageous position .
Flourishing democracies in many developing countries mean that their citizens demand fair treatment .
In the 1970 's , oil shocks led to inflation in some countries , and to recession elsewhere , as governments raised interest rates to combat rising prices .
Combined with increasing demand from those with higher incomes and lower supplies due to weather-related problems associated with climate change , this means high food prices -- a lethal threat to developing countries .
For those who think that a well-managed globalization has the potential to benefit both developed and developing countries , and who believe in global social justice and the importance of democracy -LRB- and the vibrant middle class that supports it -RRB- , all of this is bad news .
The real engines of global growth in recent years have been developing countries .
When unemployment rates in Iraq soared to 60 % , hiring Iraqis would have made sense ; but the contractors preferred to import cheap labor from Nepal , Philippines , and other countries .
Moreover , this war has been funded differently from any other war in America 's history -- perhaps in any country 's recent history . Normally , countries ask for shared sacrifice , as they ask their young men and women to risk their lives .
After monetarism was discredited -- at great cost to those countries that succumbed to it -- the quest began for a new mantra .
Developing countries currently face higher rates of inflation not because of poorer macro-management , but because oil and food prices are soaring , and these items represent a much larger share of the average household budget than in rich countries .
Does that mean that these developing countries should raise their interest rates far more than the US ?
Inflation in these countries is , for the most part , imported .
Indeed , given the size of the US economy , a slowdown there might conceivably have a far bigger effect on global prices than a slowdown in any developing country , which suggests that , from a global perspective , US interest rates , not those in developing countries , should be raised .
So long as developing countries remain integrated into the global economy -- and do not take measures to restrain the impact of international prices on domestic prices -- domestic prices of rice and other grains are bound to rise markedly when international prices do .
Riots and protests in some developing countries are just the worst manifestation of this .
When it comes to agriculture , developed countries , such as the US and European Union members , insulate both consumers and farmers from these risks .
But most developing countries do not have the institutional structures , or the resources , to do likewise .
In addition , some of the billions spent to subsidize Western farmers should now be spent to help poorer developing countries meet their basic food and energy needs .
Most importantly , both developing and developed countries need to abandon inflation targeting .
Nonetheless , where firms or industries are particularly vulnerable to reputational issues , image and ethics could be a significant factor in more marginal business decisions -LRB- particularly with rising costs and tougher labor regulations already causing some firms to look elsewhere -RRB- .
Confronting Fear WASHINGTON , DC -- Even as the squeeze in interbank lending has started to ease after the rescue of financial systems across the advanced countries , falling economic indicators have sent stock markets tumbling .
Pressures on emerging-market countries , which were once thought by many to have `` decoupled '' from the rest of the world , have intensified as foreign loans are called in and assets sold off .
With fear gripping consumers , companies , and countries worldwide , talk has turned from a moderate advanced-country recession to a major world depression .
The provision of liquidity , the recapitalization of banks , more uniform deposit insurance across the advanced countries -- these were all correct and necessary measures .
In the advanced countries , the fall in asset values and , more generally , fear of what comes next has shattered consumer and business confidence .
Monetary policy can be used in countries where interest rates remain high , but its effectiveness in a credit squeeze is likely to be limited .
But , given where we are , the benefits exceed the costs in countries with sustainable debt .
Emerging-market countries face an additional problem .
Ironically , the measures being taken to resolve the crisis in advanced countries are making it more attractive to bring money home , making life harder for emerging-market countries .
In order to shore up their financial systems and overall demand , emerging-market countries must be ready to take actions similar to those pursued by the advanced countries .
But the recent prosperity of many of these countries has come from access to global capital .
A sudden stop to such flows is a severe blow and raises special challenges that can not be solved by these countries alone .
So the advanced countries must be ready to provide the required financing , and to do so on an unprecedented scale .
The alternative is the prospect of widespread debt default , banking controls , and protectionism -- an outcome that would set back these countries , and the global economy as a whole , for years to come .
But , given the scale of capital flows , I am also urging the governments and central banks of the advanced countries to provide parallel financing to the IMF 's crisis-response programs .
I also am convinced of the need to find ways to bring into play the resources of countries with large reserves .
We must also think ahead -- especially in regard to low-income countries in Africa .
Because of their limited participation in international financial markets , these countries have , so far , been somewhat shielded from the storm .
Many low-income countries will suffer from the decline in commodity prices .
It may be too late to avoid a recession in the advanced countries and a slowdown in emerging and low-income countries .
But the impact on poor countries is far more severe .
The combination of tighter credit conditions in the advanced economies and dimmer economic prospects in low-income countries is hitting investment flows .
And workers ' remittances , which now eclipse aid as the biggest financial flows to low-income countries , are also falling .
Many African countries have used the past decade to put in place sound and sustainable economic policies that have delivered robust growth and low inflation .
Clearly , the responsibility to implement sound economic policies rests with African countries themselves .
· First , while there may be scope for fiscal stimulus in some countries , in many countries it is limited ; hence , the region as a whole must protect its hard-won low level of public debt .
We have increased our financing to the countries most heavily affected by food and fuel shocks .
And we stand ready to provide additional support -- including under a new financing mechanism for countries hit by exogenous shocks -- to help those whom the global financial crisis has affected most severely .
We must also ensure that solutions for strengthening financial stability and avoiding future turmoil -- the focus of April 's G-20 summit -- are discussed with all countries concerned .
The IMF 's Lending Overhaul The International Monetary Fund should be an essential port of call for emerging-market and developing countries facing financing needs .
With our members ' support , we are implementing important reforms to our lending policies that will encourage countries to approach the IMF early on , before crises become severe and almost intractable .
A new Flexible Credit Line makes high-volume financing available -- even before a crisis has struck -- without any ex post policy conditionality to qualifying countries with strong economic fundamentals and policy frameworks .
Some observers have dubbed the new facility `` EZ loan , '' though few countries meeting the qualifying criteria would consider their policy achievements -- and their commitment to maintaining that record -- anything but `` easy . ''
The IMF has already moved quickly to help many of our member countries in this time of crisis , including by protecting social spending in order to cushion the impact of the crisis on the most vulnerable .
The lending reforms adopted this week will enable us to be even more flexible and responsive in assisting even more countries .
Still in the pipeline are initiatives to increase concessional lending to low-income countries hit by the crisis , to strengthen the Fund 's surveillance and early warning capacity , and to improve its governance structure in ways that recognize the larger role of emerging-market countries in the world economy .
But , as the Great Moderation metastasized into the Great Recession , fatal flaws in conventional thinking came to light . One of the most notable was just how poorly we grasped the linkages between the financial system and the broader economy -- as well as the linkages between countries .
Equally important is the realization that by working together , we can build a more successful and more stable global economy , for the benefit of all countries .
At the global level , it requires a better distribution of growth across countries , in order to prevent destabilizing imbalances .
For fiscal policy , the crisis showed the value of maintaining low public debt and deficits during good times : countries with healthier public finances have more space to cushion the economic impact of crises .
In the years leading up to the crisis , inequality rose in many countries , with worrisome consequences for social cohesion .
Gaining a better appreciation of the financial linkages between countries is also important .
During the crisis , we saw how quickly capital fled from countries previously considered safe bets . Today , many of these countries are reeling from a veritable tsunami of returning money .
Policymakers in many emerging-market countries worry that surging capital inflows will drive up the value of the local currency , destabilize financial markets , and fuel economic overheating .
Just as a family backstops its savings with insurance , countries should be able to tap into a global financial safety net .
In fact , whereas Erdo?an recently visited many Middle East countries -- Syria , Lebanon , Egypt , Algeria , Jordan , Saudi Arabia , Iran , and Iraq -- until this month , he had not been to Brussels since 2005 .
Erdo?an 's ruling AKP traces its roots to political Islam , and many of its leaders ' social networks are in Islamic countries -- in stark contrast to the secular style of Turkey 's previous leaders , who proudly displayed their Western identity .
It also emphasized how weakly regulated , closely interconnected global financial markets , together with persistent global macroeconomic imbalances , jeopardize growth and development prospects in the world economy , including poorer countries .
For the past five years , the US has been sucking in more than $ 2 billion a day of other countries ' savings , as the easy provision of domestic credit on an unprecedented scale has allowed households to spend more than they earn .
Robust exports from Japan and Europe supported economic recovery and steadied investor confidence , providing , in turn , further export opportunities for newly industrializing countries , most notably China .
Even many of the poorest countries seemed , at long last , to be joining in , posting strong growth on the back of rising energy and raw material prices , renewed mining investments from abroad , and increasing fiscal revenues .
While there has been some progress on harmonizing standards and extending surveillance , there has been far too much emphasis on strengthening governance in developing countries and not enough on systemic problems linked to unregulated private capital flows .
Rather , deficit countries need to export their way back to balance , while imports should increase in surplus countries .
Moreover , productive investments are needed in the poorest countries to resume or sustain economic development .
Evidently , the global economy 's growth in recent decades -- including the last half-decade when many developing countries did quite well -- has not created enough good jobs .
Beyond the rising number of unemployed and underemployed , conditions for many of the employed have been deteriorating as well in most countries , especially for workers with little education and few skills .
At the international level , cooperation and coordination among countries are needed to counteract the pressures of the current `` race to the bottom '' in the global competition for investment and markets .
At the national level , reform of social protection systems in developed countries , and the expansion of such systems in developing countries , should seek to ensure greater economic security as well as labor flexibility .
The problem is that , having neglected food security and the productive sectors of their economies for several decades , many developing countries ' governments now lack the fiscal capacity to increase public spending in order to increase food production and agricultural productivity .
Meanwhile , rich countries ' agricultural subsidies and tariffs have undoubtedly undermined food production in developing countries .
However , cutting farm subsidies will increase food prices , at least initially , while reducing agricultural tariffs alone will not necessarily lead to an increase in food production in poor countries without complementary support .
Instead , some food security advocates have called for rich countries to compensate for the adverse consequences of their own agricultural subsidies and protectionism by providing additional foreign aid to the developing world , targeting production efforts that enhance food security .
To avoid catastrophe , the world community must also meet the urgent emergency food and planting requirements mentioned above , including more generous budget and balance-of-payments support for low-income food-importing countries .
Governments in rich countries are beginning to spell out just what that will mean in terms of policy and lifestyle changes and the investments required to develop clean energy sources .
Globally , more than 30 million tons of oil equivalent are consumed in the form of primary energy every day , equivalent to 55 kilowatt hours per person per day , with rich countries , on average , consuming more than twice that figure .
For many developing countries , the figure is well under 20 kwh ; China is still well below the global average , and even most emerging markets consume less than one-third of the average in many advanced economies .
Spending $ 10 per day on energy services would , for example , exhaust the per capita incomes of countries such as Angola , Ecuador , and Macedonia .
Policy makers in developing countries are concerned that being forced to go down this path could put modern energy services beyond the reach of poor countries , families , and communities .
So far , rich countries have not risen to the challenge ; despite commitments made at Kyoto , Bali , and elsewhere , the resources committed for climate-change mitigation -- let alone adaptation -- in developing countries have been paltry and poorly targeted .
Inequality appears to have been on the rise in recent decades at the international level and in most countries .
More than 80 % of the world 's population live in countries where income differentials are widening .
Countries were advised to abandon their national development strategies in favor of globalization , market liberalization , and privatization .
Instead of producing sustained rapid growth and economic stability , such policies made countries more vulnerable to the power of the rich and the vagaries of international finance and global instability , which has become more frequent and severe due to deregulation .
More worryingly , Basel 3 retains , if not deepens , biases in the Basel 2 rules against bank lending to developing countries , such as for trade finance .
With the G-7 struggling and emerging-market countries expected to support , if not lead , global recovery , that is an astonishingly short-sighted decision .
That has not stopped pundits and the media from exaggerating such fears , distracting from greater efforts to overcome protracted stagnation for much of the developed world , which will inevitably drag down economic recovery elsewhere , especially in developing countries .
Likewise , while Japan has the highest debt-to-GDP ratio among rich countries , this is not a serious problem because the debt is domestically held .
High public debt is also being invoked in support of fiscal austerity in many developed countries .
Most major countries ' fiscal deficits nowadays reflect the recent collapse of tax revenues that followed the growth downturn , as well as very costly financial-sector bailouts .
Another distraction is exaggerating the threat of inflation . Recent inflation in many countries has been the result of higher commodity prices , especially fuel and food prices .
Growing income inequality in most countries before the Great Recession only made matters worse , by reducing household savings and increasing credit for consumption and asset purchases , rather than augmenting investment in new economic capacity .
Policies that help train the next generation of North Africans , and allow them to circulate more freely between Europe and their home countries , are a much smarter solution than the current approach , which sustains illegal migration without meeting Europe 's labor needs . This is an argument not for more migration , but for better migration -- well thought out and planned .
As those countries prospered , the émigrés returned home : their countries eventually became engines of European growth , and major export markets for Germany , France , and other EU member states .
The Global Forum has done its job by generating and fostering ideas that can make migration benefit the development of countries of origin and destination .
The EU spent 9billion euros between 1999 and 2002 to prepare Central European and Baltic candidate countries for membership - 10 times the amount it spent on Central Asia 's impoverished non-candidate countries .
It is in the EU 's economic and security interests to extend that generosity further eastward to assist the development of stable market-economies in Central Asia , the Caucasus and other CIS countries .
Foreign direct investment in 1991-2001 averaged $ 1,400 per capita in the eight former communist EU candidate countries .
Let me add another : Western assistance to EU non-candidate countries is neither comprehensive nor systematic .
These countries never experienced modern market arrangements .
President Bush wants Congress to fund $ 5 billion of assistance over three years to the world 's poorest countries .
Foreign ministers of the 55-nation Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe -LRB- OSCE -RRB- decided last month in Porto to develop a new strategy for economic and environmental co-operation in the Euro-Atlantic area so as to address security threats resulting from the growing inequalities between countries of this region .
The EU 's technical capacity , which has been preoccupied by enlargement , could be redirected towards assistance for the non-candidate countries of Euro-Asia .
Current EU members and successful candidate countries could make available large-scale training programs in market-relevant disciplines for the young generation in CIS countries ;
The OSCE , with field offices in all the countries concerned , could play a useful role here .
Similar differences between Italy and other European countries appeared in a `` Eurobarometer '' survey carried out in the early 1990s .
Many `` outsiders '' supported right-wing populist parties in the latest elections ; their votes are critical for the survival of the new center-right governments in many European countries .
Of course , most European countries need to rethink the foundations of their welfare state .
Since the new information technologies are easily available in all advanced countries , one would think that productivity would have accelerated everywhere , not just in the US .
Towards the end of the 1990 's , the large EU countries encouraged employment of less qualified workers through temporary work contracts .
With regard to IT production , the large EU countries lag far behind the US .
It is no coincidence that the only European countries with fast productivity growth in the second half of the 1990 's were Ireland , Finland , and Sweden , where IT production accounts for a large share of aggregate output and employment .
If this interpretation is correct , the contrast between the dynamism of the US and the small countries in Northern Europe on the one hand , and the stagnation of the large EU countries on the other hand , is likely to become starker .
Representatives of 16 countries -- Austria , Ireland , Portugal , the three Scandinavian countries , and the ten states that will join the EU in May 2004 -- submitted a proposal , in the form of a declaration , that calls for preserving the EU 's current delicate institutional balance .
An electoral college would allocate seats to each country in proportion to its population , and each candidate would receive electoral college votes proportional to the vote taken in that country , either by universal suffrage or in the national parliament . This would force presidential candidates to campaign with equal energy in all countries .
Countries should be given the option of allocating their electoral college votes via either universal suffrage or a vote in the national parliament .
The volume of private and public R&D spending is one of the lowest among industrial countries .
As a result , Italy is receiving immigrants with relatively low skills , while many of its most productive young graduates emigrate to the US , the UK , or other European countries .
Indeed , with the main exception of France , the euro does not seem to have been a blessing for the countries that adopted it .
When asked , `` What does the EU mean to you personally , '' 50 % of citizens in the 15 countries that were EU members before enlargement in May 2004 say `` the euro '' -- the second most common response -LRB- just behind `` the ability to travel , study , and work anywhere in the EU '' -RRB- .
The countries that adopted the euro had poor labor-market institutions , bloated pension systems , high taxes on labor income , and inefficient service sectors in the late 1990 's , and they still do now .
The more fundamental problem with the euro is that its adoption has not pushed countries to address these underlying deficiencies .
It was expected that full integration of product and financial markets would expose inefficiencies , steering investment flows away from laggards towards the more efficient countries .
The US administration is determined to consolidate political freedoms in many developing countries under its sphere of influence ; indeed , expansion of democracy has become a cornerstone of American foreign policy .
After all , is it not true that virtually all rich countries have democratic forms of government , while the poorest countries -LRB- mainly in Africa -RRB- are non-democracies ?
Countries that become democracies do not , on average , achieve faster economic growth after their political transition ; and , vice versa , democracies that fail and relapse into autocracy do not , on average , do worse than before .
The positive correlation between income and democracy that one sees across countries could be due to reverse causation : democracy is more likely to persist as a country grows richer .
During the period from 1980 to 2000 , only two OECD countries , Germany and Greece , recorded slower growth in income per capita than France .
According to opinion polls collected in many countries by the World Value Surveys in 1999-2000 , the French on average fear income inequality much more than citizens of other industrial countries .
Compared to other countries at about the same level of development , France stands out as being highly suspicious of the benefits of competition -LRB- only Belgium fares slightly worse in this regard -RRB- .
Violent riots by immigrants and ethnic minorities have taken place in other countries as well , from London to Los Angeles .
Now other European Union countries seem under threat , and the EU and the International Monetary Fund are grappling to stem the crisis before another nation trembles .
One possibility is an increase in the consumption tax , which currently stands at 5 % -- low in comparison with other industrialized countries .
Once that happens , the impact on neighboring countries -- and on the world economy -- will be huge compared to the current European problem .
In some countries , lower military expenditures and interest rates has helped to improve a weak fiscal position .
Most Asian countries are recovering strongly from the global recession that set in following the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008 .
Neighboring countries , like South Korea and Singapore , also are recording very high rates of growth .
So the future in Asia now appears to belong to China , whose economic growth supports that of neighboring countries -- and whose mercantilism is prevailing in the region .
In order to compete with China 's export-boosting public-private schemes , other Asian countries are now pursuing similar policies .
Although Chinese GDP is large and growing , its per capita income is still low , and its economic policies differ sharply from those prevailing in the region 's OECD countries .
Even so , Chinese policy choices significantly influence other Asian countries , with China 's `` state capitalist '' economic model now being mimicked elsewhere in the region .
Now , however , these countries are once again espousing forms of state capitalism and a return to industrial policy -LRB- encouraged as well by the 2008 global financial meltdown , which gave a new rationale for a return to government intervention -RRB- .
Similarly , while many Asian countries already have sovereign wealth funds , now South Korea 's government is establishing a new type of fund to support the construction sector 's export activities .
Countries are especially seeking to strengthen their infrastructure exports through a combination of public - and private-sector activity .
It is a role that will fall to Japan for Asian-Pacific issues , but to European countries on global issues .
In terms of international relations , however , the disaster could improve Japan 's bilateral ties with influential countries .
For example , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and South Korean President Lee Myung-bak met with outgoing Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan in Fukushima , near the damaged plant -- helping to ease neighboring countries ' concerns about radiation leakage .
The problem of how to wean these countries off this addiction seems to be insurmountable .
For the `` Dutch disease '' and a rentier spirit prevail in WANA , and have affected oil-producing and non-oil-producing countries , ranging from migrant workers ' remittances and financial investment flows from the oil countries -LRB- mainly into real estate -RRB- to stock-exchange bubbles and foreign aid .
A side-effect of this has been the widening of income gaps , both within and between the WANA countries .
A recent study by India 's Strategic Foresight Group entitled The Cost of Conflict in the Middle East suggested that the past 20 years of conflict have cost WANA countries some $ 12 trillion .
As a result , many countries have established sovereign wealth funds to invest their surpluses in international markets .
Indeed , funds for `` needy countries '' may never reach the neediest of individuals , such as internally displaced or stateless persons , because no one takes responsibility for them .
The silver lining is that the absence of a modern industrial base means that , unlike more developed economies , WANA has no ailing industries to rescue .
But Brazil 's President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , perhaps fearing the infamous `` resource curse '' that has blighted the development of so many countries blessed with mineral wealth , is determined that the new oil wealth not be turned into `` nonsense . ''
It thinks it is essential to locate refineries , industries , and additional energy-generating units in parts of the country that are both suited for such development and in need of it .
Only last year the two countries commemorated the 50
-LRB- They are strongly opposed by Holland , the Scandinavian countries , and the former Communist countries of Eastern Europe , which are familiar with communist repression . -RRB-
Kazakhstan 's historical ties to Russia and its geographical proximity to China have caused a keen competition between those two countries for influence .
Kazakhstan had lobbied for years for this opportunity in the face of fierce opposition from Britain and other EU countries .
The country 's southwest edge is on the same longitude as the countries of the south Caucasus and Turkey , all of which are already ENP countries or in the case of Turkey an EU candidate .
Kazakhstan already plays a key role in the Shanghai Cooperation Organization -LRB- SCO -RRB- , a group that comprises Central Asian countries , along with Russia and China .
The small number of countries that recognize Taiwan diplomatically is dwindling constantly , owing to a mixture of Chinese pressure and blandishments .
For the record , there are clear precedents for divided countries to enter the UN as separate states and then eventually to reunify : West and East Germany , North and South Yemen , and perhaps one day the two Koreas .
The new electoral register was more robust than in many Western countries , with a photo ID picture alongside each elector .
Bangladesh is in a better position to weather the global financial storm than most Asian countries , because its banks are not over-exposed and its garment industry focuses on the lower end of the market , which , so far , appears to be holding up .
Unlike many developing countries , it will welcome foreign observers to oversee the elections , though , unfortunately , most Western countries and agencies will stay away , lest their presence be seen as legitimizing Somaliland 's de facto government .
In this brief period , 35 countries , including Egypt , Israel , and the five Permanent Members of the Security Council , recognized Somaliland diplomatically -LRB- interestingly , Israel was the first to do so -RRB- .
For example , the countries that were consigned by Roosevelt and Churchill to Stalin 's un-tender mercies are now mostly part of the European Union .
An independent South Sudan would force the West to confront established orthodoxies about Africa , in particular the belief that countries like Somalia and Nigeria are more stable whole than they would be in two or more constituent parts .
To its credit -- albeit under pressure from donor countries -- the Bengali authorities seem to sense that their country is drifting toward becoming a failed state and are making greater efforts to arrest Islamist killers , despite some of them being part of the ruling coalition .
India has opened up its economy to world trade and started to privatize many of its state-owned industries -LRB- albeit often too slowly -RRB- .
The global economy is not a zero-sum game , and the challenge for European politicians will be to explain this to EU members , particularly countries like France that are resistant to globalization and keen on building a `` Fortress Europe . ''
The trouble with Berlusconi is that the corporate empire that he owns , which ranges from media and publishing to insurance and advertising , can conceivably affect key foreign-policy issues . And when sensitive questions like immigration and energy security are in play , his government 's foreign policy can have an impact on other countries ' citizens , too .
They express concern at the `` frequently non-transparent '' business dealings between the two countries , and allege that many of Berlusconi 's `` business cronies '' are deeply involved in Russia 's energy strategy .
COPENHAGEN -- The European Commission recently unveiled long-awaited measures to bring neighboring countries in the Mediterranean and the former Soviet Union closer to Europe .
By contrast , the proposed restrictions on the visa-waiver program include `` safeguard clauses '' that would temporarily suspend access to Europe 's Schengen area , most likely for those from Balkan countries .
As election campaigns beckon in some of the countries that are now debating immigration controls , this trend is unlikely to be reversed any time soon .
Once a corrupt regime is removed , the road ahead often proves bumpy , as has been true in all of the countries affected by the Arab Awakening .
COPENHAGEN -- Is the European Union 's supposed `` democratic deficit '' now spreading to individual European countries in the wake of the sovereign-debt crisis ?
Contrary to the ranting of Euroskeptic politicians in Britain and , increasingly , in eurozone member countries , the growing disenchantment of voters with politics reflects the distance that has grown between promises and results , not the distance between EU officials and member states ' citizens .
The EU 's bureaucracy played a key part in helping those countries to navigate the complex transition from socialist autocracy to capitalist democracy .
But their success in applying technical standards to countries seeking EU membership earned them huge legitimacy .
The US should begin to work with these countries not only on this matter , but also on the elections that Myanmar military junta has promised for 2010 .
Rather than debate with her counterparts , Clinton needs to ensure that other countries in the six-party framework , especially China and South Korea , are on the same page as the US .
In China , for example , Clinton successfully established an agenda for the two countries to work together on climate change .
Moreover , some ASEAN member countries , like Singapore , have explicitly called for Aung San Suu Kyi to be allowed to participate in the 2010 elections .
Even if , like an orchestra , different countries use different instruments and play different notes , the main theme must be consistent .
At the ASEAN summit , the 10 Southeast Asian leaders met counterparts from China , Japan , and South Korea . These 13 countries then met again with India , Australia , and New Zealand .
ASEAN has been the hub for Asian regionalism , but some in Australia have proposed focusing only on the larger countries .
But the US must also engage in a more multilateral way to include Southeast Asia 's smaller countries .
These leaders ' departure from office reflected their countries ' internal politics , and their successors will focus more on declining support at home than on regional ambitions .
Building on the ASEAN defense ministers ' meeting , a formal dialogue between the defense ministers of eight key countries -- China , Japan , South Korea , India , Australia , New Zealand , Russia , and the US -- will run in parallel with the ARF .
In some ways , much less is at stake in building a new democratic community out of the already free and prosperous European countries .
If you reply that the girls who want to wear headscarves to school are n't living in Nigeria or Saudi Arabia , and almost certainly do n't share the extreme Wahhabi views found in those countries , you will be met with a look of almost indulgent pity , a look of the type reserved for the terminally naïve .
Growing demand for raw materials , owing to sharply increased industrial growth in Asia , particularly China and India , has benefited the terms of trade of many Latin American countries , and this is not expected to end anytime soon .
Countries such as Brazil and Argentina paid off their loans to the IMF ahead of time , while others are buying up their own debt in secondary markets .
Even so , the danger of fiscal deficits and inflation persist in several countries .
As a result , the new generation of leaders can not introduce drastic structural reforms , badly needed in several countries , in a way that jeopardizes macroeconomic stability -- without which none of their promises can be fulfilled .
Only one Latin American country -LRB- Haiti -RRB- appears in the group of low HDI countries , while the rest are in the medium and high HDI groups .
Of the 30 Latin American countries included in this year 's report , only one-third have lower HDI rankings than GDP rankings , and only a few -- those with the region 's greatest need for significant improvements in social infrastructure , particularly provision of health and education -- show large discrepancies .
Both countries are to blame .
Both countries should consolidate their cooperation in other areas already agreed upon : agriculture , education , health care , energy , and science and technology .
In addition , the US and India should create innovation partnerships , which would not only yield direct returns to both countries , but would also demonstrate how a strong bilateral relationship can improve the international system .
If Obama can weather domestic resistance to new international trade negotiations and modify America 's current position on sectoral tariff reduction by developing countries , the US and India will have an opportunity to break the impasse that has stymied the Doha Round 's successful conclusion .
Ultimately , a strong US-Indian partnership is in both countries ' strategic interest .
By reaffirming the US commitment to aid India 's rise , and by emphasizing America 's fellowship with India , Obama can help bring the two countries together on the basis of shared interests , and move their relationship forward significantly .
From an economic point of view , the Lisbon Strategy 's aim is to transform Europe into a power able to compete on equal terms with the US today and the great Asian countries .
The result was the manufacture of unconvincing political myths , as artificial as the countries they mythologize , which all-too-often can not command genuine patriotic allegiance from their citizenry .
Underdevelopment in many countries of the South , which are faring poorly in their struggle to remain viable in a globalizing world , creates conditions of desperate poverty , ecological collapse and rootless , unemployed populations beyond the control of atrophying state systems .
It does n't help that the two countries share the longest disputed frontier in the world , since the LAC has never been formally delineated in a manner accepted by both sides .
Moreover , India has attempted to establish strategic ties with countries that China sees as falling within its own sphere of influence -LRB- from Mongolia to Vietnam , including direct competition over Myanmar -RRB- .
Worse yet , we have all known the shame of waiting day after day for India to appear on the list at all , as countries a hundredth our size record gold upon gold and Indian athletes are barely mentioned among the also-rans .
But those rationales wo n't do : other developing countries , from Jamaica to Ethiopia , regularly rake in the medals .
But even that is a larger population base than a hundred countries that do better than India at the Olympics .
Finally , the Nuclear Suppliers Group of 45 countries , urged by the Bush administration to follow the IAEA 's example , did so unconditionally .
Estranged during the Cold War by American support for Pakistan and India 's leadership of the non-aligned movement , the two countries have been drawing ever closer during the last decade .
Polls have repeatedly revealed that India is one of the few countries in the developing world where America is still held in high regard .
There was , of course , opposition within both countries to the deal .
Could a person of color win power in other white-majority countries ?
An earlier assault on India 's Parliament in December 2001 by the Pakistan-based militant organization Jaish-e-Muhammad , nearly triggered a full-scale war between the two countries . In the end India pulled back its deployment on the border .
That said , India has relied much less on foreign direct investment than China , and has even exported FDI to OECD countries .
At the end of February , Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh assured Parliament that `` India would emerge the least affected among the countries of the world from the current economic crisis . ''
There are few developing countries in the world where this is true , and fewer still where poverty and illiteracy are both rife .
Indian Ocean Unity NEW DELHI -- What international association brings together 18 countries straddling three continents thousands of miles apart , united solely by their sharing of a common body of water ?
It 's the Indian Ocean Rim Countries ' Association for Regional Cooperation , blessed with the unwieldy acronym IOR-ARC , perhaps the most extraordinary international grouping you 've never heard of .
But IOR-ARC does n't have to confine itself to the water : it 's the countries that are members , not just their coastlines .
So everything from the development of tourism in the 18 countries to the transfer of science and technology is on the table .
The poorer developing countries have new partners from which to receive educational scholarships for their young and training courses for their government officers .
Making a success of an association that unites large countries and small ones , island states and continental ones , Islamic republics , monarchies , and liberal democracies , and every race known to mankind , represents both a challenge and an opportunity .
Some of the least developed countries , such as Mali and Bangladesh , have shown how determined leadership and innovative approaches can , with international support , connect remote and rural areas to the Internet and mobile telephony , thereby helping to liberate subsistence farmers who were previously tied to local knowledge and local markets .
On the contrary , the technology gap between developed and developing countries , measured by levels of penetration by personal computers and information-technology and communications services , has narrowed markedly over the course of the past decade , with rapid growth in mobile phone and Internet use .
The average level of Internet and mobile-phone penetration in the rich world in 1997 -- 4.1 Internet users and 10.7 mobile phones per 100 inhabitants -- was reached in developing countries only five years later .
By contrast , the average level of fixed-line telecommunication penetration in developing countries is nearly 50 years behind the levels of the West .
Whereas most countries suffered negative growth in at least one quarter over the last two years , India 's GDP grew by more than 6 % throughout this period -- and by 7.9 % in the last quarter of 2009 .
India 's ability to stave off the economic gales was helped by the fact that it is much less dependent than most countries on global flows of trade and capital .
Indians abroad stayed loyal to India : remittances from overseas Indians remained robust , reaching $ 46.4 billion in 2008-2009 , the bulk of which came from the mainly blue-collar Indian expatriate community in the Gulf countries .
This includes four specific targets : `` an open , rule-based , predictable , non-discriminatory trading and financial system '' ; special attention to the needs of least-developed countries ; help for landlocked developing countries and small island states ; and national and international measures to deal with developing countries ' debt problems .
Basically , it all boiled down to a grand bargain : while developing countries would obviously have primary responsibility for achieving the MDGs , developed countries would be obliged to finance and support their efforts for development .
But official development assistance -LRB- ODA -RRB- last year amounted to $ 119.6 billion , or just 0.31 % of the developed countries ' GDP -- not even half of the UN 's target of 0.7 % of GDP .
Developed country tariffs on imports of agricultural products , textiles , and clothing -- the principal exports of most developing countries -- remained between 5 % and 8 % in 2008 , just 2-3 percentage points lower than in 1998 .
Developed countries must make commitments to increase both the quantity and effectiveness of aid to developing countries .
Aid must help developing countries improve the welfare of their poorest populations according to their own development priorities .
Reporting requirements are onerous and often impose huge administrative burdens on developing countries , which must devote the scarce skills of educated , English-speaking personnel to writing reports for donors rather than running programs .
In some countries , doctors find it more remunerative to work as translators for foreign-aid agencies than to treat poor patients .
Meanwhile , donors ' sheer clout dilutes the accountability of developing countries ' officials and elected representatives to their own people .
We need a genuine partnership , in which developing countries take the lead , determining what they most acutely need and how best to use it .
Weak capacity to absorb aid on the part of recipient countries is no excuse for donor-driven and donor-directed assistance .
Aligning their assistance with national development strategies and structures , or helping countries devise such strategies and structures , ensures that their aid is usefully spent and guarantees the sustainability of their efforts .
Many countries are prevented from trading their way out of poverty by the high tariff barriers , domestic subsidies , and other protections enjoyed by their rich-country competitors .
The onus is not on developed countries alone .
Developing countries , too , have made serious commitments to their own people , and the primary responsibility for fulfilling those commitments is theirs .
Burma was ruled as part of Britain 's Indian Empire until 1935 , and the links between the two countries remained strong after Burma gained its independence in 1947 .
The member countries of the Association of South East Asian Nations , on Burma 's eastern flank , have made similar calculations .
In a dismaying number of countries , including his own , India , governments spend more for military purposes than for education and health care combined . The current stockpile of nuclear weapons represents more than a million times the explosive power of the bomb whose destruction of Hiroshima so grieved him .
But the five big countries now also on the Council will expect to be consulted ; their acquiescence on key questions can not simply be assumed .
All are matters that call for creative and courageous thinking that transcends entrenched positions or reflexive solidarity with `` non-aligned '' countries .
In the summer of 2003 , a poll conducted by the Pew Organization in 20 countries revealed that the UN 's standing had declined in all of them .
The UN 's reputation suffered in the US because it did not support the Bush administration on the war -- and in the 19 other countries because it was unable to prevent the war .
In the past year alone , it has organized or assisted in elections in over 20 countries -- often at decisive moments in their history -- including Afghanistan , Palestine , Iraq , and Burundi .
The UN is setting up a Democracy Fund to increase assistance for building democracy , and we have proposed establishing a Peace-Building Commission to help countries move from war to durable peace .
In England today , Indian curry houses employ more people than the iron and steel , coal and shipbuilding industries combined .
On one hand , India is a democracy with a long tradition of allowing peaceful protest , including against foreign countries when their leaders come visiting .
These are the two big countries said to be taking over the world , the new contenders for global eminence after centuries of Western domination , the Oriental answer to generations of Occidental economic success .
Moreover , the two countries ' systems are totally dissimilar .
But this does not hold true in all countries or all age groups , so other factors must be influential , too .
A more revealing-and distressing-indicator is that sick leave and disability pensions due to depression are on the rise in many Western countries .
Developing countries are blessed with some of the world 's most precious natural resources .
But that blessing can also be a curse -- and not just for oil-rich countries , with their distorted economies and politics .
Latin American countries in the Amazon region , for example , are home to what can rightly be considered the world 's storehouse of biodiversity .
Yet , when it comes to protecting this global treasure , these countries are expected to shoulder the burden by themselves .
Even with good intentions , these countries on their own are unlikely to ensure that the benefits of conserving the Amazon are realized , because private interests in deforestation -- both legal and illegal -- remain very strong .
But to achieve this , the countries and the international community need to act .
Developing countries need to ensure reliable property rights and policy enforcement in order to generate the incentives needed to protect nature in the future .
· The Pilot Program to Conserve the Brazilian Rainforests , funded by the Brazilian government and the G7 countries , has provided $ 420 million in the past decade for alternatives to deforestation .
· The World Bank , through a recently approved $ 505 million loan , is supporting the inclusion of environmental issues and concerns across Brazil 's government ministries .
Multinational corporations in Japan , South Korea , and elsewhere ship sophisticated parts and components to China for assembly and re-export to developed countries .
Moreover , East Asian countries exported increasing quantities of parts and components and capital goods to foreign-owned enterprises in China that produce for the local market .
A recent OECD study reminds us , once again , that per capita income levels are roughly 30 % lower in the euro area , as well as in the three largest Continental countries -- France , Germany , and Italy -- that dominate its performance , than in the United States .
Since the mid-1990 's , the relative decline in employment in these countries has , indeed , been slightly reversed .
Beginning in the mid-1990 's , the rate of growth in output per hour worked -- a key factor behind the rise in per capita income -- slowed in most European countries while it rose in the US , reversing a decades-long pattern .
The trade balance is seen as a country 's `` bottom line , '' as if countries were firms .
There is a very strong correlation between rising labor productivity and economic growth , which holds for countries with trade surpluses as well as those with deficits .
Some countries -- Scandinavia and the Netherlands , for example -- do well . But the picture elsewhere is patchy at best .
Other countries , especially in the south , perform poorly in most areas .
Only mutualization of debt issuance can generate the low -LRB- risk-free -RRB- interest rate needed to enable these countries to put their public finances on a sound footing and lay the basis for a return to economic growth .
All eurozone countries should , therefore , finance debt by issuing bonds that would be jointly guaranteed by all member states .
The obvious problem with eurobonds is moral hazard : how to prevent fiscally irresponsible countries from free-riding on the credit-worthiness of other member states .
This is the understandable fear of countries such as Germany and the Netherlands .
This would give countries with high levels of public debt an incentive to consolidate their public finances .
A board of 17 people , one from each eurozone economy , would be unwieldy , and unlikely to win the support of the eurozone 's principal creditor countries .
At the same time , a board dominated by the creditor economies would be unlikely to win the backing of the debtor countries .
It would have to borrow under its own rating , which would be prohibitively expensive for fiscally weaker countries .
And , while various creditor countries rightly fear that eurobonds would push up their borrowing costs and constitute a transfer union , opponents might eventually come around to seeing eurobonds as the least bad option .
For core countries , eurobonds would certainly be a cheaper option than underwriting loans to struggling member-states , which essentially means throwing good money after bad .
Integration into the global economy , a crucial source of capital , stability , and innovation , has become a threat to many of these countries .
Even with this year 's marked contraction of some central and eastern European countries ' economies , their accession to the EU boosted its overall economic growth , with the European Commission estimating that GDP in the new member states increased by extra 1.75 percentage points in the period 2004-2009 .
Indeed , by 2007 , central and eastern Europe had become the second most important export destination for euro-zone countries .
Today , EU membership is a more powerful incentive than ever for what the EU calls three `` candidate countries '' -LRB- Croatia , FYR Macedonia , and Turkey -RRB- and five `` potential candidate countries '' -LRB- Albania , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Kosovo under UN Security Council Resolution 1244 , Montenegro , and Serbia -RRB- .
These countries are increasing their efforts to prepare for EU admission , and the EU must not shut its doors on them .
The growing together of people , regions , and countries underpins the foundations on which Europe rests .
To turn our backs on these countries would have serious economic ramifications .
The EU drew the right conclusions when it stressed that national bank rescue packages must not be designed in ways that starve subsidiaries , and also by doubling -- to ¤ 50 billion -- the crisis funds available to EU countries outside the euro zone .
No Time for Complacency LONDON -- After years of rapid growth , the countries of Eastern Europe have been especially hard hit by the world financial crisis .
Even those countries that were better prepared were made painfully aware of the after-effects of crisis : export markets collapsed , commodity prices fell , and credit markets seized up .
In many countries , economic output sank dramatically , more so than in Europe 's west .
A number of countries have already been forced into drastic budget cuts , which have had a knock-on effect on standards of living .
Twenty years after the fall of the Iron Curtain , the countries of the east are more integrated into international markets than ever before .
Credit growth has already fallen close to zero in many countries and is contracting in many others as debts levels are reduced for households and companies .
That is a boon for exporters , but it is a bane for banks in countries that binged on foreign-currency loans before the global crisis hit .
These could include higher capital or provisioning requirements as buffers for more difficult times , or the stipulation of liquidity standards and special requirements for systemically important banks in order to avoid a recurrence of the `` too big to fail '' dilemma that many countries -- not only in the EBRD region -- have been facing .
These health effects are serious . Diabetes already is the major cause of kidney failure , blindness , and lower-limb amputation in many countries , and a major cause of heart attacks and strokes .
Despite this , surveillance of diabetes remains relatively undeveloped throughout the world , even in high-income countries .
We know , of course , the broad outline of their all-encompassing fundamentalism , and we have some vague ideas about Al Qaeda as a decentralized network of cells in many countries that seeks to acquire chemical , biological , and perhaps even nuclear weapons .
We also know their leaders ' long-term goals : seize power in Muslim countries and attack the Western states that support secular regimes in the Islamic world .
Of course , civilized countries should not give up the fight against extremist Islam because of the bloodshed in Iraq ; but we must recognize that war , occupation , and forced submission to military power have merely caused mass humiliation and resentment among many ordinary Muslims -- emotions that are then channeled into terrorist networks .
Moreover , for geographical reasons , Europe also benefits from a better knowledge of Arab and Muslim countries and extensive familiarity with their populations .
We need more translations of the ideas and literatures of other countries , more long stays abroad for university students , more teaching of foreign languages and encouragement of study about other cultures , and more confrontation between national memories -LRB- say , between France and Algeria -RRB- .
On the contrary , both the US and the Uribe government regard what has happened in Colombia as `` model '' to be emulated across the Andes in order to prevent other countries in the region from becoming failed states .
The continent has been a relatively quiet periphery because its countries tend neither to fight each other nor to divide from within .
Moreover , neighboring countries such as Argentina and Brazil have shown a remarkable degree of understanding for Bolivia 's domestic predicament . They have sought to avoid , wherever possible , economic or political disputes with Morales 's government , and have become more diligent about exerting a positive influence on Bolivian affairs .
Globalization and dynamic changes in the economies and politics of its myriad countries is providing Latin America with an opportunity to decrease the scope of its dependency on the United States , and thus to renegotiate , on better terms , its hitherto asymmetric relations with its giant northern neighbor .
Meanwhile , Europe has become the principal source of arms to Brazil and Chile , and some EU countries -- notably France -- are showing growing interest in the Argentine-Brazilian nuclear agreement of February 2008 and in deepening military contacts .
It is not just that several countries have seen center-left and radical parties come to power ; US leadership and interests are routinely questioned , and even challenged , not only by Communist Cuba and `` Bolivarian '' Venezuela , but almost everywhere in the region .
For most of the nineteenth century and well into the Cold War era , re-election of a sitting president was generally prohibited in the great majority of Latin American countries , owing to a general fear of leaders remaining permanently in power , abetted by the prevalence of electoral fraud .
Over time , what had been an exception became routine : the possibility of consecutive terms or alternating re-election of presidents in countries with little democratic tradition .
Indeed , it is now clear that one of the main regional challenges is to preserve civilian control of the military , which will require that Latin American elites avoid the temptation to strengthen disproportionately the armed forces ' place in their countries ' domestic and international politics .
In some countries , such as Honduras , the increase is four times that of men .
In countries like Chile , Argentina , and Costa Rica , where overall levels of violence are lower , the murders of women are usually committed with less violence , by partners or ex-partners in the context of `` domestic abuse . ''
Cases associated with domestic violence are treated leniently by courts ; in some countries , jealousy or the absence of previous convictions can reduce the punishment .
Brutal murders of women also occur in countries such as Argentina , where a surprising number of women have been burned by their partners or ex-partners .
And , in Central American countries , women are murdered by criminal groups as a kind of threat or message to their husbands or partners .
On the other hand , rates in countries such as Chile and Argentina are no more than 1.4 per 100,000 .
That difference underscores a fundamental reality : violence associated with the `` war on drug trafficking '' and organized crime -- including state corruption -- in some countries has specific consequences for women .
In countries such as Chile or Costa Rica -- as in much of the world -- advocates for women 's rights demand that the state prevent femicides by responding swiftly and effectively to death threats and abuse .
In the most affected countries , they also demand that murderers be tried .
As long as the `` war on drugs '' remains good business not only for traffickers and money launderers , but also for developed countries ' arms industry , the flood of weapons in the region will continue to fuel violence -- including extreme manifestations against women -- and weaken the judicial system .
Ending that war wo n't eradicate femicides in Central America and Mexico , but it could at least reduce the murder rate of women to the more `` salutary '' numbers of other countries that are lucky to be farther away from the main trafficking routes .
In more prosperous countries , African elites are motivated by a complex interplay of national pride , dietary concerns , and the pursuit of profit .
Should we pick from Algeria , Cameroon , Cote d'Ivoire , Ghana , Nigeria , and South Africa , the countries representing Africa ?
That is because in most African countries , even men 's national teams are struggling .
Under the leadership of Yash Pal Ghai , a renowned Kenyan legal scholar whose international resumé includes helping countries like Afghanistan write their constitutions , the Kenyan National Constitution Conference commenced .
They might be right , but any of those four women would be more effective at mediating conflicts in Africa than all the presidents of AU countries combined .
It is women who will then have to pack what little they have and flee to neighboring countries that are already struggling to feed their own children .
WASHINGTON D.C. &#45; &#45; Until recently , the International Monetary Fund 's main job was lending to countries with balance-of-payment problems .
Today , however , emerging countries increasingly prefer to `` self-insure '' by accumulating reserves -LRB- and sharing them through regional pooling arrangements -RRB- .
In the IMF 's view , '' -LRB- m -RRB- ajor financial institutions in mature ... markets -LRB- were -RRB- ... healthy , having remained profitable and well capitalized , '' and `` the financial sectors in many countries are in a strong position to cope with any cyclical challenges and further market corrections to come . ''
The IMF has been criticized for burdening borrowers with unnecessary and sometimes perverse lending conditions , but its highly qualified staff has not been shy in blowing the whistle when it perceived domestic vulnerabilities in other countries .
In any event , if its staff 's criticism ever becomes too candid , these countries can always use their leverage to water down the public communiqués issued by the IMF 's board .
The Fund can help to prevent future crisis of this kind , but only if it first prevents undue influence on its capacity to scrutinize , and if necessary criticize , influential countries ' policies and regulations .
Why could n't the Fund do the same thing for central banks from developing countries and emerging economies ?
Are we happy to live in a world where the rich can rely on ever more clever technical tricks , while we ignore the right of poor countries and communities to the basic requirements of survival ?
Self-help has replaced the discredited notion that foreign countries will come to Russia 's rescue .
All CIS countries - with the possible exception of Belarus - will retain their sovereignty .
Many elites in these countries , because they seized power and became rich rapidly , feel insecure .
It must also remember that for the CIS countries , sovereignty primarily means independence from Russia .
Multipolarity exists , but Russia is not much of a pole . Summits of the BRIC -LRB- Brazil , Russia , India , and China -RRB- leaders are still held , but the real focus of Russia 's policy is the OECD countries , which have technology and money .
When this is achieved , the next steps are a permanent normal trade status for Russia in the US , and practical moves toward a pan-European free-trade area between the EU , Russia , Ukraine , and other countries .
Two weeks later , in St. Petersburg , he hosted a meeting of Commonwealth of Independent States -LRB- CIS -RRB- prime ministers , eight of whom signed an agreement establishing a free-trade area among their countries .
And Putin wants even more : a `` Eurasian Schengen '' -LRB- free movement of people among the three countries , built on the example of the European Union -RRB- by 2015 , followed by a currency union and , ultimately , full economic integration .
Ever since the Soviet Union broke up 20 years ago , there has been much talk about reintegrating the successor states . Little has come of it , owing mainly to Russia 's reluctance to support the other countries financially .
At the same time , the other CIS countries have maintained an overriding focus on their own state-building and independence vis-à-vis Russia .
This is a credible claim , for three basic reasons : the complete evaporation of Russia 's imperial élan , its unwillingness to pay other countries ' bills , and the new countries ' unwillingness to cede too much sovereignty to the former hegemon .
There is now widespread talk of a `` Bretton Woods II '' that would restructure global finance , promote sustainability , and offer developing countries `` aid for trade . ''
Doing so will also help to convince other countries that the government 's agenda is economic , not political .
While all other large European countries abolished military conscription in recent decades , Russia continues with a system in which all physically-fit male citizens aged 18 to 27 must serve for 12 months .
Estimates from other countries indicate that these additional costs may total 5 % of lifetime wages .
The upcoming enlargement of the European Union in May is a major focus not only for governments in the acceding countries , but also for their central banks .
Even though actual enlargement of the eurozone remains in the relatively distant future - the earliest possible date being January 2007 - the accession countries must prepare their entry strategies well in advance .
This is why in most accession countries last year , central banks and governments stepped up co-operation on defining joint positions on adopting the euro .
Similarly , there were intense debates within the EU , culminating with the adoption of the ECB 's Policy Position on Exchange Rate Issues Relating to the Acceding Countries .
The accession countries had to decide the optimal timing for eurozone enlargement - a difficult task , because economic theory gives no clear answers in this respect , and because several accession countries are wrestling with fiscal imbalances well above the Maastricht Treaty 's ceiling of 3 % of GDP .
First , most people have learned that no universal solution is optimal for all accession countries .
In this respect , the accession countries can be divided into two broad groups . On one side are small countries - for example , the Baltic states - which use devices such as currency boards to peg their exchange rates to the euro .
These countries have proven that they can live without their own monetary policies without severe tensions .
On the other hand , it is clear that the roadmap to the eurozone might be completely different for the larger accession countries with floating exchange rates and inflation-targeting monetary policy regimes .
A second area of consensus has emerged from frequent debates on the potential conflict between nominal and real economic convergence between the EU accession countries and the current member states .
But most accession countries have already achieved substantial progress in lowering inflation and nominal interest rates .
Important differences exist , though , among the individual countries even in this respect .
Third , although the Central European countries originally announced different target dates for eurozone accession , their plans have now moved closer together , usually ranging between 2008 and 2010 .
Many countries - including the Czech Republic , Hungary , and Poland - run large budget deficits and need to implement medium-term reforms to make their pension systems sustainable and to overhaul overly generous social security systems .
This corresponds to the view shared by many accession countries that such a narrow band would increase the risks in managing the run-up to adopting the euro .
Instead , exchange rate stability will be assessed according to economic fundamentals and countries ' economic policy mix , rather than by rigidly applying mechanical rules .
Some countries may proceed faster , especially those with hard pegs against the euro , while for others the years 2008-2010 seem to be a more realistic target .
World-class design and brands already have a foothold in Europe , where creative industries are stronger that the car industry .
So it probably would not take much for politicians to be persuaded that the press is essential to democracy , and that its survival -- like that of public television in many countries -- depends on government support .
For example , regulation to protect retail customers could , sometimes , be appropriate : requirements for information disclosure could help overcome asymmetries of information between businesses and consumers .
This week , the foreign ministers of five nuclear-armed countries -- the United States , Russia , Britain , France , and China -- will meet in Paris to discuss progress in implementing the nuclear-disarmament commitments that they made at last year 's Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- review conference .
One standard must apply to all countries : zero .
Furthermore , these and other countries ' modernization activities can not be reconciled with their professed support for a world free of nuclear weapons .
Other countries have abandoned nuclear-weapons programs , recognizing that nothing good could possibly come from them .
In the case of Zimbabwe , for example , it is possible that sending in unarmed observers from other African countries would be sufficient .
Besides , in civilized countries a change of government is seen as a sign of stability .
As one who worked in the gas industry before entering politics , I know that the gas trade in the countries of the former Soviet Union is riddled with corruption .
Europe must play its part as Ukraine redefines its historic ties to Russia , and its actions must do nothing to undermine Ukraine 's national independence -- or , indeed , that of any of the countries that emerged from the Soviet Union 's breakup .
But such a structure is lacking today between the EU and Russia , to the detriment of all the countries that lie between them .
Even those Europeans who believe -- wrongly -- that democracy does not easily take root in post-Soviet countries should recognize that our people now feel empowered .
A singular vision has always animated this process : animosity between neighbors must not be allowed to fester , and the rule of law must reign not just within countries , but also between them .
Just as the US Federal Reserve has engaged in credit and currency swaps with Brazil , Mexico , Singapore , and South Korea and other countries to ease their access to the dollars they need , the European Central Bank must offer such swap arrangements to Europe 's non-euro countries in order for trade and production processes to continue .
President Leonid Kuchma 's regime tries to lull both Ukrainians and the outside world about this dark state of affairs .
Ukraine 's fate matters because the country plays an important role in how the countries of the former Soviet Union are perceived .
Within Ukraine , a government capable of truly governing should seek to adopt EU laws and norms in exactly the manner that the countries poised to join the Union have done , thus helping to clean up the murky system in which Kuchma 's criminal cronies flourish .
A huge benefit for the accession countries in preparing themselves to join the EU was that they were forced to conform to European business , political , and legal norms .
In the countries of the `` united economic space , '' the rule of law typically means , `` I rule , and I am the law . ''
After all , countries that scrap tariffs among themselves trade more and often raise their economic grow rates as a result .
Moreover , free-trade agreements are typically seen as politically valuable : countries tied by commerce are supposedly less likely to shoot at each other .
By definition , it discriminates against countries outside the club , with which trade will not be liberalized .
Members will specialize in industries in which they lack comparative advantage , undercutting the main reason to support free trade in the first place .
Current EU thinking , however , holds that Ukraine should be placed in the same framework as countries in North Africa and the Middle East .
Of course , Russia wo n't look on happily if the EU tries to lure Ukraine .
A country equipped to join the EU is a country equipped to make its way in the world peacefully , if it chooses to do so . Europe needs such countries on its border .
What the EU does now to bridge this fault line will determine whether these countries westernize or stagnate .
As developing countries become better off , one of the first things that happens is so-called `` dietary transition . ''
Biofuels policies in the US and the European Union have led to the creation of biofuels industries with significant output capacity -- mainly ethanol in the US and biodiesel in the EU .
In fact , to the extent that developing countries permit higher prices to go to their farmers , the result could be a significant stimulus to economic growth in rural regions of developing countries -- where most of the world 's poor live .
One problem is that developing countries often attempt to isolate their domestic markets from world prices , particularly price increases , in order to protect their more politically powerful urban citizens .
In recent decades , the fast-growing Asian economies , as well as European Union economies such as Germany and the Nordic countries , have made export-led growth their primary economic strategy .
As a result , growth in those countries is dependent on US demand , and their industrial sectors have become too large to be compatible with long-term balance .
In any case , rich European countries will suffer a permanent structural decline in manufacturing : much of the decline that we now see in European manufacturing is not the result of temporary economic movements but is part of a long-term adjustment of the industrial sector 's size .
Although the bigger EU countries have embarked on a policy to protect their industries as long as the crisis continues , they will doubtless be unsuccessful , because no country can ultimately halt structural adjustment by offering subsidies .
To consumers in industrialized countries , uninterrupted power supply is a given .
According to the International Monetary Fund 's most recent Regional Economic Outlook for Sub-Saharan Africa , in 2007 alone , nearly two-thirds of the countries in the region experienced an acute energy crisis marked by frequent and extended electricity outages .
Increasingly burgeoning populations in countries like Nigeria and Ghana imply a greater extraction of water resources for power generation .
Much of the future increases in coal-fired electricity generation will come from strategically important developing countries like China and India .
In 2006 alone , China added about 93,000 megawatts of coal - fired electricity generating capacity , and this trend is expected to continue as the country tries to meet its huge energy needs .
Even in many developed countries , coal still accounts for a large share of power generation .
Against this picture then , it is hard not to expect developing countries to exploit their abundant coal resources to generate power for their own development , especially given that modern technology can help produce coal cleanly .
Some argue that gas might be a better alternative to hydro or coal , but for countries that must import much of their gas the benefits of a stable and reliable source of cheap fuel in the form of coal present a very strong counter-argument to the capital costs of a gas plant .
Apart from electric-power generation , coal also has wide application in a number of industries .
Moreover , the use of wood by Africa 's growing population is causing increasingly rapid deforestation in many countries .
Developing countries have lagged behind in this process , but , with the common threat of global warming , there is now growing pressure to adopt conservation policies .
Africa 's mineral-rich countries must exploit their abundant natural resources .
Failure to do so would be a missed opportunity at a time when African countries must avail themselves of all available resources for poverty reduction .
Turkey is one of the six NATO countries that have hosted US tactical nuclear weapons for more than 40 years , including 90 B61 gravity bombs .
Indeed , Turkey 's position is now at odds with the three West European countries -- Belgium , Germany , and the Netherlands -- currently calling for a withdrawal of US nuclear weapons from their territory .
First , the system should take into consideration current security risks , based on the existing missile capabilities of non-NATO countries .
Choosing to Learn STOCKHOLM -- The Nordic countries ' economies are performing well , and a part of the reason is that they are gradually reforming their `` social model , '' adapting it to new realities in ways that respond to people 's demands .
Many countries invest less , and even Sweden 's 4 % of GDP might not be enough , given higher spending on R&D in China , India , and the United States .
Other countries might find Sweden 's system worth studying .
We know that Burma 's political destiny is inextricably linked to that of our own countries .
Now , nearly one million people have fled Burma 's political and economic chaos for neighboring countries , and another million people remain internally displaced .
That , together with the heroin that is trafficked from Burma to India , China , Thailand , and other countries in the region , poses a serious threat to our political and economic security .
The Fight for Food GENEVA -- Every year , 3.5 million mothers and children below the age of five die in poor countries because they do not have the nutrition they need to fight common diseases .
Besides the human suffering , the economic costs of malnutrition are huge : according to the World Bank , countries where malnutrition is most prevalent lose , on average , between 2 % and 3 % of their GDP .
The issue is not severe and acute malnutrition , which hits populations suddenly , usually as a result of conflict . The question is how we attract the attention of the European Union and the G8 countries to the malnutrition that experts call `` hidden hunger , '' which affects one in every three people worldwide .
Humans have added essential vitamins or minerals to their foods since time immemorial ; indeed , since the beginning of the twentieth century , food fortification has been a major government policy in developed countries to reduce nutritional deficiencies and improve public health .
For example , Blueprints assumes CO2 is captured at 90 % of all coal - and gas-fired power plants in developed countries by 2050 , plus at least 50 % of those in non-OECD countries .
SANTIAGO -- Regional integration is usually regarded as a way for countries to strengthen themselves .
This war , therefore , will simply make it more difficult to engage with those countries at the very moment such talks are absolutely necessary .
Recipient countries can attempt to throw up barriers , but the tsunami of liquidity threatens to sweep over them .
As a result of the premature decline of the manufacturing sector , unemployment is high in many Latin American countries .
But countries like Argentina and Brazil fear Chinese retaliation aimed at their commodity exports .
These three countries are thus in a unique position to demand that the G-20 stop the US and China from pursuing beggar-thy-neighbor policies that represent a major threat to global economic stability .
If the G-20 wants to play a major role in the post-crisis global decision-making process , the issue of legitimacy vis-à-vis the smaller emerging countries needs to be addressed now .
If countries are not adequately represented , international economic coordination will return by default to the multilateral institutions where it made little progress in the years that led up to the crisis .
We propose changing the status quo by allowing these countries to take a rotating seat at the G-20 table .
But when the time comes to pay for the ride , you may feel like you are in Boston , Luxemburg , or Zurich : the value of the Brazilian real , like the currencies of many emerging-market countries , is high -- and could go higher .
Strong currencies make strong countries , a senior United States policymaker used to say .
For decades , developing countries dreamed of a nirvana of sky-high commodity prices and rock-bottom international interest rates .
Emerging countries in Latin America , East Asia , Eastern Europe , and Africa are innocent bystanders in the tussle between the US and China over currencies and trade imbalances .
For a decade now , the world economy has suffered from tremendous global imbalances : massive external surpluses in countries like China , Japan , Germany , Switzerland , and the oil producers , matched by equally large external deficits in the US , the United Kingdom , Spain , and others .
Still-troubled financial systems and huge fiscal deficits are keeping the West 's deficit countries -LRB- especially the US -RRB- from expanding domestic demand .
And an unwillingness to trade away export-led growth is having the same effect on the East 's surplus countries -LRB- especially China -RRB- .
As a result , emerging countries , according to the IMF , have been pressed to carry `` a disproportionate burden of demand rebalancing since the crisis . ''
Countries running surpluses accumulate massive stocks of foreign assets , and those resources have to be invested somewhere .
As a result , many emerging countries , with their higher interest rates and promising growth prospects , have become irresistibly attractive to investors .
After recent events in Tunisia , Egypt , and Libya , Wall Street analysts are waxing somewhat less optimistically about political stability in emerging countries .
This dollar invasion is making macroeconomic management in emerging countries even more challenging than usual .
Today , some policymakers in Latin America , worried that the same thing could happen to their countries , are casting about for policy tools to prevent it .
Even countries that practice inflation targeting and have otherwise vowed to let their exchange rates float -- Brazil , Colombia , Peru , and Chile , for example -- have done it , and in large quantities .
But , while allowing the EFSF to finance buybacks is a step forward , a slew of theoretical and empirical research , generated by developing countries ' efforts to buy back their debt in the 1980 's and 1990 's , has shown that it is far from a cure-all .
It would be far preferable to exchange them for Eurobonds , backed by the full faith and credit of all eurozone countries .
Second , all eurozone countries are effectively in the same boat .
The European Financial Stabilization Facility -LRB- EFSF -RRB- , hurriedly established in May 2010 in an effort to stop the rot , will shortly be able to call on some ¤ 500 billion in the event that any more eurozone countries face serious liquidity problems .
The irony is that the euro has been a hugely successful project , bringing considerable stability to participating countries .
Indeed , without the single currency , many of these countries would have succumbed to a downward spiral of devaluation , default , and recourse to the IMF .
Recently adopted changes create a more sensible and graduated system for sanctioning recalcitrant countries , but still leave the decision to initiate an excessive deficit procedure to member states , rather than establishing the more automatic mechanism sought by the European Commission .
If European countries are to emerge stronger from the current crisis , they need to think bigger and put more faith , not less , in the collective enterprise that is the EU .
Europe was divided into eight broad zones , comprising individual countries like Germany , France , and Italy , or groupings of smaller countries such as Benelux and the Nordic area .
Indeed , as the ECFR 's Scorecard shows , a small core of leading countries has been vital for the multilateral approach to issues such as Iranian proliferation -LRB- led by the EU-3 of Germany , Britain , and France -RRB- , and getting international climate-change talks back on track at Cancún , following the debacle at the Copenhagen summit in 2009 .
Its abstention on Security Council Resolution 1973 -- placing it in the same camp as the BRIC countries -LRB- Brazil , Russia , India , and China -RRB- -- was a sign that its foreign policy is now influenced more by trade concerns than by European solidarity .
Like many European countries , the ECFR 's Scorecard observed that Germany 's efforts to deal with the economic crisis left little room for foreign affairs .
This puts India in direct competition with the West and other Asian countries to secure West African resources .
Sales of Tata cars , for instance , are booming in many African countries .
Again , informational asymmetries and misaligned incentives are at the heart of what happened .
If large firms can shape the playing field in their favor through their influence on the political process and regulation -- thereby keeping out new entrants in their industries and shifting costs to society -- a whole new perspective on competition policy follows .
A critical factor was the powerful emotions generated by United States-led military interventions in Muslim countries , and by the situation of the Palestinians .
A distinction is often made between `` hard '' tools for combating terrorism -- i.e. executive , including military measures -- and `` soft '' tools such as programs promoting the integration of Muslim immigrants , efforts to stabilize and develop problem countries , and strategies for intercultural dialogue .
After all , rates of severe mental illness are about the same across the developed world , yet the US seems to have more such shootings than do other countries .
One day last week saw the son of its `` Dear Leader '' Kim Jong Il arrested while entering Japan on a false passport -LRB- supposedly to take his son to Tokyo 's Disneyland -RRB- , the next day brought a promise to maintain its moratorium on missile testing until 2003 as well as continue sales of missile technologies to countries like Iran .
How Globalization Stabilizes Poor Countries
How Globalization Stabilizes Poor Countries
Globalization stands accused of generating economic instability in developing countries and greatly exacerbating poverty , at least in the short run -- which is the longest period the world 's poor can afford to care about .
But the raging debate over globalization often overlooks an increasingly important feature that makes life better and more stable for poor people in developing countries right now : the many millions of migrants who send money home .
Data on families in developing countries that receive money from relatives working abroad directly demonstrate that at least one element of globalization -- migration -- increases economic stability in poor countries .
Migrants from struggling countries in Latin America , Southeast Asia , and other regions are increasingly securing jobs at wages that , while low by rich country standards , are far higher than they could dream of back home .
In 2001 , workers from low - and middle-income countries sent home a staggering $ 43 billion -- more than double the level of a decade earlier and $ 5 billion more than that year 's total official foreign aid to these countries .
But whatever the reason , these so-called `` remittances '' -- the cash workers send home to countries like Colombia , Haiti , Jamaica , Mexico , and Bangladesh -- act as a safety net that their governments typically need but can not afford to provide .
Here incomes are often considerably more volatile than in richer countries , owing to heavy reliance on a few commodities or industries and hence higher vulnerability to external shocks , including weather-related and other natural disasters .
Indeed , poor countries also often lack the private insurance needed to offer the type of emergency assistance that citizens of wealthy nations have come to expect .
In developing countries , remittances from workers abroad amount to the best insurance around .
In case after case , billions of dollars in remittances from migrants have given families in poor countries what their governments -LRB- and foreign donors -RRB- could not always provide : food , safety , the resources to recover , and hope .
The economic importance of such remittances to poor countries in normal times is itself revealing .
After all , migrant workers may be relatively well off by standards at home , but they struggle to earn a decent living in their host countries .
Nonetheless , the importance of remittances to households in poor countries , especially during periods of external shock , holds two lessons . First , it should be easy and inexpensive for migrants to send money home .
That businesswoman 's brush with the law typifies the main reason-aside from low incomes-that bridging the so-called `` digital divide '' between rich and poor countries is so difficult .
As a result , developing countries face a stark choice : take advantage of new technologies to stimulate economic growth and enhance productivity or fall even further behind as businesses and consumers in rich countries increasingly embrace digital advances .
The threats and opportunities presented by new technologies for developing countries are widely discussed .
But the ways governments in developing countries exacerbate the divide through their own regulatory policies are much less well understood .
Consider the telecommunications industry in developing countries more generally .
Through the 1980 's , massive loans , grants , and `` technical assistance '' to state-owned monopoly telecom providers did almost nothing to increase the number of people with telephones in poor countries .
The same story is true in poor countries around the world : telephone penetration remained stubbornly stagnant in developing nations until they allowed competitive entry-primarily in the form of mobile telephony-in the 1990 's .
Telephone use has soared in poor countries as a result .
In addition to capricious laws such as those criminalizing Internet telephony , many poor countries strictly control the number of Internet Service Providers -LRB- ISPs -RRB- that can operate .
A recent survey of telecommunications regulatory agencies conducted by The World Bank found that 23 of the 38 poor countries that responded require ISPs to obtain formal regulatory approval before they are allowed to operate .
Countries that regulate entry by new ISPs in this way have fewer Internet users per capita , regardless of national income and general development of the telecommunications network .
Likewise , consumers in poor countries that regulate ISP prices pay more for Internet access than consumers in countries that do n't .
But governments in developing countries are often accustomed to controlling all aspects of their economies and tend not to want regulators to promote competition .
The bottom line is that regulatory policies in developing countries , particularly countries in Africa , often bear much of the responsibility for low Internet penetration and slow adoption of technology .
Institutions matter at least as much as equipment if developing countries hope to join the global digital economy in any meaningful way .
A regulatory framework friendly to entry by ISPs and other companies relevant to the technological infrastructure will do a lot more to bring developing countries into the 21st century than donations ever will .
When threatened , countries tend to group together against a common enemy .
A second similarity comes from the fact that the British were the imperial power in both countries .
At independence , national leaders in both countries inherited similar sets of laws and administrative practices .
And parts of the country are more similar to sections of troubled `` developing '' countries than to China 's showplace cities .
Retail customers deserve the chance to buy products and services from all member countries , and it would be in banks ' own interest for them to be able to do so .
In other countries , policymakers set the course for banking modernization years ago and have reinforced competition since then -- to the benefit of customers and banks alike .
At one extreme you find countries like France , whose constitution defines the State as secular -LRB- laique -RRB- .
At the other extreme are countries like Denmark and the UK , where there is an established state religion .
There is considerable domestic pressure in each of these countries -- as there has been in Israel and Pakistan , currently the region 's only nuclear states -- to secure the presumed benefits in power and prestige of possessing nuclear weapons .
The lines of authority between the new Euro-diplomats and existing national foreign ministries are still unclear ; but the EEAS is , nonetheless , a fact .
Possible culprits include various Russians , the family of deposed Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiyev , and criminal gangs in Kyrgyzstan and neighboring countries .
The preceding phase envisages only providing the existing AU force with extra logistical support from non-African countries , such as engineers from China .
For these reasons , any major peace operation involving Western countries would soon lead their governments to consider regime change in Khartoum as the most viable exit strategy .
But achieving success in Afghanistan -- defined as achieving a sustainable democratic regime able to contain political violence , prevent the reconstruction of a terrorist base with global reach , and dampen a narcotics-funded insurgency that threatens neighboring countries -- requires greater policy harmonization among the world powers that have a stake in the outcome .
SCO members showed no interest in contributing troops to the ISAF , but the declaration did encourage `` other countries ... to participate in the collective efforts '' to combat regional terrorism and to `` consider taking part in transiting non-military cargoes needed by ISAF . ''
Several SCO members are already assisting NATO countries to deliver supplies into Afghanistan , while Russia is allowing the United States to ferry military items across its border into Central Asia and onward to Afghanistan .
This collaboration should be expanded , because China and Russia , perhaps more than any other countries , share common interests with the West in Afghanistan .
Perminov similarly seemed to suggest that only countries with large existing space programs could participate in the Apophis decision .
An interesting issue would arise if some countries wanted to act , but others did not .
Would Russia or a coalition of willing countries have the right to attempt to alter Apophis ' orbit without the approval of other states ?
What are the rights and duties of scientists and governments who consider the risks to be graver than their counterparts in other countries do ?
In addition , his administration pledges not to resume testing nuclear weapons by detonating them , and to seek to bring the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty -LRB- CTBT -RRB- into force by securing its ratification by the US Senate and all other countries .
It commits the US not to employ or threaten to employ nuclear weapons against states that do not possess them , provided that these countries remain in compliance with the NPT and their other nuclear non-proliferation obligations .
More importantly , the Taliban in government would not necessarily support Islamic insurgencies in other countries or engage in distant terrorist attacks in Western countries , whereas al-Qaeda almost certainly would .
But it is hard to imagine the Taliban using force to prevent their al-Qaeda allies from reestablishing a military presence in Afghanistan and exploiting that presence to organize additional terrorist attacks in other countries .
Russia 's foreign and defense ministries have both asserted primacy in the BMD dialogue with the US , but with competing perspectives and priorities .
These discussions are occurring on a bilateral basis , between Russia and the US , and multilaterally , within the context of the so-called P-5 talks , which involve all five permanent United Nations Security Council members -- the only countries that the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty legally permits to retain nuclear weapons pending universal disarmament .
These rules , however , are but steps in the right direction : steps toward socially and ecologically sustainable free trade and against protectionism , especially that often practiced by rich countries .
But the EU still must prove to the countries seeking to join it that the Union is a truly open , democratic society of the type they have struggled to make of themselves .
So long as unanimity remains , the more countries that take part in decisionmaking , the bigger the danger of a single veto blocking action .
Better to radically reduce the size of the Commission , and to either tie countries into regional packages for Commission representation or rotate membership every few years among countries .
At the very moment when today 's candidate countries strive for EU membership , EU enlargement is feared by those states that are unlikely to join the Union for the foreseeable future .
G-8 countries have already pledged support to post-Mubarak Egypt , including economic aid , debt relief , and loan guarantees .
Finally , countries supportive of a democratic Egypt should focus on encouraging the institutional and social underpinnings of democratic process and market reform .
Failing states in Central America When the US Defense Department produced a report in December in which it named Mexico as one as one of two countries -LRB- along with Pakistan -RRB- at risk of rapidly becoming a failed state there was a predictable rejection of its findings in many quarters .
In both countries , impunity is the key : in Guatemala only 4 % -LRB- at most -RRB- of all crimes , and less than 2 % of murders , result in a criminal conviction .
The US may view its war on drugs in Mexico and Colombia as partially successful ; the danger is that Central America does not have those countries ' institutional resilience , leaving the way open for new fronts to be opened .
Now , however , concerns over these drugs ' safety and side effects in children and adolescents -- including elevated suicide rates -- have awakened regulators in many countries .
Consumers in most countries do n't realize this , because the true costs are hidden by subsidies .
New research for Copenhagen Consensus reveals that the full cost of piping water to a household is as high as $ 80 per month -- more than most households in rich countries pay and far beyond the means of most families in developing countries .
But countries like Ethiopia have virtually no water storage facilities , great variability in rainfall , and attractive sites for hydroelectric generation .
The filter typically costs a household about $ 1.40 per month , but in many developing countries yields benefits from improved health that are three times higher .
The costs add up to just $ 0.50 per household , while the benefits from improved health and saved time in many developing countries are worth $ 1.20 .
The idea was to permit countries whose official dollar holdings were larger than they were comfortable with to convert dollars into SDRs . Conversion would occur outside the market , and thus would not put downward pressure on the dollar .
Member countries would receive an asset that was more stable than the dollar , as it was based on a basket of currencies , thereby providing better protection against losses .
The dollar will remain important for many countries as a vehicle for intervention in foreign-exchange markets , as well as for invoicing and for denominating internationally traded securities .
Nearly three million students now study outside their home countries -- a 57 % increase in the last decade .
Half of the world 's top physicists no longer work in their native countries .
At the same time , growing numbers of traditional source countries for students , from South Korea to Saudi Arabia , are trying to improve both the quantity and quality of their own degrees , engaging in a fierce -- and expensive -- race to recruit students and create world-class research universities of their own .
In some countries , worries about educational competition and brain drains have led to outright academic protectionism .
There is every reason to believe that the worldwide competition for human talent , the race to produce innovative research , the push to extend university campuses to multiple countries , and the rush to train talented graduates who can strengthen increasingly knowledge-based economies will be good for the US as well .
Chinese research may well provide the building blocks for innovation by US entrepreneurs -- or those from other countries .
Just as free trade provides the lowest-cost goods and services , benefiting both consumers and the most efficient producers , global academic competition is making free movement of people and ideas , on the basis of merit , more and more the norm , with enormously positive consequences for individuals , universities , and countries .
Twenty-one of the mega cities estimated for year 2015 will be in developing and less developed countries , while 80 % of the global cities that play host to decision-making actors are in the northern hemisphere .
Russia 's hasty decision to recognize the `` independence '' of South Ossetia and Abkhazia was a shot across the bow for every former Soviet country , and has intensified speculation about who might be `` next '' -- and how to prevent Russia from multiplying the supposed Kosovo `` precedent '' in other ex-Soviet countries .
The proximate cause of price growth since mid-2007 is the appearance of production bottlenecks as domestic demand exceeds supply in an increasing number of sectors , such as power generation , transportation , and intermediate-goods industries .
But the cause of nuclear non-proliferation is now in deep trouble , as countries are once again tempted to acquire the means of oblivion .
For example , some countries want to develop smaller and `` usable '' nuclear weapons designed for pre-emptive or preventive military action .
Today , both countries stand on the brink of an historic opportunity : a new international relationship that will foster global security , stronger economies , nuclear nonproliferation , and progress in combating climate change .
But these potential gains will be realized only if US President Barack Obama gives India the attention it deserves , and if both countries broaden the strategic stake by involving their private sectors in issues that governments alone can not resolve .
The recent civil nuclear agreement between the two countries paves the way for cooperation in halting the spread of nuclear weapons .
Over the past decade , economics has pulled the US and India closer . It will continue to power the relationship in the future , even as both countries experience a slowdown during the current economic crisis .
Beyond government cooperation , the creativity and dynamism of businesses , NGOs and private citizens in both countries hold the key to what India and the US can offer each other and the world .
The real problem is relations between the US and European countries , 21 of which belong to both organizations .
Accidents were the leading cause of death among workers in dozens of hazardous industries .
The British cuts reveal a push in developed countries -- one that also started in the US -- to target the kinds of education that lead to an open , vigorous civil society and a population that is hard to suppress .
That allure is why foreign students from emerging countries around the world flock to Britain , putting millions of pounds annually into the coffers of its universities .
But when I traveled in Muslim countries and was invited to join a discussion in women-only settings within Muslim homes , I learned that Muslim attitudes toward women 's appearance and sexuality are not rooted in repression , but in a strong sense of public versus private , of what is due to God and what is due to one 's husband .
In fact , America 's bizarre new policy is likely to remain unique among airports in the industrialized countries , if not the entire world .
Newspapers in most advanced countries are struggling or folding , and investigative reporting is often the first thing they cut .
Rather , cooperating with other international leaders , America tries to solve the world 's true problems : environmental degradation , resource shortages , inadequate literacy , and the appalling poverty in which the `` bottom billion '' live .
Immigrants are seen as arriving on a journey of continual reinvention , driven to exceed their opportunities in their countries of origin .
That has not changed since the 9\/11 terrorist attacks , despite rising hostility toward US Muslims among native-born Americans , based the assumption that they could not assimilate -LRB- a charge often directed in the past at Jews in various countries -RRB- .
`` Second , though we have closed the prisons , we must seek the forgiveness of our fellow nations for the horrors that we committed or with which we colluded by engaging in state-sanctioned torture and `` extraordinary rendition '' of detainees to countries that torture .
This is why many countries , particularly in Europe , have numerical targets driving their education policies : 50 % participation in post-secondary education in the UK or Sweden , for example , or 80 % to baccalaureate level in France .
A few recently industrialized countries have pursued successful government-driven education strategies that seem to boost economic development .
Moreover , for every South Korea , and every Hong Kong , we can also find developing countries where expanding education merely fueled competition for white-collar jobs in a bloated , deadweight state bureaucracy .
Countries like this explain why large international studies often find a negative relationship between education and growth rates .
But it is not only among developing countries that links between education and growth prove elusive .
Switzerland has been one of the richest countries in the world for a century -- and not because of its natural resources .
If you look for a relationship between children 's performance on international surveys of achievement , and their countries ' growth rates twenty years on , you will look in vain .
The environmental challenge is even more stark in developing countries , where five billion of the earth 's six billion people live .
More than a billion people in developing countries lack access to clean water ; more than two billion have no access to basic sanitation .
But the poorer countries pay much of the `` costs '' - losing up to 8 % of their GDP per year due to environmental degradation , as well as suffering devastating effects on health and human welfare .
Rich countries ' larger contribution to environmental damage means that they must shoulder greater responsibility for fixing the problem .
It also means providing more resources to developing countries for environmental conservation .
· Developed countries must set the example by moving toward environmentally friendly production and consumption patterns , including more control of greenhouse gas emissions and use of innovative mechanisms such as Carbon Funds to buy offsets -LRB- reductions in greenhouse gases -RRB- from developing countries .
Richer countries must also increase bilateral and multilateral aid commitments .
· Developing countries must improve their policies governing the critical sectors of water , energy , transport and trade , including pricing policies .
Nine out of 10 of these young people live in developing countries .
That is why 170 youth leaders from 82 countries are gathering this week in Sarajevo , at the invitation of the World Bank , the European Youth Forum , and the Scout Movement .
Automobile dependent countries like America need smart solutions to ensure environmentally sustainable development .
The first tier comprises the affluent countries , notably the United States , European nations , Australia , and Japan -- with a combined population of around one billion and per capita incomes ranging from $ 79,000 -LRB- Luxembourg -RRB- to $ 16,000 -LRB- Republic of Korea -RRB- .
For the past 50 years , these affluent countries have dominated the global economy , producing four-fifths of its economic output .
However , in recent years , a new set of economies has emerged that is contesting the affluent countries ' economic dominance .
These emerging economies -- call them the Globalizers -- constitute a second tier of about 30 poor and middle-income countries -LRB- including China and India -RRB- , with per capita GDP growth rates of 3.5 % or more , and a total population of 3.2 billion , or roughly 50 % of the world 's population .
These countries have experienced unprecedented levels of sustained economic growth that may well enable them to replace the `` Affluents '' as engines of the world economy .
The Globalizers are a large and diverse group of countries -- in size , geography , culture , and history -- that have learned how to integrate optimally with , and leverage , the global economy to catalyze their development .
A third tier is made up of roughly 50 middle-income countries with a combined population of 1.1 billion .
The fourth tier comprises countries that are lagging behind -- the world 's poorest economies , with more than a billion people .
The true development needs of Laggard countries and other parts of the world are not being met , despite the rhetoric of scaling up aid .
Whether it is coastal versus inland or rural versus urban , these countries must tackle the widening disparities , because high inequality may well threaten their very ability to continue growing as they have .
Other countries could learn much from the DPJ 's attempt to alter a status quo of political arrangements that has had half a century to form and consolidate .
Securing the Future of Energy PALO ALTO -- Today 's huge global energy problems in no small measure reflect the essentially nineteenth-century business plans that three of the world 's largest industries are still pursuing .
Until recently , each of these giant industries was comfortable continuing on its familiar and comfortable nineteenth-century path into the twenty-first century .
But recent developments are beginning to create increasingly heavy seas for these industries .
Regarding oil , which dominates transportation , the high concentration of deposits in the Middle East , especially those that can be most cheaply exploited , makes oil-importing countries hostage both to terrorist attacks on the oil infrastructure and to monopoly-determined prices .
Heavy national debt and expensive power are problems for relatively wealthy countries , but they are disasters for sub-Saharan Africa and the rest of the world 's poor .
Salt had been a strategic commodity for millennia -- countries fought wars over salt mines -- because it was the only way to preserve meat .
Transparency International 's Corruption Perception Index , the most widely-used benchmark to gauge businessmen 's and experts ' beliefs about the extent of corruption in various countries , ranked China 78th out of 158 countries in 2005 -- not much improvement from 2000 .
In 2005 , the World Bank ranked China 142nd out of 204 countries on the `` Control of Corruption '' index .
Indeed , among the World Bank 's six `` Governance Indicators , '' China 's score on the `` Rule of Law '' index has also slid in recent years , from -0.28 in 1998 to -0.47 in 2005 , when China ranked 124th out of 208 countries in this category .
`` It 's natural that the state of global markets will have some kind of ripple effect , '' says Greg Kabance , managing director for Latin American structured finance at Fitch Ratings , the international credit ratings agency . `` But Latin American countries , from a credit standpoint , are a lot better off than they have ever been to withstand turbulence and weather global market problems . ''
The Pact 's objective - to enforce fiscal discipline in countries that share the same currency - is worthy .
But having lost control of their national monetary policies , euro member countries retain only one macroeconomic instrument , fiscal policy .
Each country should regain full control of its fiscal policy but delegate its macroeconomic component , decisions about deficits or surpluses , to an independent Fiscal Policy Committee given the long-run mandate of stabilizing , or in some countries reducing , the size of the public debt .
Because all EU member countries must ratify the constitution , a French `` Non '' will , in effect , kill it .
At the same time , successive EU enlargements over the decades have brought in other powerful contenders , chiefly Spain and the UK , as well as smaller countries who are unwilling to bow before French-German leadership .
One after the other , most European countries have reformed their economies , shedding the cozy arrangements that used to protect every interest group from the pressure of competition .
While many private French firms are thriving , they do so by economizing on manpower and , increasingly , by outsourcing production , often to new EU member countries where labor costs are considerably lower .
Public education is in shambles and France 's higher education system now faces competition from other European countries .
The Union 's 25 member countries are very diverse .
The Nordic countries are high-tech leaders ; Spain has slashed its unemployment rate by half -LRB- it stood at 25 % not so long ago -RRB- ; and the new members from Central and Eastern Europe are cruising briskly along a steady catch-up path .
The really sick countries are three of the EU 's four biggest : France , Germany , and Italy .
Then consider these countries ' bloated public services , where jobs are guaranteed for life , promotion is by seniority rather than merit , and customers are seen as a nuisance .
Reforms are relatively easier in smaller countries , probably because winners and losers are likely to be personally connected to each other as relatives , neighbors , or friends .
In large countries , the fear of being on the losing side is not outweighed by people 's appreciation that the country as a whole will do better .
So much for the region 's `` big four '' countries . But bad news is emerging from the smaller countries as well , including the Baltic states .
In barely 15 years , these countries have moved from central planning and economic backwardness to `` normal '' market economies with impressive GDP growth .
In some countries , like Slovakia and Poland , far-right nationalist parties provide another alternative , by offering the soothing appeal of traditional values and familiar enemies .
But the EU 's new member countries have no access to any safety net .
Sadly , then as now , countries never seem to learn from others ' mistakes .
Unconventional policies that aim at weakening the exchange rate are technically possible even at zero interest rates , and they are quite likely to be effective at the level of individual countries .
The risk is that those countries that suffer from the switch retaliate and depreciate their own currencies . That could easily trigger a return to the much-feared competitive depreciations that contributed to the Great Depression .
Major countries also have undergone currency appreciations -- 30 % for Japan and 15 % for China .
These countries , too , are facing a recession , and , while the interest rate has not yet reached its zero bound everywhere , incentives to depreciate might grow in the near future .
Some fairly large countries -- Korea , Sweden , and the United Kingdom , to name a few -- have already undergone some very large depreciations .
None of these countries ' central banks has indicated that it was involved in depreciating its currency .
For Non-KP developed countries , they should undertake comparable commitments with quantified emission reduction targets .
Developed countries should also fulfill their obligations under the Convention to provide financial support and technology transfer to enable developing countries to effectively tackle climate change .
Developing countries will , in the context of sustainable development and with measurable , reportable , and verifiable support in terms of financing , technology , and capacity-building , take nationally appropriate mitigation actions .
Another important innovation is the adoption of restructuring procedures based on other countries ' experiences .
For example , the Chinese government reiterated its core diplomatic principle of non-intervention in other countries ' affairs during the Libya crisis , yet China accepted the imposition of United Nations ' sanctions on Muammar Qaddafi 's government .
Early Confucian thinkers were writing in a world of small countries competing ruthlessly for territorial advantage .
In practice , this means that many young Muslims are utterly preoccupied with events in the Arab and Muslim world . They see what we see : a region where autocratic countries seem corrupt and paralyzed .
This process , indeed , is echoed in the 22 Arab countries , where religious orthodoxy rules out any significant liberal political opposition .
Regardless of their disappointments with the Western countries ' foreign policy , young Muslims have been exposed to their undeniable democratic spirit .
The task for Western policymakers is to recognize the interconnection of foreign and domestic policies . They must become serious about backing legitimate democratic representation in Muslim countries , for only then will Western policy seem less hypocritical .
The Bush administration , having proclaimed a war on terror , invaded and occupied countries , and yet failed to see that these events were being linked in the eyes of people in the region .
A new policy is needed not only in order to halt America 's drift into impotence as it tries to prevent Iraq from spiraling into full-scale civil war , but also because the map of power in the Middle East has changed dramatically .
Metternich 's system worked through much of the nineteenth century , because it protected a genuine balance of power between countries that shared common values .
Until then , he and Bush shared a common worldview , emphasizing the importance of religion , the traditional family -LRB- as both countries understood it -RRB- , social discipline , and the state 's role in supporting these institutions .
But , since the war in Iraq in 2003 and the empowerment of Shia across the region , the Saudi regime faces sizeable , restless , and politically ambitious Shia populations in neighboring Gulf countries , especially Kuwait and Bahrain , as well as in Lebanon .
Thus the two largest countries on the Arabian peninsula -- Saudi Arabia , the biggest in terms of landmass and oil wealth , and Yemen in terms of population -- are now locked in life-and-death struggles with internal enemies .
The paradox is that , though the threat to both countries is the same , each is worsening the outlook for the other by the policies they are pursuing .
The two countries are joined through historical , ethnic , and tribal ties , yet neither has the means to resolve popular resentments and resistance .
Moreover , democratic experiments in countries like Qatar , the only state on the Arabian Peninsula other than Saudi Arabia that embraces the austere Wahhabi form of Islam , provide a telling counterpoint .
Although some democratic experiments have led to greater instability , the poorer countries have no option but to continue on that path .
Indeed , Saudi Arabia was one of only three countries , alongside Pakistan and the United Arab Emirates , to form diplomatic relations with the Taliban government .
One saw women from all walks of life marching in hope of a better future , for themselves and for their countries .
Saudi Arabia , fearing that any role for Iraq in determining regional security would diminish Saudi political and military dominance among the Gulf countries , has still not opened an embassy in Baghdad .
Iraq has attempted to forge a political role for itself within the Arab world by participating in Arab summits , but when its turn came to play host , the summit was postponed for a year , owing partly to the Arab spring , but also to some Gulf countries ' refusal to participate in a meeting held in Baghdad .
And , if anyone tries , they will follow Naif 's counsel : `` What we took by the sword we will hold by the sword . ''
Throughout the region , newly mobilized -LRB- and thus empowered -RRB- Arab youth are trying to move their countries towards reform and liberalization .
Any unilateral measures against North Korea by individual countries must be executed within the broader framework of the new resolution .
Because of this simple fact , the military considerations are very different from those in a conflict between countries that are distant from each other .
True , corruption has also become more common in other countries in recent years , and many democracies are stained by links between politics and finance .
By the fact that he believes and has confidence in you , cares about your true needs , and honestly tells you your mistakes , which he tries to help you correct .
Other great and independent countries , such as Japan , Germany , and Austria , have been subjected for decades to limitations on their acquisition of certain weapons and military equipment .
In my opinion , it is superfluous to ask the Palestinians to recognize the nationhood of a people with thousands of years of history and a state that maintains diplomatic relations with 150 countries around the world .
A demand of this kind was not made of Egypt or Jordan when Israel signed peace agreements with those countries , and it constitutes an entirely useless obstacle on the road to peace with the Palestinians .
Israel achieved remarkable results in the wars fought against far more populous Arab countries in 1948 , 1967 , and 1973 .
Its soldiers are well trained and rely on advanced technologies and military abilities that are superior to those of the Arab countries -- and far better than those of Palestinian militant groups .
Indeed , many highly indebted countries in Latin America conducted similar debt buybacks in the late 1980 's .
Long-term development may give countries more capacity to soften the impact of climate change on the environment and citizens ' health , but in the meantime the planet 's poorest people will need help from the rich .
There are already some serious signs of distress -- the currency war between the United States and China , and its spread to other countries , being a case in point .
The meeting of G-20 finance ministers and central bankers in the South Korean city of Kyeongju on October 22 produced some noteworthy achievements , such as shifting 6 % of the IMF 's voting quota from overrepresented Europe to underrepresented emerging countries , doubling members ' quotas , and reducing Europe 's representation on the Fund 's executive board by two seats .
The Kyeongju meeting decided that the G-20 countries would move toward market-determined exchange rates and pursue `` politics conducive to reducing excessive imbalances and maintaining current-account imbalances at sustainable levels . ''
For 30 years , East Asians have received the ample rewards of Adam Smith 's insight that free trade would bring material benefits to participating countries .
Indeed , any breakthrough to the sort of trust needed to resolve these festering security disputes will require that the three countries establish their annual gatherings as a meaningful multilateral body in its own right -- one that can address major issues in dispute and plan for a better regional future .
Strengthening these two countries ' relations with China would increase the possibility of building a new , peaceful order for Northeast Asia . Indeed , measures aimed at creating a climate of genuine trilateral cooperation are the only effective way to improve regional security .
The move thus signaled the start -- well ahead of other countries -- of China 's `` exit '' from crisis-driven economic policies .
China 's Bad Debtor BEIJING -- Before the global financial crisis hit , critics of China 's economic imbalances -- its twin fiscal and trade surpluses -- mainly concentrated on the misallocation of resources that occurs when poor countries borrow from rich countries at high interest rates and lend the money to them at low interest rates .
Throughout history , there are countless examples of middle-income countries becoming stuck in that category for decades and\/or eventually falling back to low-income status .
The Nobel laureate economist Michael Spence has pointed out that after WWII , only a handful of countries were able to grow to a fully-industrialized level of development .
China has become one of the most polluted countries in the world .
Experts are unanimous : the financial , food and energy crisis will hammer the `` bottom billion '' -- the poorest in some 60 countries that survive on around a dollar a day -- the hardest .
Because of the crisis , many African countries are likely to miss the 2015 deadline for the Millennium Development Goal of poverty reduction .
If developing countries collapse , there will be millions knocking on our front doors , and the first port of call will be Europe .
Such mass migration will severely hurt already strained social relations in some countries and lead to unpredictable consequences .
It needs to promote production and trade , expand agribusiness and agro-industries , and create wealth and new jobs .
The abundance of relevant experiences from the newly industrialized countries in Asia and elsewhere can show African countries how to galvanize their economies , accelerating the process of wealth creation and poverty reduction on the continent .
First , IRENA will hit the ground running in developing policy and spreading technology , partly because the countries instrumental in its birth -- Denmark , Germany , and Spain -- have impeccable `` green '' policy credentials .
Spain was among the first countries to introduce a national energy plan aimed at promoting renewable energy sources and reducing greenhouse-gas emissions .
IRENA is solid proof that our world has the will to turn away from the carbon-clogged past and to fuel a clean , prosperous future that both developed and developing countries can enjoy .
Similar stories of mineral abundance have emerged in other African countries in recent years , including in Chad , Guinea , Liberia , Mauritania , and Sudan .
And , as the rest of the world grapples with austerity measures , such countries should be considering restoration strategies and ways to permanently wean themselves off foreign aid .
Thanks in part to the efforts of celebrities like Bono and Bob Geldof , some African countries were absolved of their long-standing debt a few years ago .
African countries could also choose the Norwegian model , which established the principles that natural wealth belongs to all citizens , including the unborn , and that all mining deals should be completely transparent to the public .
Speaking of the lost decade of the 1980 's in Africa , Mazrui observed that , despite being endowed with superb climatic conditions , few African countries could feed themselves ; likewise , despite being engaged in trade in minerals and cash crops , most countries still wallowed in a state of aid-dependency .
African leaders should use the Natural Resource Charter , launched in Oslo in 2009 , and the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative as guidelines when undertaking any mining negotiations .
The SKA , whose massive collection of dishes would stretch across nine African countries , is a next-generation telescope that will examine gas clouds in the early universe at 100 times the power of the most powerful existing radio telescope , the Very Large Array in New Mexico .
ACS 's employees are but the first Africans to benefit from the hottest trend in the global economy : outsourcing , or the shift of service jobs from high-wage to low-wage countries .
`` Big corporations do n't even have Africa on the map when they consider outsourcing locations , '' says Sambou Makalou , a native of Mali who tries to persuade US employers to shift service jobs to Africa .
Asian countries attract many jobs by creating `` industrial parks , '' with more reliable services , including ultra-reliable communications networks , offered at competitive prices .
By restructuring their secondary schools and universities to train graduates with skills demanded by multinational corporations , Asian countries also create more competitive workforces .
Africa boasts the world 's fastest-growing market for wireless telephony , and Huawei -- with offices in 14 African countries -- is running away with the business , sending scores of engineers into the bush to bring a new generation of low-cost technology to some of the planet 's poorest people .
California 's two most famous industries , Silicon Valley and Hollywood , depend on infusions of talent from abroad .
Its robust agricultural sector is a massive exporter of food , benefiting from the growing appetites of consumers in developing countries .
Making sense of these asymmetries is difficult .
In the Japanese case , only wind and the lack of a land border prevented a major impact on neighboring countries .
Second , such a scheme would impose large costs on only a few companies in a few countries .
This requires , first and most importantly , reducing global warming to the apparently inevitable increase of two degrees Celsius , beyond which lies an environmental catastrophe that could be unmanageable for poor and vulnerable countries .
Second , adequate resources should be made available to poor and vulnerable regions and countries to enable them to adapt to climate change .
Climate change , which was largely brought about by the activities of developed countries , has made it difficult for poor and vulnerable countries to fight poverty .
Developed countries are thus morally obliged to pay partial compensation to poor and vulnerable countries and regions to cover part of the cost of the investments needed to adapt to climate change .
Some argue that developed countries can not come up with such sums , particularly given their current economic challenges .
But no one has so far argued that the cost of damage caused to the development prospects of poor countries and regions is less than the amount of compensation being offered to cover adjustment costs .
Nonetheless , it is argued , whatever the real cost of the damage , developed countries currently can not afford to provide that kind of money .
But we all know that these countries and their national banks were able to spend trillions of dollars in a few months to bail out their bankers , who earned super-profits when the going was good .
It is about moral values that make it appropriate to rescue bankers , who expect everyone but themselves to pay for the mess they created , and inappropriate to compensate the world 's poorest people , whose survival is threatened precisely because of the mess created by developed countries .
I can not believe that people in developed counties , when informed about the issues , would support rescuing bankers and oppose partial compensation for poor countries and regions .
In this regard , at the Copenhagen summit developed countries committed themselves to the goal of jointly mobilizing $ 100 billion annually by 2020 to address the needs of developing countries . These funds would be transferred to developing countries in the context of meaningful -- and transparently implemented -- mitigation measures taken on their behalf .
United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 's High-level Advisory Group on Climate Finance -LRB- AGF -RRB- , which we chaired , was established to identify practical proposals for how developed countries can mobilize this level of climate financing by 2020 .
The 21-member group included heads of state and ministers from both developed and developing countries , representatives from international organizations , experts on public finance and development , and leaders from the private sector .
Admittedly , the current global economic environment has placed public finances in many developed countries under extreme pressure .
Policy instruments based on carbon pricing are particularly attractive , because they raise revenue for adaptation to climate change in developing countries while creating incentives for mitigation in developed countries .
Several sources of financing for adaptation and mitigation efforts in developing countries could be made operational relatively quickly .
Of course , it never really went away , even in countries formally adhering to free-market principles .
Policymakers seem to be of the same opinion , and not just in developing countries , judging by the EU 's launch of its 2020 flagship last year and the United States ' green energy policy .
But , for developing countries , the old dangers of IP continue to apply .
First , policymakers often get it wrong , both when picking which industries to support and in implementing support mechanisms .
Many other developing countries simply can not emulate this success in all respects ; they must formulate plans specific to their own natural endowments , institutions , and business environments .
Whereas the original concept of IP involved shielding industries from international competition , today 's world requires integrating local productive capacity in global value chains .
These include not only World Trade Organization rules , but also proliferating regional and bilateral trade and investment agreements -- all of which have sharply reduced the scope for IP formulation by limiting options for protecting and supporting industries and businesses selectively .
Despite these additional dangers , none of the major multilateral development institutions could easily argue today that developing countries should not formulate a development strategy that envisions sector-specific sources of economic growth , priorities for industrial development , and government support of such development with fiscal , financial , and regulatory measures .
Industrial policies must be based on a country 's factor endowments , and should build on concrete opportunities to integrate industries and firms in global value chains -- for example , by deepening existing linkages with international production networks and export markets -- while avoiding overinvestment in international growth laggards .
Moreover , policymakers should consider which industries deliver the biggest development bang for the buck : export-generating industries do not always have the greatest impact on employment and value added .
Domestic industries , including services , which often account for more than half of value added even in developing economies , should not be neglected .
Pegged exchange rates clearly have been essential to East Asia 's economic takeoff , for they work well with the region 's export-oriented development model . But the effectiveness of a fixed exchange rate is determined by how developments in the export sector influence domestic industries and the national economy as a whole .
Most of China 460,000 foreign-owned enterprises are concentrated in manufacturing and assembling , increasing the import-intensiveness of exports and de-linking the external-trade sector from domestic industries .
However , dollar supremacy means that the US can sustain a much wider balance-of-payments deficit than other countries .
Now , it is laying the groundwork to become a global power in more sophisticated , technology-intensive industries .
Since then , heavy industries -- steel , automobiles , machinery , building materials , energy , and raw materials -- have experienced an unprecedented investment boom , reflecting demand for urban construction , housing , transport , infrastructure , and equipment renewal .
Productivity and profitability in manufacturing and heavy industries picked up , boosting China 's national savings dramatically .
And the two countries have diverged enormously in political , economic , and social terms .
For an elected politician who is unlikely to be in office -LRB- or even alive -RRB- when the bigger costs materialize , the choice is clear . That is why countries build up debt levels that put them in the danger zone .
The European Stability and Growth Pact was an effort to accomplish exactly that -- by creating incentives for eurozone countries to steer clear of the danger zone for debt .
But if the euro is to survive -- and if other countries are to avoid sovereign-debt crises of their own -- we still need politician-proof rules .
Finally , thanks to IMF involvement , even less advanced countries would be able to take advantage of the best international expertise to address the problem .
After all , the European Financial Stability Facility -LRB- EFSF -RRB- , created by the eurozone countries last May , is the largest CDO ever created .
The EFSF , created to assist countries facing `` illiquidity , '' is designed exactly like a CDO .
The EFSF buys the bonds of the countries which find it difficult to finance themselves in the marketplace -LRB- for example , Ireland -RRB- and issues bonds that are AAA rated .
With the EFSF , the overcollateralization takes the form of guarantees by other eurozone countries .
Among the major countries , however , only France and Germany have an AAA rating .
How can a bond guaranteed in large part by countries such as Italy and Spain -LRB- likely candidates for a fiscal crisis -RRB- provide AAA status to Irish bonds ?
Unfortunately , one must wonder to what extent these ratings are distorted by the eurozone countries ' political power .
Independent of this test , however , Germany seems to have squared the circle : it helped the countries in trouble , without coughing up -LRB- for the moment -RRB- any euros .
For developing countries , tighter credit conditions and much weaker growth mean that governments are less able to meet education and health goals , and to invest in the infrastructure needed to sustain growth .
Countries are trying to break the credit freeze , bolster financial institutions , ease interest rates , strengthen safety nets , and revive consumption and investment in order to boost business , enable people to work , and lay the foundation for future growth .
These steps will be most effective if countries act in concert , in a mutually supportive way .
In October , I called for modernizing multilateralism and markets to better reflect the changing world economy and to enable countries to act in concert to address interconnected problems .
Multilateralism , at its best , is a means for solving problems among countries , with the group at the table willing and able to take constructive action together .
It is a positive step that leaders of major developed economies are now meeting with leaders from the rising economic powers . But the poorest developing countries must not be left out in the cold .
In this environment , the global commitment to provide development assistance to the poorest countries must be paramount .
We are speeding up grants and long-term , interest-free loans to the world 's 78 poorest countries , half of them in Africa .
Donors last year pledged $ 42 billion over three years for the World Bank 's fund for these countries , the International Development Association -LRB- IDA -RRB- . This money is vital if we are to meet the Millennium Development Goals .
In addition , the Bank 's lending arm to developing countries , the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development -LRB- IBRD -RRB- , could make new commitments of more than $ 35 billion this fiscal year -- almost triple last year 's -- and up to $ 100 billion over the next three years .
This increase is aimed at protecting the poorest and most vulnerable from harm , supporting countries that face borrowing problems because of broken credit markets , and helping to sustain investments upon which recovery and long-term development will depend .
They will address high-priority problems that have emerged in recent months : expanding trade finance , recapitalizing banks in poorer countries , and sustaining infrastructure investment by helping viable projects facing a liquidity crisis .
At the same time , we will continue special efforts to counter malnutrition and hunger , and provide energy to the poor . Our newly launched $ 6 billion Climate Investment Funds will build practical experience with technology , forestation , and adaptation to support the United Nations negotiations on climate change and assist developing countries .
