The military had developed an entrenched distrust of her , given her position as a popularly supported pro-Western leader who wanted peace with India .
But such cooperation is a concrete way to build mutual trust and confidence .
Even poor whites oppose redistributive policies , owing to racial distrust , if not downright animosity .
But the more tainted the market 's reputation for fairness , the more average citizens will see income differences merely as the result of corruption , illegal activities , connections with public officials , and so on . This will increase demands for more regulation and heavy government involvement in the economy , so as to bring unruly and untrustworthy capitalists under greater control .
But has the anti-trust fight gone too far ?
Much experimental and statistical evidence shows that individuals trust and associate more with others of the same race .
David Kay , perhaps the most effective arms inspector , insisted that he did not trust them .
Now , despite the recent revelations about briberies in the UN 's oil-for-food program for Iraq , the world is clamoring to entrust Annan with the future of more than 20 million Iraqis who survived Saddam Hussein 's depraved dictatorship .
In order to allay misgivings and restore trust in the alliance , it is necessary for the US and South Korea to reaffirm their common interests and values in pursuing deterrence , nonproliferation , stability , and democracy on the Korean peninsula and across Asia .
The former covers antitrust , trade , and the common currency .
Nothing , however , prevents smaller groups of member states from aiming at bolder goals through separate agreements , if their mutual trust and similarities encourage them to do it .
The result would be a welcome place in the European energy market for a Russia that is both trusted and respected by its international partners .
Avoidance of prudential requirements is at the core of today 's financial crisis , exacerbated by the collapse of confidence in a system based on trust .
Turkey 's constructive engagement with the EU creates a sense of trust in the West -- among Western leaders at least , if not yet the general population -- for its regional initiatives . Yet Turkey is also succeeding in keeping an equal distance between both the EU and the US .
Although such incidents reveal a troubling level of mistrust between the Chinese and Japanese that is not merely a product of media coverage , it is noteworthy that both governments have worked consistently , diligently , and with considerable success to resolve such problems and contain their political fallout .
True , the deep , ingrained rivalry and mistrust between Libya 's military-security apparatuses is likely to give rise to splits that will be a key factor in undermining the regime .
One reason for this extreme overcentralization is that Putin does not trust anyone .
But customers do not trust suppliers who cut deliveries , raise prices unpredictably , expropriate competitors , and let production decrease in the way Gazprom and Russia 's other state companies have done .
Russia 's leaders have earned a reputation for being unreliable , quixotic , and unpredictable , but markets like trustworthiness , stability , and predictability .
Moreover , the scars of the 1930 's virtual civil war have still not healed : mutual suspicion and memories of internecine massacres vitiated cooperation and trust .
This warm welcome contrasts with Iraqi distrust of the political exiles who returned on the coattails of the American overthrow of Saddam Hussein 's regime in 2003 .
The Israel of `` Jerusalem '' is one of yearning for Jewish roots , a deep-seated fear of `` the Arabs , '' and an unyielding distrust of `` Gentiles '' and their `` international community . ''
Loss of mutual trust between the parties , and their total incapacity to take even the smallest step towards each other , let alone to observe their commitments without prodding by third parties , made -LRB- and still makes -RRB- an international framework for peace the only way out of the dangerous impasse .
Indeed , one of the Egyptian revolution 's odd features is that it now operates under the exclusive trusteeship of a conservative army .
But Netanyahu does not really trust `` the gentiles '' to supply that type of international recognition of Israel 's borders , not even when America is behind him , and not even when Israel today has the most powerful military capabilities in the Middle East .
Our Arab neighbors should never be trusted ; hence , as Jabotinski preached , the new Israeli nation must erect an Iron Wall of Jewish power to deter its enemies forever .
The government is fortunate to have my lawyer friend 's faith in the legal system , but now it must earn ordinary citizens ' trust by enacting reforms .
Such effect-based jurisdiction has a long tradition in both American and EU extraterritorial application of their respective anti-trust laws .
Even in an enlarged Union , only France and Germany can do that job , provided they make a determined effort to regain the trust of the other , mostly smaller members , old and new .
While these expect little from an often indifferent France , they still , as the discussions in Riga suggest , would be disposed to putting their trust in Germany -- if only German governments once again show they care .
The welcome return to civility is not , therefore , a return to mutual trust .
But they are neither sufficiently aware of the damage done nor realistic enough about the chances of Bush 's potential successors -- many of whom initially supported his adventurism -- to revive the trust and respect their country once enjoyed .
Such obstacles include the absence of an informed and capable workforce , instinctive mistrust and rejection of new ideas and technologies just because they come from the West , lack of respect for those who acquire new knowledge , and endemic discrimination against women .
Her motto , `` My program is yours , '' could prove popular with citizens who , as in many other democracies , do not trust their political elite .
Today 's UN , which entrusts the protection of fundamental human rights to countries that are themselves among the prime violators of these rights , is no longer acceptable .
They view the double standard as a possible source of public distrust in the biomedical research enterprise .
Donors would transfer their tissue to a charitable trust , and would collectively appoint a trustee , who would have legal fiduciary duties to use the tissue for the benefit of the public .
The trust agreement could allow the donor group to participate in the governance of the trust and thus have a say in the distribution of any benefits .
And , by definition , it would work only if the trust is funded on a public basis .
Once it became clear that his gambit would fail , Obasanjo found a compromise : he named a man he trusted , Yar ` Adua , a little-known northern governor and devout Muslim , as his preferred successor .
But , while it will be interesting to see whether he speaks out or is shut up , one should n't read too much into his election : he finished last among those elected , beating by a single vote Tayib Abu Rahman , one of Arafat 's most trusted lieutenants and an old-school hardliner .
The government emptied the Supreme Court of relatively independent judges and installed a more `` trustworthy '' group .
They do n't trust the politicians . ''
It is unlikely that most Pakistanis , despite their distrust of Pakistan 's politicians , will be inclined to turn to someone with Musharraf 's history .
But the tit-for-tat retaliation that has followed the raid reflects deeper sources of mistrust and mutual suspicion .
People do n't trust the professionals .
But distrust of universalism in Asia is not confined to autocrats .
Tolerance , European unity , distrust of nationalism , and vigilance against racism are laudable goals .
When the Dutch , the French , and the Irish voted against the European constitution , they were expressing distrust of their political elites .
And populists who promise to restore national sovereignty by rejecting `` Europe , '' fighting `` Islamization , '' and kicking out immigrants are exploiting this distrust .
The reason for Wilders ' surging popularity , apart from widespread distrust of Muslims , is that he has successfully cultivated an image as a fighter for free speech .
So perhaps the existential fear of some Western intellectuals is easier to explain than their remarkable , sometimes fawning trust in the US government to save the world by force .
The explanation of this mysterious trust may lie elsewhere .
The lack of trust in political elites is linked to a suspicion , which is not entirely irrational , that elected governments have little authority .
Richard Nixon , for example , said of Jews that `` you ca n't trust the bastards , '' but was a great admirer of Israel .
One casualty of that brutal enterprise , apart from the roughly 100,000 Iraqis who have died and the millions more who have become refugees , is trust in the US as a force for good .
Some people are even leaving the relative safety of Tokyo , having lost trust in the government and TEPCO , which has a history of covering up dangerous flaws in its nuclear facilities .
The breakdown of public trust in Japanese officialdom would be worrying were it to lead to a democratic breakdown .
If these books can be read as developing a new idea of Argentina , it is the idea that there is little to trust , that everything is fraudulent , and that leeriness must be our worldview .
For this reason alone , no trust should be placed in claims of eradication of diseases like polio .
Second , more specific provisions on labor , the environment , gender equality , and indigenous rights are needed , as well as anti-trust , regulatory , and judicial reform provisions , for reasons both of principle and political expediency .
Moreover , George W. Bush 's administration quickly promised American support -- the so-called Mérida Initiative , signed in February , 2007 -- and public-opinion polls showed that Calderón had , in one fell swoop , left behind the travails of his close and questioned electoral victory , gaining the trust of the Mexican people .
We must trust the WHO and its associates to come to our rescue , as it did so admirably with SARS .
According to Xu Zhitao , an official at the Chinese Communist Party central committee 's United Front Work Department , the allegation that `` the Karmapa -LRB- may be -RRB- a Chinese agent or spy shows that India is keeping its mistrustful attitude toward China . ''
While the European community was built among democracies , the political systems in Asia are so varied -- and some so opaque -- that building inter-state trust is not easy .
Indeed , high-tech companies like Microsoft and Intel are particularly unsuitable targets for antitrust policing , because regulators can not possibly move at the speed of ` Internet time . '
Only a few years ago , antitrust authorities in the US were convinced that IBM was locking up the computer industry for generations to come .
Rather than preventing monopolization and restraint of trade , as the theory goes , antitrust regulation in the `` new economy '' is a new face of the old `` industrial policy , '' allowing bureaucrats to manipulate economic outcomes and favor companies dearer to them than the consumers ' choice .
Yet regulators persist in trying to inject themselves into these fields , with antitrust authorities claiming that they are ripe with anti-competitive practices and exercises of `` undue market power '' by the most successful market participants .
`` Predatory pricing '' is an old scarecrow of antitrust enforcement .
They can not function beyond a certain level of mutual distrust or a sense on the part of some members that other members have abandoned them .
Judges must not only be honest , but must be seen to be so and , as such , trusted .
One answer must be that voters distrust political parties .
But does the uncertainty now circling Blair like a vulture now smell the appetizingly foul scent of a lie ? Or is it more a question of a prime minister losing the trust of his people , including some his erstwhile friends and allies ?
A leader can tell the truth , nothing but the truth , but less than the whole truth and yet still be trusted .
Once a politician has lost trust however , people will no longer believe him even if he tells the truth .
Ordinary people vaguely associate independence with truth , and partisanship with lies or at least with untrustworthiness .
It may even serve to strengthen trust in the true independence of judges , who are badly needed as an instance of last resort , when the rights of individuals is at risk -- and hence the very rule of law itself .
In the American zone the process was slower and controls were stricter than in the British zone , where local politicians were soon entrusted with power .
This is where the United States really is different from France and Germany , while Britain has a similar tradition of distrusting the state rather than relying on it .
One question always asked in this poll is whether voters tend to trust or mistrust different institutions , such as national parliaments , national governments , and the European Union .
Overall , the general level of trust in the European Union is not high : only 41 % of voters tend to trust the EU , whereas 42 % tend not to trust it .
But in Britain , the figures are dramatically different : only 19 % trust the EU , while 55 % distrust it .
British trust in the European Parliament may stand at only 30 % ; but trust in the Westminster Parliament is much lower , at only 19 % - the lowest figure in the EU .
Trust in the national government is a bit higher , but still only 25 % , while trust in national political parties is only 10 % .
Voters in other states have more confidence in EU institutions , but their opinion of their own institutions is also low . In France , 57 % trust the European Parliament , but only 29 % trust the French parliament ; while the corresponding figures for Germany are 51 % and 23 % .
Yet Blair 's domestic legacy is a mood of disillusion and mistrust , especially of Blair himself .
Another is that Blair consistently seemed to pay much less attention to Parliament than to the right-wing tabloid press : the spin and media manipulation to which his office devoted so much effort worked wonders at first , but soon generated deep skepticism and mistrust .
A Crisis of Trust LONDON -- Public trust in financial institutions , and in the authorities that are supposed to regulate them , was an early casualty of the financial crisis .
But , unfortunately , if this loss of trust persists , it could be costly for us all .
As Ralph Waldo Emerson remarked , `` Our distrust is very expensive . '' The Nobel laureate Kenneth Arrow made the point in economic terms almost 40 years ago : `` It can be plausibly argued that much of the economic backwardness in the world can be explained by the lack of mutual confidence . ''
Indeed , much economic research has demonstrated a powerful relationship between the level of trust in a community and its aggregate economic performance .
Without mutual trust , economic activity is severely constrained .
Even within Europe , there is powerful evidence that countries where mutual trust is higher achieve higher levels of investment , particularly through venture capital investment , and are prepared to use more flexible contracts , which are also beneficial for growth and investment .
So if it is true that trust in financial institutions -- and in the governments that oversee them -- has been damaged by the crisis , we should care a lot , and we should be devising responses which seek to rebuild that trust .
In fact , the evidence for a crisis of trust is rather difficult to interpret .
Surveys promoted by financial firms tend to show that trust in them has not diminished much , and that people continue to trust them even more than they do the National Health Service or the BBC .
Banks quote statistics to show that they are more trusted than supermarkets , whereas supermarkets cite evidence that the opposite is true , and are expanding into financial services in the belief that the public will trust them more than they trust the banks , which have had to be expensively bailed out by the government .
Their financial trust index , based on a large-scale survey of financial decision-makers in American households , did show a sharp fall in trust in late 2008 and early 2009 , following the collapse of Lehman Brothers .
Furthermore , the survey showed that declining trust was strongly correlated with financial behavior .
In other words , if your trust in the market and in the way it is regulated fell sharply , you were less likely to deposit money in banks or invest in stocks .
So falling trust had real economic consequences .
Fortunately , the latest survey , published in July this year , shows that trust in banks and bankers has begun to recover , and quite sharply . This has been positive for the stock market .
It would seem that rebuilding confidence in the Federal Reserve and the Securities and Exchange Commission is economically more important than rebuilding trust in Citibank or AIG .
Some people are very trusting of others , and of the firms and institutions with which they do business . Others are congenitally distrustful .
Researchers at the European University Institute in Florence and UCLA recently demonstrated that there is a relationship between trust and individuals ' income .
It asks simple but powerful questions about how far individuals are inclined to trust those with whom they deal .
Is that just because low-income people feel that life is unfair and therefore distrust those around them ?
It would seem not , as it is also true that very trusting people also have lower incomes than the average .
When anyone I do n't know says `` trust me '' -- an irritating conversational tic -- I usually close my wallet .
Maybe we should trust each other more -- but not too much .
Politicians acknowledge , in their more rational moments -LRB- yes , they have them -RRB- , that they ca n't be trusted with the interest-rate weapon , especially as an election approaches .
Perhaps inevitably , the SCO -- and Russia and China as its leading members -- regards NATO 's increased presence in the region with some mistrust .
Yet , as I look at the world economy , I see a very different picture -- one in which markets ' trust in the quality of government liabilities of the global North 's core economies most certainly is not on the brink of collapse .
An IMF program restores confidence in the fiscal soundness of governments that markets distrust .
By making it clear from the outset that it did not trust its own policy , the ECB practically guaranteed its failure .
But , since the dawn of the Industrial Revolution , part of that system has been a central financial authority that preserves trust that contracts will be fulfilled and promises kept .
No one in this supposedly conservative administration had ever heard of Machiavelli 's 500-year-old warning not to trust exiles ?
The years 1960 to 1985 formed the era in which development was to be financed by public institutions like the World Bank , because market failures and distrust of governments made it hard for poor countries to borrow privately .
The central bias of this toolkit is that we should trust the market to solve the problems we set it , and that we should not expect small -LRB- or even large -RRB- changes to have huge effects .
The consequence has been a loss of morale among those of us who trusted market forces and social-democratic governments to prove Marx wrong about income distribution in the long run -- and a search for new and different tools of economic management .
BERKELEY -- For more than 170 years , it has been accepted doctrine that markets are not to be trusted when there is a liquidity squeeze .
For more than half that time -- say , 85 years -- it has been accepted doctrine that markets are also not to be trusted even in normal times , lest doing so lead to a liquidity squeeze or to an inflationary bubble .
And the banks themselves are back to business-as-usual : anxious to block any financial-sector reform and trusting congressmen eager for campaign contributions to delay and disrupt the legislative process .
The use of social dialogue for crisis management should be increased , because trust must be rebuilt .
At the heart of the American-Iranian conflict is a deep mistrust about each nation 's readiness to tolerate the presence of the other on the world stage .
What is needed is a process that rebuilds trust and communication so that the give-and-take of negotiation is perceived as serving mutual interests rather than serving up insults to national dignity or identity .
Distrust will continue , signals will be confused , setbacks will be frequent , but the results could well lead over time to greater mutual understanding and a learned capacity to work on some of the most pressing problems , just as the US learned to do with the Soviet Union and China .
With little trust in existing institutions to implement reforms , Djindjic often took shortcuts , using extra-legal means and improvised parliamentary majorities to push through legislation .
The Administration essentially said , `` trust us to do what 's right . ''
Clearly , the court thought that such trust had not been earned .
Capitalism involves a delicate problem of agency and trust ; giving managers the green light for entrepreneurship is not enough to make certain that the interests of investors are safeguarded ; nor is it enough for stock markets to price securities realistically .
Capitalism is a public trust ; it works if everybody has a fair chance and corporate theft receives highly visible punishments .
Because capitalism redistributes aggressively , it is vital that there be trust , transparency and accountability .
Throughout southern Africa , lingering resentments associated with colonization fuel distrust of the major Western powers , which continue to control the key institutions so determinative of the region 's future , notably the IMF and the World Bank .
That 's how it feels to live in Mexico nowadays : far from democratic normalcy ; far from a health system that inspires confidence ; far from a government that builds trust ; far from home and close to everything that imperils it .
But that does n't mean they trust the government .
Seventy-five percent of crimes are not reported due to lack of trust in the authorities , and 98 % of crimes are never resolved or punished .
Facts are holy , but not all media that claim to report them , `` new '' or old , can be trusted .
In short , there is no regulatory system that I trust more than the current messy world of conflicting interests .
Microsoft has been in antitrust trouble for 15 years , and , despite the company 's recent agreement with the European Union to license its source code , it will probably be in trouble again .
When that happens , I hope the antitrust authorities will consider a remedy that Ian Ayres , Hal Varian , and I devised .
The administration of President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner generates a great deal of distrust among local and foreign investors , who fear arbitrary measures .
Because they did not trust the IMF to assume the powers of a global central bank , the Fund 's members established high hurdles to creating SDRs .
Or it could be that national policymakers do n't trust the IMF , given that it essentially missed the global financial crisis .
In that sense , the ECB may have been too trusting .
For Russian leaders , 1989 's lesson was clear : trusting the West was foolish at best , dangerous at worst .
The Kremlin trusted the West in 1989 . Subsequent Russian leaders refuse to be duped again .
After all , most US voters can be trusted not to learn how other countries , let alone countries in the Far East , really work .
We are convinced that the way these policies are carried out will only deepen mistrust , heighten polarization , and embed hatred between neighbors who have to learn to live with each other .
What amazes our neighbors and partners -- and increasingly causes distrust -- is that ever since the beginning of the global meltdown last September , the German government has focused almost exclusively on national crisis management , rebuffing any and all attempts at a European approach .
While today 's quarrel is about who should pay for restructuring Greece , the real issue is the latent distrust between the two partners , which carries the danger of a permanent estrangement .
So , as Germans once again see their `` Iron Chancellor '' deliver butter-soft results , they are increasingly likely to trust those who warn that the government is being tricked into a `` transfer union '' that uses German money to finance handouts for fiscally lax EU members .
It is a structure that is squandering the trust of citizens and markets in its ability to resolve conflicts -- while pushing the international financial system to the brink of disaster .
Policy advisers argued that gaining Israel 's trust was necessary to win support for a European role in the peace process .
As a theoretical physicist , I had been trained to trust only mathematical and logical arguments and to view experimental evidence as fallible .
From the beginning , the inner world of those entrusted to make recommendations was marked by personal and principled discord over how to interpret Alfred Nobel 's cryptic will and to whom prizes should be awarded .
Clipping the Euro 's Wings French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's call for the European Central Bank to intervene to curtail the soaring euro is commonly seen as a sign that he neither understands nor trusts markets .
Is Russia a trustworthy partner in these areas ?
Tolerance for failure was slim in both initiatives , so they tended to rely on the previous generation of scientific insight , because the resulting technology was more trustworthy .
Subsistence flowed according to their goodwill and was supported by conventions of sharing and trust .
But it is beginning to emerge that many also preferred to stay in a social environment that they trusted rather than fleeing to safer , but foreign , surroundings .
At the same time , relief efforts should be managed by a local science center that is known and trusted by those in danger .
This would help establish the trust that is now sorely lacking , and create conditions to restart productive negotiations .
The trust and understanding built at Reykjavik paved the way for two historic treaties .
By linking an array of interrelated matters , Reagan and I built the trust and understanding needed to moderate a nuclear-arms race of which we had lost control .
What seem to be lacking today are leaders with the boldness and vision to build the trust needed to reintroduce nuclear disarmament as the centerpiece of a peaceful global order .
But demand for asset management outstrips supply , and several thousand financial-management , trust , and consultancy companies now manage individual and corporate wealth .
Funding the next intra-eurozone rescue will be rather cumbersome and costly , because financial markets distrust complicated structures like the one set up to finance the EFSF .
But markets do not trust this message -- and for good reason : it is not credible , because it makes no economic sense .
This language implies that member states will no longer be the masters of their broad policy orientations . Instead , these will be entrusted to the Union , presumably with formal Commission powers of initiative in their preparation .
In the presidential election of June 2006 , he received 45.5 % of the vote -- not enough to defeat Alan García , but sufficient to show how deeply he had tapped into the hopes and trust of many Peruvians .
Opinion polls indicate a good deal of support among the American public for the UN . But there is also intense distrust of the UN among segments of the public and with certain elites .
Add to this the congenital French mistrust of liberalism -- indeed , French is one of the rare languages in which the word `` liberalism '' has a pejorative connotation -- joined to an equally deep-rooted perception of the state -LRB- again , on both the right and the left -RRB- as the defender of the general interest par excellence .
The battle being fought for the soul of the Middle East can not be won online , nor can it be subdued through the cynical manipulation of trust and fear .
Only the beginning of public trust will allow problems to be correctly diagnosed and addressed .
Indeed , such solidarity , when expressed at times like this , can engender feelings of gratitude and trust that can last for generations .
In deploying soldiers to Afghanistan and Iraq , he was convinced that he was both morally correct and politically right to stand by Britain 's main historic ally , the United States . -LRB- It is reasonably certain that he would not have trusted Brown to do any of these things in the face of any serious opposition , and also reasonably certain that he was correct to think so . -RRB-
Instead of entrusting America with the arduous task of safeguarding international stability on its own , the BRICs -LRB- Brazil , Russia , India , and China -RRB- will assume a more prominent role in policing their own backyards .
And economic stagnation in the West will inevitably exacerbate distrust vis-à-vis the rising power as the relative gains from trade diminish and defensive and even protectionist policies likely follow -- no matter how much China smiles at the world .
But even Germany 's Iron Chancellor had to watch as distrust , economic nationalism , and populism pulled the European powers into a downward spiral of trade wars and diplomatic rivalry .
The most harmful consequence is the public 's loss of trust in the system .
So instead of mistrusting one person , they grew suspicious of an institution - even of government itself .
But can the Islamists be trusted ?
In the process , they gained credibility as trustworthy advocates of the people -- a real distinction from repressive and corrupt governments .
In Indonesia , we signed a hundred laws in less than 18 months , covering everything from media freedom to elections , corruption , decentralization , and anti-trust rules .
If China is to honor its commitments on a wide range of international issues -- trade , product safety , and environmental protection , to name just a few -- and command genuine trust and respect at home and abroad , it will need to embrace people like Zhao , not silence them .
A cursory glance at most of the conflict-ridden countries in Africa shows that monopolization of political power over extended periods of time has not only helped institutionalize corruption , as leaders surround themselves with trusted relatives and cronies , but has also been a major cause of coups and conflict .
As a result , elaborate systems of laws are needed to ensure that competition is open and fair , that monopolies and trusts do not destroy competition itself .
The 1907 panic started in the United States , owing to a rise in interest rates as farmers in the West were paid for their crops and financial scandals in New York that seemed to implicate a large financial institution , the Knickerbocker trust .
Suddenly , as today , even big banks did not trust each other .
But so long as the anti-trust case remained a threat , IBM was nervous , and began to back away from its business model .
Microsoft 's current position is a direct outcome of the old anti-trust case pushed against IBM .
Entrusting monetary policy to an independent central bank promised to be a perfect way to counter the political pressure to print money .
Nixon intrinsically distrusted multilateralism .
Within the space of a few years , the pound 's reign as a trusted international currency was over .
The inter-bank market dries up , as banks lose trust in one another .
But the US gradually , if imperfectly , built up trust through multilateral institutions .
States could apparently almost magically create security and trust simply by imposing it .
But now , in the wake of the financial crisis , a tide of distrust is sweeping the world -- including a new and widespread fear that central banks are incapable of controlling inflation .
In the first half of the 1990 's , many observers of the alleged Asian economic miracle emphasized trust and families ' capacity to cooperate with political authorities in order to realize long-term growth plans .
Historically , the resilience of family firms was rooted in the fact that they were good at managing trust when other institutions - the state or the market - were shaky .
As consumers , we recognize the big brands because so much has been invested in them , and we are invited to trust them .
Family ownership builds trust and promises a commitment to long-run income and employment .
A leftover Soviet distrust of outsiders colors many opinions , and there 's an oft-repeated claim that the culture is different : an intervention that works in the West might fail in the East .
Like farmers all over the world , Iraqi farmers mistrust their government .
So , although both sides endorse the idea of a `` mutually beneficial strategic relationship , '' and despite progress bilateral on military exchanges , mutual trust and confidence-building have a long way to go .
Then , there is the issue of trust .
In retrospect , the breakthrough legislation -- not just for the US , but also internationally -- was the Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890 .
Why are these antitrust tools not used against today 's megabanks , which have become so powerful that they can sway legislation and regulation massively in their favor , while also receiving generous taxpayer-financed bailouts as needed ?
The banks do not have monopoly pricing power in the traditional sense , and their market share -- at the national level -- is lower than what would trigger an antitrust investigation in the non-financial sectors .
Now , however , a new form of antitrust arrives -- in the form of the Kanjorski Amendment , whose language was embedded in the Dodd-Frank bill .
In many developing countries , village associations that are solely based on trust and peer pressure provide access to credit and insurance , guarantee help in times of distress , and facilitate the construction of public roads and sewage systems .
Another series of studies has shown that when the hormone oxytocin is administered via nasal spray , it increases trusting and cooperative behavior within social groups , but also decreases cooperation with those perceived as outsiders .
At the time of the Boxer Rebellion , Japan responded to requests for help from the international community and won world trust through the sacrifices it made .
Its passivity cost Japan the trust of the international community .
This might partly explain why Khamenei has been mistrustful of negotiations with the West .
This type of disruptive innovation usually comes from entrepreneurs . But entrepreneurs face daunting barriers , such as inadequate logistics , lack of consumer financing , poorly trained workers , consumer distrust of new technologies , high-cost marketing channels , backlash from existing merchants or moneylenders , and under-developed regulation .
Determined to outbid Gorbachev as a reformer , he persuaded liberals to overcome their distrust of his provincial manners .
Unfortunately , the cruelty of chance also lies at the heart of the centuries of mistrust between Poland and Russia .
The irony -LRB- if there is an irony at all -RRB- is that this tragedy came at a time when mistrust seemed , at long last , to be giving way to better , more businesslike relations and greater understanding between the two countries .
But Kaczynski , a member of Solidarity in the 1980 's who was eager to overthrow the communist regime , was more mistrustful of the Russians than Tusk .
When the pilot of the presidential plane -LRB- ironically , again , Soviet made -RRB- was advised not to land in the thick fog , either he , or perhaps even the president himself , may have mistrusted the Russians ' willingness to give honest advice .
There is nothing new in the mistrust of the masses expressed by people like Chubais or Yurgens , or in Medvedev 's putative desire to impose modernization from the top .
There is near-universal loss of trust in institutions and leaders .
Revitalizing EU membership talks is the only way to reconstitute trust between the government , liberals , and the secular establishment , and in turn reinvigorate the reform process in the country .
Instead of dealing with these concrete threats to Japan , Hatoyama continues to act like an opposition politician by attacking the LDP and undermining one of the proudest achievements of LDP rule , the deep and trusting alliance with the US .
In November , when US President Barack Obama visited Japan , Hatoyama uttered the words `` trust me '' in an attempt to settle the issue .
He also earned the distrust of the United States , Japan 's most important ally , by advocating the relocation outside Japan of a US air base on Okinawa .
Economic failure , chronic food shortages , mounting public distrust of and animosity toward Kim 's government , and an apparent reluctance within elements of the North Korean military to go to war all point to the regime 's increasing fragility .
Indeed , in a country where trust rarely exists , Kim Kyong-hui is the only blood relation whom Kim Jong-il has ever fully trusted .
A key priority must be to increase investment by creating a climate of trust .
In order to avoid the recurring crises of the past , Argentina must re-establish trust and implement a macroeconomic program to slow inflation , maintain fiscal balance , and promote investment , technological development , and education .
Moreover , America ca n't be trusted to pursue international price stability .
Leftovers from the past - conspiracy theories , mistrust , spy-hunting , and embargoes on technological exchanges - should be consigned to the past .
When asked by the latest Gallup Balkan Monitor poll to say whom they trust , most respondents expressed faith in the Church , the EU , and the United Nations , but were deeply suspicious of national institutions , including those that are elected .
The ECB is not the old Bundesbank , which had such public support and trust in Germany that it could get away with almost anything .
In Poland the liberals who were the brains-trust of Solidarity wanted , at first , weak government but realized the impossibility of this .
His brother , Jaroslaw , has always evoked popular mistrust .
Joint efforts to combat drug trafficking in Afghanistan , for example , could help dilute the mutual antagonism and distrust that contribute to blockage on the nuclear front .
Through private discussions with trusted friends , everyone sensed that discontent was common , yet no one knew , or could know , the extent of it .
Arabs do n't trust it , either .
Its social fabric , like that of many other countries around the world , depends on mutual trust among citizens .
If a country 's monetary policy can not be trusted , the best remedy , this logic suggests , is to limit or eliminate its capacity to have one . Yet the hard-money cure can not withstand scrutiny .
Neither side trusts the other , so social wars have replaced meaningful political progress .
So expectations outpace reality , with politicians contributing to this by promising more than they can deliver -- and thus losing the trust of their constituents .
A decline in extreme poverty and inequality , and the creation of trustworthy institutions , can be achieved in the country 's beguiled by caudillismo only if the caudillo loses control of the wealth that sustains his rule .
In addition , there is rising mistrust of politicians who can not fulfill promises to halt immigration , accompanied by perceptions of immigrants as law-breakers rather than enterprising people , and mistreatment of refugees aimed at deterring people who want to work from applying for asylum .
Now , as China rises and Japan declines , the old , deep-seated suspicions , tensions , and distrust are resurfacing .
It damages the trust needed for stronger trade relations .
Since ill health forced Fidel Castro to retire from Cuba 's leadership , Raúl has opened the doors to the military and pushed out even those civilians who had been his brother 's trusted associates .
Surveys carried out in El Salvador , Nicaragua , Bolivia , and Paraguay in the last decade have shown that people exposed to corruption have less confidence in the political system and lower trust in other citizens .
And if we can not trust our models , we can not know what policy action to take if we want to make a difference .
The public should be in no doubt about this , for their trust is essential .
If it is numbers Saddam wants , he can get them from the `` Fedayeen Saddam , '' which contains 15,000 men recruited from trusted tribes . For really big numbers , there is the Jaysh al-Sha ` abi Popular Army , a party militia with 150,000 men and women in Baghdad alone .
In the long run , this does not bode well for their global reputations , which depend on users ' trust in the openness and independence of their products and services .
Commerce fosters the habits of trust and cooperation on which stable democracy depends .
Mistrust and anger toward a corrupt and inefficient political class , coupled with skepticism about democracy -- even nostalgia for communism -- is to be found nowadays not only in Romania , but also in some other parts of Eastern Europe .
Of course , the source of such an astonishing finding is difficult to trust , like everything else in Romanian politics , but the vulgar and radical coarsening of public discourse -- now peppered with old-new xenophobic elements -- is clear enough .
But the fiscal realities on both sides of the Atlantic nowadays are very similar , and only lingering trust in the promise of America keeps alive the expectation among some Europeans that some grand American coup de théâtre will resolve the country 's dire debt situation .
With that change , the banker 's traditional imperative to maintain fidelity and trust -- to `` keep faith , '' as Higginson put it -- was forgotten .
The challenges that face Prime Minister Prachanda , the incoming coalition government , and the Constituent Assembly , are immense , and trust is fragile .
So Japan 's choice comes down to one between a distrusted LDP and an incompetent DPJ .
Thus , the current US-Japanese estrangement is being driven by a spiral of mistrust that does not stem from geo-strategic concerns .
We need to accept that not everything can be run from the center , which means more trust and more partnership , but also more willingness to shoulder responsibility further down the line .
The opaqueness , wholly unnecessary complexity , and near impossibility of undertaking independent due diligence on these structures ' underlying risk have undermined trust in the securitization market .
Rather than restoring the trust and confidence in capital markets needed for recovery , those European Union members and banking federations that submitted `` wrecking amendments '' to the due diligence and securitization proposals are reinforcing the suspicion that is now embedded within them .
Some of our participants reported having forgotten episodes of nonviolent sexual abuse perpetrated by a trusted adult .
This system , which allows organs to be harvested also from refusers who have failed to express their refusal , has not increased trust in medicine , either .
Moreover , it is likely to discriminate against people who are either unaware of the donor-card system or tend to refuse to sign the card for reasons associated with religious beliefs or low trust in the medical authorities .
A recent Gallup poll showed that 36 % of people questioned in all 27 EU countries no longer trust the parliament , with the only consolation being that even more , 37 % , now mistrust the European Commission .
As with people , so too with states : trust once lost is extremely difficult to regain .
Organized purely as an intergovernmental policy program , the pact can not work , because EU member states can not be trusted to monitor their own performance and enforce sanctions on their peers -- or on themselves .
NEW YORK -- The world 's economies are becoming more interdependent than ever , but economic nationalism , protectionism , and beggar-thy-neighbor attitudes are threatening the bonds of trust and cooperation that a truly globalized economy requires .
Insults and squabbles fill our political stage and ruin the citizens ' trust in the government .
Incidentally , I think it would be far more revealing to draw up a list of those states that have destroyed or damaged the relationship of trust with their citizens to such an extent that they can only secure their tax revenues by criminalizing tax evasion and trampling on privacy .
True raj dharma -LRB- good governance -RRB- creates the conditions for social trust and tolerance to flourish .
By 2006 , distrust of Americans , British , and French had reached 90 % , and attitudes toward Iraq 's neighbors were also tense .
Mousavi must carefully continue his legal campaign , without compromising the trust he has gained from the majority of Iranians .
Voters like to be consulted , and citizens love to express themselves , but at the end of the day , they want a leader , someone they can trust .
You can ask for greater sacrifices and require greater patience from people whose trust and full support you have managed to gain .
Corruption eats away at a society from within , destroying citizens ' trust in a future based on a shared sense of common good .
Entering the crisis , the International Monetary Fund was underfunded , and it continues to lack credibility and trust in certain systemically important parts of the world .
Thus , there remains the central question of trust and confidence in the system , which have been badly damaged and will take time to rebuild .
Moreover , the Greek government turned out to be untrustworthy .
While NATO and the EU have improved their working relations , more steps need to be taken to eliminate mistrust , unhealthy competition , and information-sharing blockages .
The high point of disillusion with Russia 's top leaders passed in 1999 , when the level of trust in Yeltsin sunk to around 3 % .
The ERC puts its trust into the researchers it funds to know where the `` frontier '' of science is .
The rhetoric of reform was dropped as President Kibaki handed out title deeds of national trust and parkland to gain votes .
Obama 's New World Order As the world digests President Barack Obama 's recent historic speech in Cairo , one conclusion is readily apparent : it will take more than a single speech to effect reconciliation between the United States and the Islamic world , after years of hostility and mistrust .
The emerging consensus in India in support of greater rights and freedoms for women , while certainly causing some upheaval and adjustment -LRB- especially within the growing middle classes -RRB- has not yet -- and might never -- poison the basic trust and warmth between men and women .
Critics complain that this approach places too much trust in a Security Council that can be paralyzed by politics and the veto .
Even in supposedly friendly countries like Jordan and Pakistan , more people say they trust Osama Bin Laden than George Bush .
The US can not reach a trade agreement or settle anti-trust cases without the approval of the EU Commission .
For the game to go on indefinitely , you must maintain the trust of the other players .
Rumsfeld 's mistrust of the European approach contains a grain of truth .
Finally , while one can understand a former superpower 's temptation to seize its opportunity to return to a muscular foreign policy , Russia 's bullying in the energy area is destroying trust and undercutting Russia 's soft power in other countries .
The Bush Administration felt betrayed by French diplomatic tactics at the United Nations , while French President Jacques Chirac felt confirmed in his mistrust of the sole superpower and his call for a multipolar world .
If the overall climate is one of distrust , what looks like a hedge to one side can look like a threat to the other .
The US can not reach a trade agreement or settle anti-trust cases without the approval of the EU .
America can not get the outcomes it wants in trade , antitrust , or other areas without the cooperation of the European Union , China , Japan , and others .
In 2010 , only one-fifth of Americans said that they trusted the government to do what is right all or most of the time .
As former Clinton administration official William Galston put it , `` trust is never more important than when citizens are asked to make sacrifices for a brighter future .
Mistrust of the government making this request could be the harbinger -- even the cause -- of national decline . ''
The US was founded in part on mistrust of government , and a long tradition traceable to Thomas Jefferson holds that Americans should not worry too much about low levels of confidence in government .
But nasty politics is nothing new , and much of the evidence for loss of trust in government comes from polling data , which weighs responses that are sensitive to the way questions are asked .
A climate of distrust can also trigger extreme actions by deviant members of the population , such as the bombing of a federal office building in Oklahoma City in 1995 .
Russia 's robber-baron capitalism lacks the kind of effective regulation that creates trust in market relationships .
Instead of containment , the strategy that the Clinton administration devised could be termed `` integrate but hedge '' -- something like Ronald Reagan 's `` trust but verify '' approach to strategic agreements with the Soviets .
The discontent within Germany with the cumulative impact of these decisions has been expressed publicly by some of the country 's most trusted public representatives .
Second , Mr. Zhu said he would wipe out the many bad debts of China 's banks and `` international trust companies . ''
At the time , there were 245 such trust companies , which had such a poor record of repayment that overseas investors were beginning to shun China entirely .
Buhari has wide support in the north and Abubakar has a formidable and well-resourced party machine ; but mutual distrust run deep in both camps .
Still , one is left wonder if this new collaborative bonhomie and ethnic bonding will prove strong enough to cut through not only the long history of distrustful interactions between the US and China , but also the destabilizing effects of China 's sudden economic rise ?
For , although the US has drawn strength from the ideal of a `` melting pot '' -- and President Barack Obama 's cabinet does represent a new high-water mark for diversity -- Americans have often shown a xenophobic distrust of immigrants who have drawn too close to power .
As a result , the Party leadership became steeped in suspicion and distrust toward the outside world , especially toward the so-called `` great powers . ''
Even though relations with the US have improved , the People 's Republic is far from being trusted .
As minister for foreign affairs , she appeared to distrust Syria 's peace signals but kept an open link of negotiation with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas .
Serious criticism comes from unexpected places : philosophers you knew and learned from , scientists to whom you had entrusted your priceless collections to describe .
Toledo later claimed that he was wrong to trust Almeyda , but few believed that the president had not known what Almeyda , a trusted confidante , had done .
A traditional party leader says to his followers , `` You can trust me . ''
I think the future for progressive politics lies in leaders trusting citizens .
In an information society they will be those who are trusted to be able to help interpret or analyze what is happening .
We in the former PASOK government instead helped create a more positive framework by declaring our commitment to work for consensus , thereby creating the basis for trust and mutual understanding .
The fall of the Berlin Wall marked the end of an era of mistrust and division , and opened the way for cooperation aimed at a peaceful and stable Europe .
By contrast , consider the way France and Germany have buried the hatchet and learned to live in peace and trust .
Their intent was not to replace the many economic dialogues already taking place , but to create a senior-level forum that was both comprehensive and strategic . A forum that would also build trust on both sides by demonstrating progress on the immediate issues we face .
Transparency would also foster trust between companies and local communities .
Chirac 's outburst is so damaging to European unity precisely because it undermines this most fundamental kernel of trust .
Iranian policymakers must , therefore , try to develop their own ideas for a negotiated resolution of the nuclear and other regional security issues , as well as to think about how Iran can rebuild trust in its actions .
Incendiary statements about Israel exacerbate the lack of trust among Iran 's would-be partners , and make it hard for those in Europe and the US who are interested in building more favorable relations . Iran hints that it wants to have a high-level dialogue with the US in the not-too-distant future .
Iran could also build trust if it became more transparent , particularly about its own strategic ambitions .
American antitrust law , when transplanted to Japan after World War II by General MacArthur , for example , led to only six criminal prosecutions in thirty years .
When they entrusted him with responsibility for convening the constituent assembly , the Bolsheviks knew what they wanted to do with the constituent assembly , because they knew Stalin as a person who would not stop at anything .
The fact that an even larger catastrophe would have resulted had governments not been willing to draw on taxpayer funds to bail out the banks was an additional blow to those who have told us to trust the unregulated market .
But if Georgians shiver through another energy-less winter in 2004 , they could well lose their patience -- and their trust in democracy .
As a group , neither behavioral economists , who think that market efficiency is a joke , nor progressive economists , who distrust free markets , predicted the crisis .
One way to restore trust may be disclosure -- for economists to declare a monetary interest in a particular analysis and , more generally , to explain who pays us .
And the problems are not solved with a financial regulatory bill entrusting more powers to those regulators .
Were the US Senate to fail to ratify New START , the treaty 's proponents argue that the US would lose predictability about Russia 's nuclear activities , resulting in greater distrust and risk of miscalculation , making both sides less secure .
Cory provided policy guidance as Commander-in-Chief , but trusted the Defense Department and Armed Forces to carry out their missions in the face of 9 coup attempts which were all frustrated . These mutinies were all death-dealing situations that threatened national stability , and yet she never flinched .
Ever since 1994 , when Vietnam 's President Le Duc Anh held the presidency of ASEAN , I have proposed to ASEAN leaders that the Spratlys be demilitarized as a first step toward building trust .
It was Kolakowski 's fate -- a curse , if the Chinese proverb is to be trusted -- to `` live in interesting times . ''
As a result , banks distrust one another and have mostly stopped lending to each other , which jeopardizes economic activity by severely reducing the availability of credit to businesses .
There is no global anti-trust authority , no global lender of last resort , no global regulator , no global safety nets , and , of course , no global democracy .
Anti-trust policies were spearheaded in the Unites States .
The Fund will require internal reforms to earn that trust fully .
Thanks to decades of low investment in statistical capacity , no one trusts the Greek government 's figures .
Last but not least , however , it is important to try to preserve dynamism in the US and European economies through productivity-enhancing measures -- for example , by being vigilant about anti-trust policy , and by streamlining and simplifying tax systems .
The main problem in the NATO-Russia relationship is not a lack of institutions , documents , or procedures , but a lack of transparency , confidence , and mutual trust .
This signals risk aversion and mistrust of counterparties .
At the same time , monetary injections can not resolve the generalized uncertainty of a financial system in which globalization and securitization have led to a lack of transparency that has undermined trust and confidence .
When you mistrust your financial counterparties , you wo n't want to lend to them , no matter how much money you have .
There is little chance that banks will re-lend to these non-banks the funds they borrowed from central banks , given these banks ' own severe liquidity problems and mistrust of non-bank counterparties .
Perhaps of greatest concern , moreover , is that the public , especially in poor countries that can not undertake offsetting measures , will come to distrust global integration , with multinationals viewed as Trojan horses .
So , for example , two meetings a year at the head-of-government level and quarterly meetings at the finance-minister level -LRB- with more at the deputy-minister level -RRB- would provide ample time for dialogue , and thus for trust-building , and would allow the commitments made by the heads of government to be monitored .
Many Israelis distrust his ability to lead the country .
Sometimes this involves a terrorist attack by radical Palestinians against Israeli civilians , in the hope of provoking an exaggerated violent response from Israel that breaks the process of trust building among moderates on both sides .
Lasting solutions will require partnerships between government , business , and civil society , which can be hard to negotiate and manage , since these different sectors of society often have little or no experience in dealing with each other and may mistrust each other considerably .
How can our economic life be re-ordered to recreate a sense of community , trust , and environmental sustainability ?
Yet politics in the US has increasingly allowed corporate profits to dominate all other aspirations : fairness , justice , trust , physical and mental health , and environmental sustainability .
It is weakening social trust and mental stability , with the prevalence of clinical depression apparently on the rise .
Most countries invest to measure GNP , but spend little to identify the sources of poor health -LRB- like fast foods and excessive TV watching -RRB- , declining social trust , and environmental degradation .
To be sure , we should support economic growth and development , but only in a broader context : one that promotes environmental sustainability and the values of compassion and honesty that are required for social trust .
Robert Putnam , the leading scholar of America 's declining sense of community , has found that TV viewing is the central explanation of the decline of `` social capital , '' the trust that binds communities together .
Americans simply trust each other less than they did a generation ago .
Many neuroscientists believe that the mental-health effects of TV viewing might run even deeper than addiction , consumerism , loss of social trust , and political propaganda .
We can all leave the TV off more hours per day and spend that time reading , talking with each other , and rebuilding the bases of personal health and social trust .
Can governments be trusted to follow through on their commitments ?
The Oslo Peace Process was built on the premise that moderates on both sides would gradually gain each other 's trust and move steadily towards compromise .
Extremists simply have enough power to undermine a process based on trust alone .
Yet the spark in Bolivia was more than a regional economic crisis amplified by bad geography and a distrusted gas deal .
Their brain trust is either in prison , under virtual house arrest , or unable to communicate freely .
Arriving from different staring points , both the United States and China now find themselves confronting a similar challenge : restoring global trust and respect .
Yet one historical law does seem to apply : in an immense economic crisis , the voters stick with the people whose economic competence they have traditionally trusted -- that is , the very people who led them to ruin .
In this case , unlike in the 1930 's , banks stopped trusting each other before the rest of us realized that it was time to stop trusting banks .
The third false lesson is that if we could only maintain confidence in the financial system -LRB- and by extension the wider economic system -RRB- , the system itself could be trusted to survive and prosper .
The Critical Ecosystem Partnership Fund -LRB- CEPF -RRB- , an international initiative launched eight years ago , is based on the principle that local communities themselves are the best trustees of the environment that surrounds them , and that their economic growth will advance their capacity to care for nature .
He led a vicious campaign to portray all Taiwanese with mainland Chinese roots , even if born and bred in Taiwan , as untrustworthy carpetbaggers -- wai shen ren , or `` not native people '' -- as if they were aliens from a different culture .
We believe in banknotes because we collectively decide to trust the government when it says that 100 is 100 , not 10 or 50 .
Money , therefore , is about trust , without which no society can function .
Just as we obey our leaders ' orders to fight and die because we trust their judgment , we entrust our careers and our money to those who run Citigroup and Goldman Sachs and other such banks , because we believe their leaders will be fair to their employees and clients , and honorable in their business practices .
Once that trust breaks , bad things happen .
This is what happens when trust vanishes .
One opted for Hitler and the other for Mao Zedong to restore trust .
Are we now seeing an erosion of trust in America and in the United Kingdom ?
If we can not rely on the best auditors , can we continue to trust chartered accountants ?
Will we ever again be able to trust a triple A rating issued by , say , Moody 's ?
History has not been kind to societies that lose trust in the integrity of their leaders and institutions .
Most of the likely buyers are slow to make up their minds , since trustees , fund managers , consultants , and employer sponsors must all become comfortable that the new concept is consistent with their fiduciary obligations .
Fortunately , people also tend to trust their national leaders .
If the government continues to pursue this policy , the salutary effects in terms of public trust in the country 's businesses and institutions will help ensure stable , sustainable economic growth for years to come .
For example , corruption in all economic sectors-as well as government and labor unions-impedes growth by destroying trust .
But if corruption were reduced and social trust strengthened , such inhibitions would become irrelevant , and investor confidence would rise .
For one thing , although the Chinese do n't elect their leaders , they trust their government more .
With this relatively higher trust , China 's government and enterprises are better able to enact and implement strict policies that promote saving and growth .
His goal of building a profitable lending business seems to have reflected his desire to believe in the trustworthiness of his clients .
Indeed , a sense of trust in others ' intentions is central to a functioning economy .
But the business world is built on our intuitive knowledge of when we can trust people fairly well and when we ca n't trust them much at all .
We design contracts around imperfect trustworthiness and construct elaborate institutions that take account of the hills and valleys of human honor .
When these function well , we have a general sense that , even though people are not always trustworthy , basic fairness prevails .
An article by Ernst Fehr at the University of Zurich and Alexander Klein and Klaus Schmidt at the University of Munich in the January 2007 issue of the journal Econometrica shows how people design economic relationships based on their knowledge of the circumstances in which people are trustworthy .
The employers initially trusted the employees to work hard without specific incentives , and quickly learned that , without such incentives , many employees would shirk .
Employees learned in the experiments that employers largely could be trusted to give such bonuses as a reward for hard work , even though no one could hold them formally accountable if they selfishly refused .
By contrast , when inequality is perceived as the result of a breakdown in trusting relationships , it can lead to bitterness , and , ultimately , social unrest .
For example , in a rapidly globalizing world , people may have to leave their long-term employers , with whom they have built a sense of trust , or it may be their supervisors who will have to be replaced .
What Singh , Lula , and other world leaders really seem to want is to strengthen trust and cooperation even amidst a rapidly changing economy .
If they succeed in devising policies , laws , and incentives that achieve this , a byproduct would likely be a reduction in inequality , which one hopes would reinforce the improved sense of trustworthiness .
The reasons for that crash are complex , but , as I discovered in my questionnaire survey a week later , it would appear that people ultimately did not trust the market 's level .
The newly passed US financial-reform legislation entrusts macro-prudential policy to a new Financial Stability Oversight Council .
Many maintain insurance and pensions for their employees , but also encourage their workers to trust the company to provide for them forever , and even to invest in the company 's stock .
Ratification of New START will increase mutual trust and show that the West and Russia , despite our disagreements , can work together on issues critical to our common security .
Critics allege that the legalization of voluntary euthanasia has led to a breakdown of trust in the medical profession and all sorts of other dire consequences .
Since politicians ask us to entrust them with sweeping powers , it can be argued that we should know as much as possible about their morality .
Even so , whether people choose to marry or not , whether they are heterosexual or homosexual , even whether they pay to fulfill their erotic fantasies or have fantasies they can fulfill at no cost , tells us little about whether they are good people who can be trusted with high office -- unless , of course , they say one thing while doing another .
Frum thought this a bit pedantic , but concluded that it was emblematic of the President 's character and that `` the country could trust the Bush administration not to cheat and not to lie . ''
But if Obama fails to make good on his promise of change , it will be decades before the electorate again places its trust in a candidate who claims to be different from the usual run of politicians .
I trust that among the experts will be some who have pondered the underlying ethical question : how safe should we aim to be ?
Chin held that the United States Congress , not a court , was the appropriate body to decide who should be entrusted with guardianship over orphan books , and on what terms .
Mistrust is compounded by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's incendiary pronouncements , particularly about Israel .
Europeans trusted a system that was untrustworthy .
Two years ago , Ben Bernanke , chairman of the US Federal Reserve , argued that foreigners were buying US securities because they trusted America 's financial supervisory system and wanted to participate in the dynamism of its economy .
If Greece went bust , investors from all over the world would lose their trust in the stability of the weaker euro-zone members , primarily Ireland , but also Portugal , Italy , and Spain .
The European debt crisis , however , remains , and markets do not fully trust the current calm .
The older language of trust has been replaced by a new language of `` accountability '' and `` transparency . ''
People who call for greater `` transparency '' do not understand that complexity is the enemy of transparency , just as simplicity is the hallmark of trust .
Parliamentarians are by no means the only , or chief , victims of the cold blast of public mistrust .
But pervasive mistrust of politicians is more dangerous , because it undermines the basis of a free society .
A low-trust society is the enemy of freedom .
It will produce a juggernaut of escalating regulation and surveillance , which will reduce trust further and encourage cheating .
A free society requires a high degree of trust to reduce the burden of monitoring and control , and trust requires internalized standards of honor , truthfulness , and fairness .
Systems in which people are trusted to behave well are more likely to produce good behavior than systems in which they are compelled to do so by regulation or fear of legal sanctions .
There is nothing inevitable about the disappearance of trust .
Societies can decide to protect trust-based ways of life by limiting the scope of developments that undermine it .
The debate goes back to the early days of US President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's `` New Deal , '' which pitted `` trust-busters '' against regulators .
In banking , the trust-busters won the day with the Glass-Steagall Act of 1933 , which divorced commercial banking from investment banking and guaranteed bank deposits .
Instead of introducing more legislation that is tainted both in the popular imagination and in its utility , Britain could , after all , trust its constitution to act as and when required to safeguard liberty and fair play .
But the EU so far has chosen to ignore that Gazprom 's monopoly is a clear violation of the anti-trust and competition policies of the revised Rome Treaty and WTO obligations .
But these fears and the atmosphere of suspicion must be overcome . Mutual trust must be reinforced .
It has also fueled deep divisions in the US presidential campaign , with one of the most potent arguments used by Kerry being that he will restore trust between America and its allies ; that as president he will recruit international help in Iraq .
Moreover , non-Western countries -- which include big consumers like China and India , and the largest producers -LRB- the Gulf states and Russia -RRB- -- do n't trust the institutional system created mainly by the West .
Sixty-five years after Lord Beveridge trusted the state to hold our hand from cradle to grave , Cameron and Osborne have asked us to stand more or less alone on our own two feet .
I see no reason to trust judges and prosecutors more than presidents and legislators .
And the public should care about the truth because deception misleads people in choosing their representatives , distorts policy choices , undermines accountability , and destroys trust in democracy .
The final blow came when interbank lending , which is at the heart of the financial system , was disrupted because banks had to husband their resources and could not trust their counterparties .
The dollar no longer enjoys the trust and confidence that it once did , yet no other currency can take its place .
In Finance We Distrust
Moreover , it ignores the importance of trust .
It might even help start rebuilding trust .
In all countries , these assets should be held in trust for citizens and deployed in pursuit of economic and social development .
Some of this had to do with his ambivalent anglophobia and his distrust of his mother , Queen Victoria 's daughter .
There is a need for strong anti-trust laws .
After all , when banks do n't know their own balance sheets , they are n't about to trust others ' .
A new institutional arrangement might entail the creation of a set of trust funds - say , for education or health , or the environment - with competition among countries for projects helping to promote these objectives .
And that leaves open the question : can we trust them ?
And that raises another question : whom can we trust ?
On complex economic matters , trust had been vested in bankers -LRB- after all , if they make so much money , they obviously know something ! -RRB- and in regulators , who often -LRB- but not always -RRB- came from the markets .
Securitization -- putting large numbers of mortgages together to be sold to pension funds and investors around the world -- worked only because there were rating agencies that were trusted to ensure that mortgage loans were given to people who would repay them .
Today , no one will or should trust the rating agencies , or the investment banks that purveyed flawed products -LRB- sometimes designing them to lose money -RRB- .
For more than a hundred years , America has had strong anti-trust laws , which broke up private monopolies in many areas , such as oil .
This is why those injured by monopoly were given , under America 's early anti-trust laws , the right to sue , receiving treble damages if victorious .
The traditional argument for an independent central bank is that politicians ca n't be trusted to conduct monetary and macroeconomic policy .
Given China 's deep distrust , it will never believe that a DPP president who insists on the Taiwanese people 's right to determine their future will not secretly push for independence .
Or private capital can be granted a bigger say , and trust placed in the market to provide for society .
President Putin enjoys a relationship of trust with Kim and thus may be able to persuade him that only by abiding by international law will he ensure his country 's future and that this , indeed , is the only option left open to him .
The latest crisis proves again that Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad can not be trusted .
But the underlying question , whether Italy is trustworthy or not , can not be dismissed so easily .
Italy 's conflict of interest could damage more than the trust of its allies .
So Indians place their trust in international diplomacy and watch , with ill-disguised wistfulness , as Israel does what they could never permit themselves to do .
To speak of a bilateral `` trust deficit '' might be an understatement .
He trusts his instincts and likes imaginative public policies , though this worries those who fear another messianic leader at the head of the government .
US and European policymakers do not trust that foreign governments -LRB- and their sovereign wealth funds -RRB- invest solely on business grounds .
President Kuchma knows perfectly well how little trust the people place in him .
Ukrainians must vote for parties headed by leaders that they know and trust .
Ukraine must continue in this way if our people are to trust the law and their institutions .
To increase its effectiveness , the mistrust that permeates Unasur must be quelled , and the goals of member states must be more clearly defined .
This is especially true of Brazil , the source of much of this mistrust .
Banks still do n't trust each other , since each wonders how many skeletons the other has in its closet .
An Antitrust Counter-Revolution ?
An Antitrust Counter-Revolution ?
Antitrust policy started in the US at the end of the nineteenth century with a deep suspicion about large firms , owing to the concentration of power that largeness entails .
This somewhat populist view later gave way to a view of antitrust that focused on efficiency .
But the current crisis might pose the question of whether the populist view of antitrust -- limiting the size of firms because of the excessive influence they may wield -- has some merit .
But if effective checks and balances are not put in place , nineteenth-century antitrust may be back in fashion sooner rather than later .
Finally , the authorities have subtly used the media to maintain consumer confidence by managing public criticism and thereby helping maintain popular trust in the government and the economy .
Traditionally , successful Chinese businessmen emphasized trust and reliability in fulfilling commitments -LRB- xinyong -RRB- , the gradual development of sentiments -LRB- ganqing -RRB- with customers and suppliers , and the ability to build on networks of relationships -LRB- guanxi -RRB- that are often based on common origin or kinship .
Thus , control and management were carried out mostly by family members and kin , with support through networking with those in an established relationship of trust .
Many valuable elements of the so-called Old Diplomacy persisted : the alignment of foreign policies with national and regional interests , the preference for the possible over the merely desirable , and the cultivation of what are today called `` confidence-building measures , '' that is , methods for establishing trust among small groups of professional negotiators , and between them and the people they represent .
Even if Taliban leaders affirmed their willingness to talk , it would be hard to trust their intentions .
Moreover , the US learned from the Kosovo experience of `` war by committee '' to distrust NATO as a place to run operations , and now Afghanistan highlights the organization 's limitations as a mechanism for generating force contributions .
Twenty-four per cent of women have been sexually assaulted , or molested by a trusted adult in childhood or adolescence -- as have 17 % of men .
Concentration of media ownership and control further fuels popular mistrust , setting the stage for citizen investigation to enter the vacuum .
He also harbors a deep distrust of financial markets and often advocates more regulation , and sees the strong euro as a threat to French industry and the result of speculation , which has already provoked serious clashes with the European Central Bank .
But he is deeply mistrusted by other Shi'a leaders , who fear that they may one day have to take him on by themselves .
Although dissent was mostly diverted to Afghanistan , bin Laden 's most trusted companions -LRB- his wife , too -RRB- have remained mainly in Yemen .
If some Najdi may now be mistrusted , where can the al-Saud turn ?
The problem is one of trust between the business community and the government , which in recent years had just begun to develop .
To put it bluntly , violating that fledgling trust will break the back of Russia 's economic upswing .
Instead , Israel -- either because of its distrust of its enemies and of their commitment to respect any future peace agreement , or because of a desire to annex some of the territories -- began to pursue a policy of settlements .
But , given China 's rising power , such a regional structure is becoming all the more necessary if today 's lack of trust is not to devolve into military antagonism .
Indeed , any breakthrough to the sort of trust needed to resolve these festering security disputes will require that the three countries establish their annual gatherings as a meaningful multilateral body in its own right -- one that can address major issues in dispute and plan for a better regional future .
Despite China 's limited room for maneuver with regard to its stocks of foreign-exchange reserves , it should never give up its efforts to safeguard the value of its hard-earned wealth , which has been entrusted to the good will and supposedly responsible hands of the US government .
In neuroeconomics experiments that my lab has conducted , we have found that when a stranger places trust in another by making a considered monetary investment that can either be returned or stolen , our brains release an ancient mammalian hormone called oxytocin .
When they have an opportunity to share money with a stranger who has trusted him or her , non-cooperators keep all the money rather than share the largess .
Would you trust the Greek government to run a Greek bank in a non-corrupt way after a government takeover ?
CHICAGO -- The launch of two European antitrust investigations into the market for credit default swaps -LRB- CDS -RRB- might appear to be no more than a political vendetta against one of the alleged culprits behind the 2010 European sovereign-debt crisis .
Likewise , the European Union 's antitrust authorities have been tougher with Microsoft than with many European firms .
According to European Commission spokeswoman Amelia Torres , the latest efforts at antitrust enforcement can be seen as complementing pending derivatives regulation .
