The result would be a welcome place in the European energy market for a Russia that is both trusted and respected by its international partners .
Our Arab neighbors should never be trusted ; hence , as Jabotinski preached , the new Israeli nation must erect an Iron Wall of Jewish power to deter its enemies forever .
Once it became clear that his gambit would fail , Obasanjo found a compromise : he named a man he trusted , Yar ` Adua , a little-known northern governor and devout Muslim , as his preferred successor .
But , while it will be interesting to see whether he speaks out or is shut up , one should n't read too much into his election : he finished last among those elected , beating by a single vote Tayib Abu Rahman , one of Arafat 's most trusted lieutenants and an old-school hardliner .
Judges must not only be honest , but must be seen to be so and , as such , trusted .
A leader can tell the truth , nothing but the truth , but less than the whole truth and yet still be trusted .
In the American zone the process was slower and controls were stricter than in the British zone , where local politicians were soon entrusted with power .
Banks quote statistics to show that they are more trusted than supermarkets , whereas supermarkets cite evidence that the opposite is true , and are expanding into financial services in the belief that the public will trust them more than they trust the banks , which have had to be expensively bailed out by the government .
Politicians acknowledge , in their more rational moments -LRB- yes , they have them -RRB- , that they ca n't be trusted with the interest-rate weapon , especially as an election approaches .
The consequence has been a loss of morale among those of us who trusted market forces and social-democratic governments to prove Marx wrong about income distribution in the long run -- and a search for new and different tools of economic management .
BERKELEY -- For more than 170 years , it has been accepted doctrine that markets are not to be trusted when there is a liquidity squeeze .
For more than half that time -- say , 85 years -- it has been accepted doctrine that markets are also not to be trusted even in normal times , lest doing so lead to a liquidity squeeze or to an inflationary bubble .
Facts are holy , but not all media that claim to report them , `` new '' or old , can be trusted .
The Kremlin trusted the West in 1989 . Subsequent Russian leaders refuse to be duped again .
After all , most US voters can be trusted not to learn how other countries , let alone countries in the Far East , really work .
From the beginning , the inner world of those entrusted to make recommendations was marked by personal and principled discord over how to interpret Alfred Nobel 's cryptic will and to whom prizes should be awarded .
But it is beginning to emerge that many also preferred to stay in a social environment that they trusted rather than fleeing to safer , but foreign , surroundings .
At the same time , relief efforts should be managed by a local science center that is known and trusted by those in danger .
This language implies that member states will no longer be the masters of their broad policy orientations . Instead , these will be entrusted to the Union , presumably with formal Commission powers of initiative in their preparation .
In deploying soldiers to Afghanistan and Iraq , he was convinced that he was both morally correct and politically right to stand by Britain 's main historic ally , the United States . -LRB- It is reasonably certain that he would not have trusted Brown to do any of these things in the face of any serious opposition , and also reasonably certain that he was correct to think so . -RRB-
But can the Islamists be trusted ?
A cursory glance at most of the conflict-ridden countries in Africa shows that monopolization of political power over extended periods of time has not only helped institutionalize corruption , as leaders surround themselves with trusted relatives and cronies , but has also been a major cause of coups and conflict .
Nixon intrinsically distrusted multilateralism .
Within the space of a few years , the pound 's reign as a trusted international currency was over .
When the pilot of the presidential plane -LRB- ironically , again , Soviet made -RRB- was advised not to land in the thick fog , either he , or perhaps even the president himself , may have mistrusted the Russians ' willingness to give honest advice .
Indeed , in a country where trust rarely exists , Kim Kyong-hui is the only blood relation whom Kim Jong-il has ever fully trusted .
Moreover , America ca n't be trusted to pursue international price stability .
Through private discussions with trusted friends , everyone sensed that discontent was common , yet no one knew , or could know , the extent of it .
If a country 's monetary policy can not be trusted , the best remedy , this logic suggests , is to limit or eliminate its capacity to have one . Yet the hard-money cure can not withstand scrutiny .
Since ill health forced Fidel Castro to retire from Cuba 's leadership , Raúl has opened the doors to the military and pushed out even those civilians who had been his brother 's trusted associates .
If it is numbers Saddam wants , he can get them from the `` Fedayeen Saddam , '' which contains 15,000 men recruited from trusted tribes . For really big numbers , there is the Jaysh al-Sha ` abi Popular Army , a party militia with 150,000 men and women in Baghdad alone .
So Japan 's choice comes down to one between a distrusted LDP and an incompetent DPJ .
Some of our participants reported having forgotten episodes of nonviolent sexual abuse perpetrated by a trusted adult .
Organized purely as an intergovernmental policy program , the pact can not work , because EU member states can not be trusted to monitor their own performance and enforce sanctions on their peers -- or on themselves .
In 2010 , only one-fifth of Americans said that they trusted the government to do what is right all or most of the time .
The discontent within Germany with the cumulative impact of these decisions has been expressed publicly by some of the country 's most trusted public representatives .
Even though relations with the US have improved , the People 's Republic is far from being trusted .
Serious criticism comes from unexpected places : philosophers you knew and learned from , scientists to whom you had entrusted your priceless collections to describe .
Toledo later claimed that he was wrong to trust Almeyda , but few believed that the president had not known what Almeyda , a trusted confidante , had done .
In an information society they will be those who are trusted to be able to help interpret or analyze what is happening .
When they entrusted him with responsibility for convening the constituent assembly , the Bolsheviks knew what they wanted to do with the constituent assembly , because they knew Stalin as a person who would not stop at anything .
Cory provided policy guidance as Commander-in-Chief , but trusted the Defense Department and Armed Forces to carry out their missions in the face of 9 coup attempts which were all frustrated . These mutinies were all death-dealing situations that threatened national stability , and yet she never flinched .
It was Kolakowski 's fate -- a curse , if the Chinese proverb is to be trusted -- to `` live in interesting times . ''
Can governments be trusted to follow through on their commitments ?
Yet the spark in Bolivia was more than a regional economic crisis amplified by bad geography and a distrusted gas deal .
Yet one historical law does seem to apply : in an immense economic crisis , the voters stick with the people whose economic competence they have traditionally trusted -- that is , the very people who led them to ruin .
The third false lesson is that if we could only maintain confidence in the financial system -LRB- and by extension the wider economic system -RRB- , the system itself could be trusted to survive and prosper .
The employers initially trusted the employees to work hard without specific incentives , and quickly learned that , without such incentives , many employees would shirk .
Employees learned in the experiments that employers largely could be trusted to give such bonuses as a reward for hard work , even though no one could hold them formally accountable if they selfishly refused .
Even so , whether people choose to marry or not , whether they are heterosexual or homosexual , even whether they pay to fulfill their erotic fantasies or have fantasies they can fulfill at no cost , tells us little about whether they are good people who can be trusted with high office -- unless , of course , they say one thing while doing another .
Chin held that the United States Congress , not a court , was the appropriate body to decide who should be entrusted with guardianship over orphan books , and on what terms .
Europeans trusted a system that was untrustworthy .
Two years ago , Ben Bernanke , chairman of the US Federal Reserve , argued that foreigners were buying US securities because they trusted America 's financial supervisory system and wanted to participate in the dynamism of its economy .
Systems in which people are trusted to behave well are more likely to produce good behavior than systems in which they are compelled to do so by regulation or fear of legal sanctions .
Sixty-five years after Lord Beveridge trusted the state to hold our hand from cradle to grave , Cameron and Osborne have asked us to stand more or less alone on our own two feet .
Securitization -- putting large numbers of mortgages together to be sold to pension funds and investors around the world -- worked only because there were rating agencies that were trusted to ensure that mortgage loans were given to people who would repay them .
The traditional argument for an independent central bank is that politicians ca n't be trusted to conduct monetary and macroeconomic policy .
The latest crisis proves again that Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad can not be trusted .
Twenty-four per cent of women have been sexually assaulted , or molested by a trusted adult in childhood or adolescence -- as have 17 % of men .
But he is deeply mistrusted by other Shi'a leaders , who fear that they may one day have to take him on by themselves .
Although dissent was mostly diverted to Afghanistan , bin Laden 's most trusted companions -LRB- his wife , too -RRB- have remained mainly in Yemen .
If some Najdi may now be mistrusted , where can the al-Saud turn ?
Despite China 's limited room for maneuver with regard to its stocks of foreign-exchange reserves , it should never give up its efforts to safeguard the value of its hard-earned wealth , which has been entrusted to the good will and supposedly responsible hands of the US government .
When they have an opportunity to share money with a stranger who has trusted him or her , non-cooperators keep all the money rather than share the largess .
