To the surprise of many , the country 's legal community organized a nation-wide movement to restore the Chief Justice to his post .
Hundreds of thousands of ordinary people demanded the rule of law and the supremacy of the constitution , emboldening the judiciary and changing the country 's political dynamic .
The Making of a Murder in Pakistan The assassination of Benazir Bhutto , the first Muslim woman to lead a Muslim country , is a serious blow to Pakistan 's prospects for democracy and , indeed , its viability as a state .
Instead , Bhutto had to pay with her life for courageously challenging extremists of all stripes -- from Al-Qaeda and Taliban to the country 's religious political parties and military hardliners .
To the dismay of some democratic forces , Bhutto stayed the course even after Musharraf imposed emergency rule on November 3 and removed the country 's top judges to ensure his re-election .
She seized that opportunity by bravely traveling throughout the country , despite serious threats to her life , arguing for a democratic and pluralistic Pakistan .
A couple of well-known opposition politicians , a chief minister and a federal cabinet minister of the previous pro-Musharraf government , were publicly thrashed , raising doubts about government control over law and order in the country .
The potential charges are serious : conspiring to destabilize the government that was elected last February , unlawfully removing the country 's top judges in November 2007 , and failing to provide adequate security to Benazir Bhutto before her assassination last December .
The entire legal community arose to demand restoration of the country 's judges and reinforcement of the rule of law .
Rather than trying to face down impeachment and prolonging the crisis , he should recognize that Pakistan can not afford more instability , and that giving up honorably will bring him some respect .
In March 2009 , the current ruling coalition will gain more seats in the Senate , and the government would almost certainly try to impeach him again .
It is time for Musharraf 's friends in the West to press him to serve his country one last time , by avoiding confrontation with his country 's democratic forces and calling it quits .
Pakistan 's clampdown on its offices throughout the country essentially confirms this conclusion , though Pakistan is publicly demanding more evidence .
For Pakistan , a concerted and sustained effort against all extremist groups operating in the country is necessary .
First , private news channels broadcast across the country a video clip recorded on a cell phone of the public flogging of a 17-year-old Swat girl .
Then there is the Pakistani army , the country 's `` super political party . ''
The army command must finally recognize that repeated military interventions have not served the country well .
But this inside knowledge also worked against the militants , because it demonstrated what was at stake for the country at large .
The Afghan Taliban , removed from power and routed from the country by the end of 2001 , needed only a few years to revive itself , owing to the failure of the Afghan government and its international backers to rebuild and stabilize the country .
But a collaborative India-Pakistan effort to stabilize the country could work wonders .
The peaceful coexistence between the country 's myriad ethnic , religious , and tribal groups is the result of a complex layer of concessions , compromises , tacit agreements , and other pragmatic arrangements perfected over the centuries .
Over the last few months , life has become even more complex , as both the country 's ruling elite and civil society advocates seem more bewildered than ever about the country 's future .
Each group is focused on determining its particular privileges while preserving the territorial integrity and national unity of a country growing increasingly fractious and fragile .
For my colleagues and me , this is the time for hard and continuous work to expand the space of popular participation in the country and region .
Advocates of dialogue with the Iranians and their Syrian allies , like former United States Secretary of State James Baker , labor under the delusion that they can actually reach an understanding that can enable a graceful US exit from Iraq and help stabilize that wounded country .
The January 2008 semester exams at schools in Gaza operated by the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East -LRB- UNRWA -RRB- found 50-60 % failure rates in mathematics and a 40 % failure rate in Arabic -- the children 's native language . Despite this , Ayman insists , `` I want to be an educated person . I want to be an engineer to build my country . ''
He has strengthened the position of many in Europe and elsewhere who are skeptical of challenging a country 's territorial integrity or who still claim to believe in a negotiated settlement .
But they must also continue to try to preempt confrontation with Russia on all fronts .
The confrontations have come at a time when Abbas has been trying to persuade Hamas to moderate its anti-Israel stance and ally with Fatah in a national unity government .
With the Gaza Strip in its backyard , Egypt has already mediated several times between Hamas and Fatah , and has been trying , so far unsuccessfully , to arrange a swap of prisoners with Israel following Hamas 's abduction of Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit .
Following King Abdullah II of Jordan 's intervention , Israel appears to have agreed to allow the Badr Brigade 's entry with full arms and ammunition .
The Hamas Veto GAZA CITY -- The resumption of direct peace talks between the Palestinians and Israelis has broken 20 months of stalemate , and marked the entry of Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu into this round of diplomacy .
The EU should fund the Airbus project and make sure that an important fraction of the money goes into R&D to foster the growth of an industry that is one of the few European high-tech success stories .
It does not need to waste scarce money on diplomacy of dubious value -- not when the country lacks an agency dedicated to helping Argentine businessmen sell their goods abroad .
Instead of talking to fellow diplomats , Argentina 's ambassador to the US should talk to US supermarkets , convincing their managers to buy Argentine goods and arranging for them to meet with small businessmen from his country .
Brazil , a country eight times the size , exports 12 % of its economy 's output , and 57 % of Brazilian exports are manufactured goods .
When a country reaches the point that it needs all its exports to service its national debt , and the size of the export sector is fixed , nothing is left to pay for imports .
The path of development that it chooses as it emerges from its crisis will determine the country 's future for many years to come .
But if it is implemented , in 3-5 years Argentina will look exactly like the country we have always known : a largely closed economy that remains dangerously vulnerable to external shocks .
The alternative is to look forward and asks what type of country Argentines want to leave to future generations .
If you are a closed and inward-looking country , you are bound to need lots of psychologists .
The minister for education would do her country a profound service if she were to re-allocate resources to courses designed to train export promoters .
Why do so many governments try to achieve this end , and why do almost all of them fail ?
With market entry blocked , license owners face little pressure to hold down fares , and the officials who allocate licenses are well placed to collect votes or bribes .
Whenever a government attempts to liberalize the electricity industry , unions and firms join forces in opposition .
What if a government , instead of fighting the electricity industry alone , unleashed an economic `` big bang , '' trying to liberalize most markets at once ?
In a competitive industry , where there are no excess rents , there is little to bargain about .
Appointments in European universities are often governed by complex bureaucratic processes that involve countless `` judges '' chosen from all over a country .
Moreover , if salaries are low , how can university deans stop their faculty members from scouring the country to do lucrative consulting ?
Higher fertility rates in the US , the UK , and France reflect the large number of immigrant families in each country .
But the rankings change if you make output per capita -LRB- a better measure of a country 's economic well-being -RRB- the standard : here the US comes first , and France and Germany drop , respectively , to 16th and 11th place .
One explanation is that America is a more mobile society where the poor are not trapped and can seemingly get out of poverty if they really try .
Even if they try hard , they feel trapped .
The bottom line is that Europeans should worry and talk less about the Euro exchange rate , and spend the time they save trying to address their real problems : low productivity , market rigidities , fiscal polices constrained by the Stability Pact , and bankrupt pension systems .
The extent of this redistribution varies from one country to another , but it is present throughout the OECD , including in the US .
It took the exchange rate crisis of 1992 , for instance , to make Italy 's leaders realize that something had to be done about the country 's public finance mess .
Italy ended 70 years of active involvement by the state in industry thanks to the determination of the EU competition commissioners , Karel van Miert and his successor , Mario Monti .
For Italy , the obvious solution is to strengthen the country 's investigative and financial institutions , and improve the design of regulatory agencies , particularly the quality of their personnel .
It is surprising that while the Italian government is busy redesigning the regulatory and supervisory structure of the country 's financial institutions and financial markets , nothing is being said about independent directors and accounting firms .
Ryanair has been a champion of increasing competition in the airline industry , forcing other carriers to reduce fares .
Punishing this airline will only reduce competition in the airline industry , an outcome that , Mario Monti , the EU competition commissioner , and Loyola de Palacio , the EU transport commissioner , can not possibly want .
Our answer is that there should be a presumption that state aid to any industry or specific company must be subject to prohibition .
Brussels can not force a member country to privatize : it can only force it to run a state-owned company as if it were a private corporation .
Cross-country evidence shows that the size of public redistributive spending increases with the degree of proportionality in the electoral system .
As Mircea Geoana , Romania 's bright young Minister of Foreign Affairs , recently put it : `` If the EU waits another seven or ten years before it opens up , the workers it will receive from my country will be the least qualified , peasants and individuals with low human capital : by then , the doctors , the architects and the engineers will all have migrated to the United States . ''
Just look at the US : where would America be if it had introduced barriers to entry to various waves of new immigrants and remained confined to Anglo Saxon settlers ?
Twenty-five years ago , China had a more egalitarian society than Sweden ; today there is vast inequality between city and countryside , between the western provinces and those bordering the Pacific ocean , and within cities , which attract a constant flow of former peasants looking for jobs .
She is probably right , although India reminds us that sometimes elections are a powerful and effective mechanism to correct the path a country has taken .
There is a more mundane reason why many , even within the Party , think that a democratic transition has become inevitable : the Party is simply losing control of the country .
The difference between the economy 's pace and that of the Party means that the country increasingly runs on its own .
The lesson is that Commissioners should focus on their specific tasks , bearing in mind the interests of the EU rather than those of their country of origin .
The problem is aggravated by the composition of the new Commission . There will be 25 Commissioners , one for each EU member country , whereas previously big countries had two and small countries one .
Statistical evidence shows that a hypothetical former colony of France , following hideous policies , with dictatorial and objectionable regimes , would receive much more aid from France than a non-former colony struggling and trying to adopt decent polices .
Finally , other rich country policies may be much more beneficial than aid .
The main change should be stopping agricultural protection for rich country farmers .
Brazil 's government seems to lack the capacity to raise income taxes on the wealthy , which is outrageous given the country 's level of inequality .
It should be no surprise that the country found a way to rid itself of Cavallo and bring back its old populist politicians .
Although these protests grab headlines , a new and perhaps even more insidious threat to world trade has quietly taken shape over recent years : so called `` open sectoralism , '' or the practice of negotiating access to foreign markets on a selective , industry-by-industry basis .
For even when successfully negotiated , sectoral agreements jeopardize economic efficiency and performance by protecting the least competitive industries because each country tries to open trade in areas where it is competitive .
No country likes to open its manufacturing dinosaurs to foreign competition .
Greater continuity and focus will be provided through the creation of a full-time chairman of the European Council and an EU Foreign Minister , and there is to be a three-country team presidency of other Council formations .
Too often , the complex issues involved in this kind of negotiation are presented as a battle between one country and another , or between competing ideologies .
At a dinner party in London not long ago he described Israel as `` that shitty little country . ''
The United States naturally does not export such arms to China . Instead , the US is trying to deter China 's rulers from launching a military attack on the democrats in Taiwan .
In Sweden , it has probably been enough to whisper `` Ericsson '' and `` Volvo '' to make Primer Minister Göran Persson understand what is at stake for his country commercially .
Typically enough , no EU-country has mentioned Taiwan as a reason not to resume arms exports .
This is why at the UN Security Council China opposed any military action or sanctions against North Korea , a country for which it sacrificed almost one million troops during the Korean War in 1950-53 .
In Japan , there are concerns that it will make the country America 's frontline command post in Asia , possibly beyond the scope of its bilateral security treaty with the US .
These include 3,600 troops from the 2nd Brigade of the 2nd Infantry Division , who are already earmarked for redeployment in Iraq .
America 's unilateral announcement has fuelled rumors to the effect that withdrawal must have something to do with the rising tide of anti-Americanism in South Korea , and especially with the country 's reluctance and delay in dispatching an additional 3,600 of its own soldiers to Iraq .
Despite anti-American sentiments among some South Koreans , a majority of the country 's people wants American forces to remain as a stabilizing force .
There is every reason to expect Annan to resume his good offices soon and to bring the question to a positive conclusion well before Turkey 's possible entry into the EU around 2015 .
Without that prospect , no candidate country would go through the painful process of adopting the tens of thousands of rules and regulations contained in the Acquis Communautaire -LRB- the body of EU law -RRB- .
Elected with a parliamentary majority almost big enough to change the country 's constitution , Turkey 's new Islamist government faces daunting challenges .
Many Turks share the view that the war could have harsh consequences for their country , both in the short and long run .
Meanwhile , the Greek Cypriots have been given their entry invitation to the EU , despite the fact that there is still no agreement on the Cyprus problem .
By accepting European demands for democratic reform as a pre-condition for EU membership , Erdogan played a liberalizing role , reinforcing his claim that his party represents a genuinely democratic option for a Muslim-majority country B indeed , that it is an Islamic version of the Christian Democratic parties that have long dominated Europe 's political right .
It has fought off Muslim terrorists in Kashmir , Sikh terrorists in Punjab , Christian terrorists in Nagaland , and Hindu terrorists in Assam and across the country . It understands that you can not blame the whole community for the sins of a few .
But this case is not about oligarchs trying to interfere in politics ; it is about a group of artists and curators whose professional activities have unexpectedly turned into a political hot potato .
A deputy from the CHP , the staunchly Kemalist People 's Republican Party , Muharrem ?nce , who opposed the reopening of the Halki Seminary became angry . `` Do you know who most wants to open the seminary in this country , '' he loudly asked .
Roughly half of those who have fled have also left the country , implying two million refugees .
Displaced Iraqis who remain in the country move to areas where their community is strong .
Displaced Shi'a tend to move from the center of the country to the south , Sunnis from the south to the center , and Christians to Nineveh province .
Despite the vulnerability of minorities , the religious breakdown of displaced people closely reflects that of the country : 64 % Shi'a , 32 % Sunni , and 4 % Christian .
During the 30 months he ruled his country , from mid-1998 to the start of 2001 , Estrada accepted payoffs from gambling lords and orchestrated -LRB- with social security funds -RRB- sales of stocks , channeling much of the profits into his personal aliased account .
For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estrada 's action-comedy movies of the 1960 's ever mustered .
The Philippines is not a country used to seeing powerful people punished .
The wheels of Philippine justice need retooling , so much so that the country 's Chief Justice himself recently called for an emergency summit to discuss a rash of extra-judicial killings that have the claimed the lives of leftists , human rights workers , and journalists under President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo .
And yet Moscow 's mayor chose to remain on vacation outside the country .
Forestry specialists blame a carelessly enacted 2007 law that cut 90 % of forest guards .
The political apathy that characterizes today 's Russia presents a serious challenge to the country 's survival .
An important audience for each IAC report are the 100 academies of science that belong to the IAP . Each has a special responsibility for disseminating a report 's recommendations throughout its own country , which can considerably enhance the academy 's effectiveness in influencing national policies .
And , now that it has , how can Russians move beyond it , to realize the rights and liberties promised to them in the country 's constitution ?
Now , from the entire spectrum of civil and political rights enumerated in Russia 's Constitution , we Russians have only one right remaining : the right to leave and return to the country freely .
The majority of Soviet people did not have a car or a country house or even a separate apartment .
Finally , high oil prices in the past 12 months provided an unexpectedly large windfall to the Iraqi budget , allowing for the financing of other sectors without slighting the oil industry .
Granting Iraq the money to restore its oil industry was one of the best post-war decisions that the Bush administration has made .
Under even the best circumstances for Iraq , with oil prices remaining high , the funds available to maintain and modernize the oil industry are limited .
If oil prices decline in the future , the oil industry will suffer severely .
At the same time , the logic of renewed American support for the Iraqi oil industry remains powerful .
Moreover , Iran 's leaders remember that the Shah was forced to flee the country in 1979 , despite having strong international support .
Investing in futures becomes both a hedge against a weakening dollar and an investment vehicle that could yield substantial profit , particularly in a climate of vanishing excess oil production capacity , increasing demand , declining interest rates , a slumping real estate market , and crisis in the banking industry .
In the long run , however , statistical analysis of various oil industry variables indicates that a weaker dollar affects supply by reducing production , regardless of whether oil is owned and produced by national or international oil companies .
COLUMBUS , OHIO -- In a better world , my nieces and nephews in Equatorial Guinea would respect our country 's president for overseeing the careful management of revenues pouring in from oil , and for using these funds for development .
While Obiang and his family and cronies jet around the world living the high life , my nieces and nephews number among the vast majority of the country 's people who remain mired in poverty .
According to the president 's son and heir-apparent , Teodorin Obiang , in Equatorial Guinea it is not illegal for a government minister to own a company and to submit bids for government contracts to the ministry that he or she controls .
Such brazen corruption would be laughable if its effects were not so debilitating to the country .
Surviving on less than a dollar a day , as most of my countrymen do , means living without running water , sanitation , or electricity .
The EU is by far the largest export market for African goods , and it also offers a home to large communities from almost every African country .
Just by virtue of being there , the force shows the goodwill and commitment of the nations that sent it , and , by projecting a sense of law and order , it provides valuable leverage for honest brokers trying to mediate a peace deal .
Its industry and population are growing dynamically , so its energy demands are producing geo-political synergy with Russia and Iran , neither of which can afford to cut the flow of oil and gas without provoking a massive internal crisis .
While Shimon Peres made a gesture of reconciliation by choosing Ankara as the setting for the first speech by an Israeli president to the parliament of a predominantly Muslim country , Israel 's concerns about Iran are far more serious than are Turkey 's .
Most Turks do n't want to see their country excluded from the West , but if the EU spurns them while speeding up entry for weaker candidates , Turkey may come to feel sufficiently strong and embittered to strike out on a new geo-political course .
With Slovakia 's entry on January 1 , the euro spans 16 countries and 329 million citizens .
Surprisingly , the first country to reform was Germany .
Reforms of the labor market , the pension system , and those underway or planned in many sectors and professions -- all of which generate huge reserves for enhanced growth and , therefore , hope -- reflect a profound change in the public 's perception of the country 's long-term needs .
Before the euro , a country facing a public-finance crisis would have been forced into a predictable , hopeless sequence : devaluation of its currency , followed by inflation , which alleviated the public-debt burden .
When even the Foreign Minister of Britain , a country happy with its centuries-old `` unwritten constitution , '' claims himself eager to have a written European Constitution , something truly has changed !
Because Europe has so many bodies that legislate - the Council of Ministers , the Council for Agriculture , the Council for Industry , the Council for the Environment , etc. - we can not know who is doing what and why .
NEW YORK -- A glance at Egypt 's public finances reveals a disturbing fact : the interest that the country pays on its foreign loans is larger than its budget for education , healthcare , and housing combined .
This could lead to a fiscal catastrophe for the government at the very moment when the country is attempting a complicated political transition .
The reasoning is simple and logical : if someone fraudulently borrows money in my name , I am not expected to pay it back , and neither should a country 's population when an unrepresentative leader borrows in their name and to their detriment .
Yet it must also press for Gazprom 's ultimate restructuring and real market entry into Russia for European companies , because Russia 's unwillingness to do so guarantees energy insecurity for Europe .
Brussels must demand transparency , symmetry , and the rule of law from Moscow , with the goal being a revolutionary integration of European and Russian energy markets .
Recent policies to improve rural economic conditions have slowed the flow of migrants from the countryside .
In the textiles industry , profits declined for the first time in ten years in 2008 .
Industrial clusters have been established in many parts of the country , where business connections can compensate for rising costs .
One year later , the UN and the Economic Community of West African States deployed soldiers as peacekeepers in neighboring Sierra Leone to guarantee a ceasefire in that country 's near-decade-long conflict , instigated by rebels of the Revolutionary United Front .
On previous visits , we had heard reports of atrocities committed by RUF rebels , including amputations , rapes , and mutilations of civilians in the countryside .
But the presence of the international community reassured us that it was safe to do business in the country .
Having already been condemned by a kangaroo court to death by musketry , my father refused to hoist a white flag . `` The Filipino , '' he insisted , `` is worth dying for . ''
In 1986 , my countrymen peacefully defied Marcos 's tanks and demonstrated their faith in themselves .
In 2009 , my countrymen again took to the streets to accompany my mother to her final resting place .
At the polls , my countrymen conferred a solemn mandate on me to make democracy the means for eliminating corruption and alleviating poverty .
Our administration is committed to transforming a country where nice guys finish last into one where those who deviate from the straight and narrow face punishment for their crimes .
Our economic diplomacy has three key objectives , one of which is to secure more markets for our exports and enticing more tourists to visit the country .
But attracting investment to create jobs at home and ease poverty is the best way to ensure that our countrymen are not forced to go overseas in the first place .
Our Business Process Outsourcing industry is now the second largest in the world , behind India , with revenues of $ 8.9 billion in 2010 rising to a projected $ 11 billion in 2011 .
Turkey 's transformation has already put an end to the Cold War-style security-state apparatus that ruled the country for half a century , and has changed the framework of the country 's domestic and foreign policy .
Today , by contrast , the country seems immune from global market turbulence -- or so Brazilian officials believe .
With foreign direct investment still flowing in , Brazil 's lower external vulnerability leaves the country in a much better position than ever before to weather the global storm -- at least for now .
More investment is essential in order for Brazil to compete in the international market , and the country 's economy needs a jolt of innovation .
Lula 's eight years in office showed developing countries everywhere that the state can not do everything , while making no less clear to even the most orthodox that the interests of the markets do not always coincide with those of the country .
Otherwise , the country will be condemned to shine weakly on the periphery of the global market .
Let us hope that Rousseff continues to narrow this gap and can give Brazilians the country they deserve .
Pinochet 's ability to evade the courts cast a dark shadow over the country 's military institutions and made many Chileans wonder how far the country had really gone in its transition to democracy .
But capturing and trying violent leaders is probably a better marker of the end of such organizations -- the chances of such an outcome being higher when such leaders recant their views and call on their followers to lay down their arms .
A study published by Columbia University on civil resistance has shown that the probability of a country relapsing into civil war following a successful anti-dictatorship armed campaign is 43 % , versus 28 % when the campaign is unarmed .
But four decades of military-based dictatorship may be enough for Libyans , a majority of whom never really benefited from their country 's wealth or potential .
But Libya is not the only country that has tried to move from dictatorship to democracy with weak institutions and strong tribal identities .
In the case of democratic transitions , a success nearby often helps at home . Either country , or both , could offer Libya successful transition models , erecting an important obstacle to military dictatorship or civil war .
With no representative institutions and the military in control of the country , street mobilization has become the main tool of Egyptian politics .
But Egypt 's old-line Muslim Brotherhood , with all of its factions , tendencies , and offshoots , no longer appears to be the country 's dominant Islamist force , as Salafis challenge the Brotherhood 's traditional hegemony .
At the moment , Egyptian liberals ' main concern should be their popular appeal and ability to mobilize support , rather than picking fights with the Salafis and trying to enforce a constitution by any means , democratic or not .
Entry barriers , particularly in service industries dominated by state-owned oligopolies , need to be lowered .
At present , industry is the primary source of tax revenue for the government , particularly at the local level , giving the state too little incentive to foster a service economy .
In early 2001 , Sweden held the EU presidency , giving Prime Minister Göran Persson , the country 's dominant politician , a bright spotlight in which to shine .
The discredited election results suggested that the country is geographically and ethnically divided , with the democratic opposition candidate Yushchenko winning overwhelmingly in seventeen western and central regions , while Yanukovich dominated in ten eastern and southern regions .
Wisely , Yushchenko launched the slogan `` East and West together ! '' emphasizing his endeavor to unite the country .
Rarely has one country intervened so heavily in another country 's elections as Russia did here .
In 1999 , the year before Putin succeeded Boris Yeltsin as president , Russia 's GDP was a paltry $ 200 billion .
Such an aggressive attitude benefits a country 's foreign policy only up to a point -- one that Putin passed long ago .
He is isolating his country among the world 's pariahs ; worse yet , he has achieved little .
But the NBU refused to do so -- making Ukraine the last country in Central and Eastern Europe to tie its currency to the dollar .
Ukraine 's powerful industrialists praised the NBU 's low exchange-rate policy , believing it makes the country more competitive .
As prime minister , Yushchenko saved his country from financial default in early 2000 .
Shockingly , Russia argued that it had the right to attack a country that harbored people to whom it had just issued passports , scaring all countries with Russian minorities .
Russia had a good chance to escape this international financial crisis , but , through his ruthlessness and ineptitude , Putin has rendered his poor country a prime victim .
It is the only G-20 country outside of the WTO , which accounts for 96 % of global trade .
No country has even changed its exchange-rate regime .
The International Monetary Fund has never bet such huge sums on a single country as it has on Greece .
Would the IMF not have insisted on a much tougher program , with less financing , for any country outside the eurozone ?
For the first time , a country in the region is matching its aspirations with the concrete steps needed to become a viable candidate for eventual membership in Euro-Atlantic institutions .
Yanukovich 's victory notwithstanding , Ukraine is a country that is becoming more European and gradually moving out of Russia 's orbit in its own chaotic way .
Barack Obama is right to try to reset relations with the Kremlin and engage a revisionist Russia .
But trying to address deep-rooted popular grievances with flowery language and a bouquet of subsidies is like trying to extinguish a forest fire with a water pistol .
But that is more difficult when neighboring countries are exploiting the country 's heterogeneous makeup to pursue their own hegemonic agendas .
And to the north is Turkey , a pro-European , largely secular and democratic country that seeks to wield influence across the Arab world .
The region in and around Syria is also populated by extremist Islamist groups that are attempting to expand their spheres of influence - and that are quick to capitalize on instability in any country .
Peaceful change in Syria can nonetheless be achieved , and the international community can influence that process by recognizing that its continued focus on the country 's `` complexity '' does nothing for its people .
In Syria , a Libyan-style military intervention is not warranted , but diplomatic intervention is needed to allow the country 's people to determine its future .
In particular , the US , which has significant influence in Saudi Arabia , must act to stop attacks by that country 's extremists on Syria 's religious minorities - attacks motivated merely by a desire to provoke sectarian conflict .
And that requires a national dialogue , overseen by the international community , aimed at bolstering internal unity -- and thus at protecting the country from regional interference .
A big slice of President Barack Obama 's $ 825 billion stimulus package for the United States includes a boost to renewable energy , `` weatherizing '' a million homes , and upgrading the country 's inefficient electricity grid .
The country spends roughly $ 60 million annually fighting invasive alien plants that threaten native wildlife , water supplies , important tourism destinations , and farmland .
As a result , an estimated 500 megawatts of electricity , equal to 2 % of the country 's electricity needs , will be generated , along with more than 5,000 jobs .
Mexico 's government has several options for ending the violence of narcotics-related organized crime that is devastating the country and corrupting and weakening its political system .
Calderón is trying to check the gangs ' capacity for violence and diminish their economic resources , but he still has not been able to implement a plan that is both successful and minimizes the cost in lives .
The country 's two biggest drug gangs , the Sinaloa and Tamaulipas organizations , were once rivals , but are now allied against their former partners -- the Vicente Carrillo Fuentes , Beltrán-Leyva , and Zetas organizations -- which appeared during Mexico 's long period of one-party rule by the Institutional Revolutionary Party -LRB- PRI -RRB- .
Created in 1929 , the PRI lost the country 's presidency for the first time in 2000 .
None of the areas where illicit drugs are produced , smuggled into the country , and transported into the United States are insulated from drug related-corruption .
And in Chihuahua , the state with the highest number of murders in the country , powerful gangs that were once united are now in open confrontation .
But just as there could be no moral neutrality in the war against Nazism and Fascism , so the coalition the Americans are now trying to build will begin to take as a root assumption that , if the war against terrorism is to be serious , tolerance of terror-supporting regimes can not go on .
In the current debate about policy towards Iraq , two extreme alternatives are usually presented : either extend the military campaign against terrorism to Iraq , or maintain the current uneasy status quo with that country .
But with the stick should come a carrot : with good intelligence , some Iraqi generals and colonels should be approached with offers of amnesty and support should they decide to try to topple Saddam .
Throwing such disparate groups into one body politic doomed the newly invented country to decades of strife and repression .
The challenge facing the new Iraqi state was to try to create a non-despotic , relatively representative form of government in which all sectors of the population would find an expression of their political will .
In a country where Shi'ites form the majority , the Sunnis -- traditionally the hegemonic group in all Arab countries -- were totally unwilling to allow any democratic process to jeopardize their rule .
Under these conditions , with the Sunni ruling minority constantly feeling threatened , it was no accident that the only attempt in any Arab country to establish something like a pro-Nazi fascist regime occurred in Iraq in the early 1940 's under Rashid Ali al-Khailani .
But if one thinks in terms of universal norms of human rights , what right has Turkey to dictate internal development in another country ?
Instead , with some international help , but mostly out of its own resources , the Republic of Cyprus - a small , then not very prosperous country that was devastated by war - launched a re-settlement and rehabilitation program as a national project .
Hence , Israel must start deciding the future boundaries of the country unilaterally , hoping for eventual negotiations at a later stage .
Yet , at the same time , the US supports Abu Mazen , trying to undermine the Hamas government , thus casting a shadow on the credibility of its own commitment to democracy .
Precisely because Israelis are aware of the constant security threat facing their country , they have always believed that their leaders should be able to lead Israel in war -- but also to ask the military tough questions when diplomacy may fail .
In the north of the country , a Syrian-based militia , under Fawzi al-Kaukji , attacked Jewish villages .
Davutoglu began conventionally , declaring that Turkey 's geopolitical situation would always dictate the country 's foreign policy .
Then came the bombshell : contrary to the conventional Kemalist view of the One and Indivisible Turkish Nation , Davutoglu referred to what everyone has known since modern Turkey was created : the country has more Azeris than Azerbaijan , more people of Albanian origin than live in Albania , more people of Bosniak origin than live in Bosnia , and more Kurds than in Iraqi Kurdistan .
This , he explained , was the reason that Turkey was trying to find an accommodation with Armenia .
One can well understand a Turkish policy of trying to defuse tensions with Iran over that country 's nuclear program . But the joint Iranian-Brazilian-Turkish initiative goes beyond such a policy .
Developments in Egypt will be crucial , not only because it is the largest Arab country , but also because some of the necessary pre-conditions appear to have a stronger presence there than elsewhere in the region .
At the moment , only the army -- which has effectively ruled the country since 1952 -- and the Muslim Brotherhood , which has the widest social networks , appear to be serious players .
In Libya , if Qaddafi falls , can such a highly tribalized country possess the building blocks needed for a functioning democracy ?
But , in order to realize the hope that ordinary soldiers take from the new jargon , Western leaders will need to forge a clear political strategy for Afghanistan , without which the country will remain at war .
In my own country , Pakistan , Karachi is growing at a rate of 1,000 people per day .
Euro-zone countries can be considered a single country when dealing with the currency denomination of trade .
This ` country ' has more market power than the individual countries that form the European Monetary Union .
In particular , the Fund should enhance its understanding of the links between supervisory frameworks and macroeconomic conditions , including balance-of-payments and exchange-rate developments , by leveraging the wealth of cross-country information and expertise that it acquires through missions to its 185 members .
Assuming that they comply with the Maastricht Treaty 's provisions concerning the EMU - and are not unfairly held to more stringent criteria - the core issue is whether new members would benefit more by waiting or whether they should seek early entry .
At the outset , it must be stressed that , in seeking earlier entry into the EMU a country assumes a more ambitious fiscal and structural program than would be needed if EMU membership is delayed .
Assuming entry into both the EU and ERM II in 2004 , new members should aim to enter the eurozone around 2006 .
Delaying entry into EMU could make sense if a longer wait produced more information .
The size of the income gap combines with the small growth differentials to imply that the process of real convergence will extend far beyond even the most cautious dates for EU and EMU entry , probably lasting several decades .
Delaying EMU entry risks weakening the incentive to complete these politically costly but necessary reforms .
This strategy , not one of deferred entry , promises the most for both the EU 's current and its future members .
Nobody has ever accomplished this , but ITER may be able to try around 2030 -- that is , if it solves the previous problem .
Together , Europeans must find what connects them , and derive new enthusiasm , new spirit from what they find - a spirit sorely needed to tackle the great issues of today . No country can address these issues along .
It is our turn now to ruin the planet , and no one should try to stop us .
Governments , too , should collaborate with their developing-country counterparts to provide much-needed leadership in the climate-change debate .
Imagine that the Olympic Committee represented only the interests of gold medal winners , or that the Education Ministry represented only post-doctoral programs but ignored elementary schools .
Chinese industry had been transformed into subsidiaries of government through nationalization and central planning .
Zhao was the first to propose `` expanded autonomy for Chinese enterprises '' and `` restoration of a healthy relationship between government and industry . ''
Expanded autonomy for enterprises and the peasantry were critical first steps whose success led eventually to full-blown economic reform .
As China 's Premier , Zhao implemented ten years of economic reforms that brought steady progress in which the people , especially the peasantry , enjoyed tangible improvements .
It should be remembered that former General Secretary Hu Yaobang , who had been forced to step down two years earlier by Deng Xiaoping because of his liberal stance , died in April 1989 , triggering spontaneous and peaceful student demonstrations in Beijing , which spread across the country .
It lasted 50 days and was heartily supported by Beijing residents and people all around the country , from all walks of life .
When it comes to determining whether or not a country is conducting a covert nuclear weapons program , IAEA inspectors often have their hands tied , either because they lack the legal authority to gain access to all the locations they consider necessary , or because the IAEA 's analytical laboratories are outdated , or because the Agency does not have adequate access to satellite imagery .
Nine countries already have nuclear weapons , and it would be naive to presume that others , particularly in regions of conflict , will not try to get hold of them .
So is democracy in Moldova , a former Soviet republic that is now Europe 's poorest country .
Of Moldova 's 3.5 million people at the time of independence , 15 % have already left the country to seek better lives elsewhere . More than 63 % of Moldova 's young people say they want out .
Stability is also important because the country borders on Romania , a European Union member state .
A vocal minority of Moldova 's people believe that merging their country with Romania would put the country into the express lane to EU membership , with its generous financial perks and , perhaps most enticing of all , passports that would enable them to escape a no-hope economy to build lives elsewhere .
The country 's broadcast media , especially its television stations , gave a disproportionate amount of air time to the ruling Communists during the election campaign .
More than half of the country 's trade is with the Union , and Moldova receives significant EU financial assistance .
The last thing impoverished Moldovans need is an autocratic , unaccountable government that lacks sufficient imagination to find a way to revive the country .
Poor Little Rich Country
Poor Little Rich Country
Feeling sympathy for Norway is hard . Thanks to its massive North Sea oil reserves , the country has achieved a level of wealth unimaginable only a generation ago - and which has allowed it to cold-shoulder the European Union since 1994 .
When a country 's newly discovered natural resource abundance leads to windfall wealth , investment in the rest of its economy shifts away from the tradeables sector -LRB- mainly manufactured exports -RRB- and into the nontradeables sector -LRB- mainly consumer goods and services -RRB- .
This rule serves to curb inflationary demand pressure while preventing elected officials from squandering the country 's riches on politically rewarding but economically wasteful projects .
As always , this will be a politically contentious and challenging process . But it will also provide a golden opportunity to realize the country 's potential through a strategy of sensible investment - the original purpose of the Petroleum Fund .
Whereas Tunisia and Egypt are relatively homogeneous countries -- Sunni Muslims constitute more than 90 % of their inhabitants -- Bahrain 's Sunnis , including the royal family and the country 's political and economic elite , comprise only about one-third of the population .
Moreover , whereas in Egypt , historically a stable country , 18 days of chaos were enough to convince the military to restore order by ousting Mubarak , Bahrainis have greater experience with social unrest than Egyptians or Tunisians do .
From the turmoil in the 1920 's , following administrative reforms , to labor protests in the 1950 's , the country is accustomed to agitation . As a result , factional strife is unlikely to panic the rulers and is even less likely to persuade them that the king must abdicate to save the country .
Saudi Arabia , too , can be expected to do everything in its power to prevent the al-Khalifas ' fall . Bahrain is the Kingdom 's most loyal ally in the region , and the Saudis fear that sectarian unrest could spread to the country 's eastern region , where a Shia-minority nurses long-held grievances .
For years , the Saudis have propped up the Bahraini regime by providing free oil and funding its budget . When unrest erupted , Saudi Arabia reportedly dispatched military units to bolster Bahrain 's paltry armed forces .
Al-Ahmar has long been considered either Saleh 's right hand man or the country 's hidden president .
The fate of the country may not hinge on Saleh , a crafty veteran who knows that his career is over .
Unlike in Egypt , the vacuum resulting from Saleh 's departure can be quickly filled , so the country need not fall back on a military oligarchy .
If Saleh leaves peacefully and represses the urge to unleash the last remaining loyal army units against protesters and defecting soldiers , the country can avert Libya-like mayhem .
TNC and CT members are largely unified in their desire to end Qaddafi 's 41-year rule and redistribute the country 's wealth to the country 's long-neglected eastern region .
In almost every field of life , Muslims have been an integral part of the European tapestry .
The areas populated by Tibetans cover a quarter of China ; to have such a large part of the country 's territory under military control and cut off from the outside world weakens the Communist Party 's claims to legitimacy and world power status .
Many carried the forbidden Tibetan national flag , suggesting that they think of Tibet as a separate country in the past , and in about 20 incidents government offices were burned down .
In June , for no apparent reason , the book was banned throughout the country , despite its lack of political content .
When government officials rather than markets then try to choose the next winners , they run a great risk of choosing the wrong industries , or channeling too much investment -- and thus excess capacity -- into existing sectors .
Stock market listed companies control a big share of almost every country 's resources , so the free flow of corporate money into politics can have a profound impact on politicians ' preferences and choices .
Consider a public corporation whose CEO or controlling shareholder supports a political movement to the country 's right or left and wishes to support it with corporate funds .
It might have been hoped that the bank supervisors who stress-tested the banks would try to estimate the size of the banks ' losses on toxic assets .
Relative to their industry peers , such firms have lower market capitalization for a given book value .
They are more likely to increase CEO compensation when the industry 's prospects improve for reasons unrelated to the CEO 's own performance -LRB- for example , when oil companies benefit from a steep rise in world oil prices -RRB- .
They are China 's last pristine rivers , but are now slated for sacrifice to satisfy the country 's insatiable thirst for power .
I had the chance to see one of these rivers -- and the proposed site of one of the country 's most controversial dams -- on a recent trek through the stunning Tiger Leaping Gorge , north of the town of Lijiang in northern Yunnan .
These efforts appear to have catalyzed greater environmental sensitivity among the country 's leaders .
There is very little scope for international action to eliminate the violation of these rights in many - if not most - countries of the world today , particularly those that are trying to turn the ` Earth Summit ' into a sounding board for criticism of the failure of advanced countries to do more to eradicate world poverty or to protect the environment .
So it is unfortunate that America abandoned the Kyoto process for combating global warming , instead of trying to move that process toward sensible market-based solutions and away from the regulatory mechanism beloved of bureaucrats everywhere .
According to the National Bank of Russia , foreign banks withdrew more than $ 10 billion in that country in September alone . Other central banks make similar claims .
Not only are key issues such as Jerusalem and Palestinian refugees insoluble without an all-Arab consensus , but any country that is left out of the peace process is bound to persist in its role as a revolutionary power bent on regional destabilization .
Post-Blair Britain is becoming a country for which wars that lack international legitimacy can only presage defeat and moral decay .
He is widely credited for setting the country 's agenda , and for being the motor behind the liberal economic reforms that since 2004 have meant a qualitative leap in the Egyptian economy .
The last of the revolutionary generation , President Abdulaziz Buteflika must still conceive a succession that ends his country 's civil war .
Indeed , Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has warned of `` the end of the Jewish state '' if the country remains bogged down in the occupied territories and a Palestinian state is not established .
The relatively homogeneous society envisaged by its founders has fragmented into a tense multi-ethnic tapestry comprising secular Jews , an alienated Arab minority , a prolific ultra-orthodox community living on state allowances , religious nationalists bent on a Messianic brand of Zionism , immigrants from the former Soviet Union , marginalized Ethiopians , and Oriental Jews still struggling to join the middle class .
Admittedly , the strategic conditions in the region are far more complex today than they were eight years ago , when Israel 's requirements for a deal with Syria focused mainly on security arrangements on the Golan Heights , and on Syria using its leverage in Lebanon to permit an Israeli settlement with that country .
Ehud Olmert , an especially unpopular prime minister whose days leading the government are probably numbered , lacks the legitimacy to throw the country into another bloody war , which given conditions in Gaza would be both costly and inconclusive .
Pursuing radical goals does not necessarily mean that a country will act irrationally .
A rapid American disengagement might ultimately cause the country 's disintegration into fragmented political entities , one of which would likely be an Iran-controlled Islamic republic .
The resurgence of the Taliban in Afghanistan requires a more robust military response , but with the American army bogged down in Iraq and the Western allies reluctant to send additional troops , the country 's dismemberment by local warlords is not a far-fetched scenario .
Nor is the movement 's brinkmanship entirely irrational , for the legacy of Israel 's 2006 abortive attempt to destroy Hezbollah is that , for the first time in the country 's history , the military establishment is advocating restraint and actively curbing the more hawkish measures being proposed in cabinet meetings .
Because Europe remains entangled in this seemingly insoluble conundrum , Israelis see it as trying to compensate for its lack of political effectiveness in Middle East diplomacy with unbearably self-righteous and moralistic talk .
Its new doctrine of `` brutal response '' when attacked from lands from which it has withdrawn -- as happened in Lebanon and Gaza -- might be reprehensible , and it may even doom the country to international opprobrium .
Turkey 's New Mission TEL AVIV -- Ever since Turkey 's establishment as a republic , the country has oscillated between the Western-oriented heritage of its founder , Kemal Ataturk , and its eastern , Ottoman legacy .
At the same time , it is the only Muslim country that , while no less worried than Israel about Iran 's nuclear ambitions , can maintain excellent economic and political relations with Iran , regardless of American displeasure .
Of course , Syria is Iran 's ally , too , but no country in the region has the leverage with it that Turkey possesses .
Turkish democracy and secular values have been greatly enhanced by the country 's dialogue with Europe and its American ties .
The Islamic revolution in Iran , the changes in Ethiopia following the end of Haile Selassie 's rule , the collapse of Maronite Lebanon , and Hezbollah 's takeover of that country left Turkey as the last remaining member of Israel 's Alliance of the Periphery .
The Bigger Issue in Sudan TEL AVIV -- The most immediate result of the arrest warrant issued for Sudanese President Omar Hassan al-Bashir by the International Criminal Court last month was the expulsion of most aid agencies from the country .
After all , the oppressive nature of the regime in Khartoum is at the root of the many conflicts that have torn the country apart .
Self-determination for the South has thus become the only practical way out of the country 's dilemma , and one fully consistent with the 2005 peace agreement .
The secession of a Southern Sudanese Christian state from a Muslim country , a major member of the Arab League , would have far-reaching strategic implications .
A Farewell to -LRB- Glorious -RRB- War In recent days , Italy 's government fell after losing a parliamentary vote on the country 's troop deployment in Afghanistan , while Britain and Denmark announced that they are to begin withdrawing their troops from Iraq .
Why should the West insist on elections in a country that since 1984 was ruled by a Western-backed dictator , Lansana Conté , who himself came to power in a military coup ?
He maintained a constitution , and held elections , but this did not make him a democratic ruler , nor was he able to extricate his country from appalling backwardness despite its tremendous potential for economic development .
Israel 's exploits in Gaza were a Pyrrhic victory , and the country is now bound to change its war doctrine of `` offensive defense . ''
Moreover , China 's Muslim-majority province of Xinjiang , bordering on Afghanistan , can be dangerously affected by a Taliban takeover in Kabul or by the dismemberment of the country .
So , while the US gets to play the `` Ugly American '' once again , the regional powers promote their interests in that war-torn country with a smiling face and away from the battlefield .
Afghanistan is the recipient of the largest assistance program that India has for any country in the world .
As in Africa , where it is consistently replacing Western influence with its massive financial firepower , China 's strategy in Afghanistan is mostly focused on business development -- with a stabilizing effect on the country that should not be underestimated .
This means engaging Afghanistan 's neighboring states to promote a settlement of national reconciliation that includes all the major stakeholders &#45; &#45; the government , the Taliban and the warlords &#45; &#45; in the country .
Nor is it clear that membership would be in the best interest of Israel , a country whose defense doctrine has been always based on self-reliance and freedom of maneuver in security matters .
Israel recently became the first country to conclude an Individual Cooperation Program with NATO , through which it conducts an ongoing strategic dialogue with the Alliance covering a wide array of areas , including terrorism , intelligence sharing , nuclear proliferation , procurement and logistics , and rescue operations .
The disintegration of an already fragmented country , the return of civil war , and the shadow of Iran 's power being cast over the Iraqi state are all plausible scenarios .
Secretary of Defense Robert Gates was right to recognize that the Taliban are `` part of the political fabric '' of Afghanistan and thus `` need to participate in the country 's government . ''
Obama 's administration will not start a war with a third Muslim country while the two others continue to burn .
Extinguishing Arab democracy , as President Mubarak of Egypt is now trying to do through his recent ban on political parties that are based on religion , will bring neither stability nor peace to the Middle East .
`` We are a strong country to which the whole world attributes nuclear capabilities , and in regional terms we are a superpower . '' He then expressed his dislike for comparing the Iranian threat to the Holocaust , `` because it cheapens the Holocaust and stretches current challenges beyond their proper place .
The Haitian refugee crisis in the early 1990 's tragically showed that no country in the region -- including the United States , which either repatriated most illegal immigrants or confined them to the hardship of open camps in Guantánamo Bay -- was ready to absorb the Haitians who fled their politically torn country .
About one million Haitians now live in the Dominican Republic , but only about 10 % of the Haitian laborers in the country are there legally , a condition that invites their exploitation by greedy employers .
Cheap Haitian labor has become a substitute for less-skilled Dominican labor in a way that increases income inequalities , and puts a special burden on the country 's public finances and services , owing to lower tax revenues .
MADRID -- The Comprehensive Peace Agreement -LRB- CPA -RRB- that was reached in 2005 between mostly Christian southern Sudan and the country 's Muslim North , ended one of the bloodiest civil wars in modern times .
The fact that Omar al-Bashir , Sudan 's president , is not especially keen to agree to the United Nations ' plan to beef up its peacekeeping force in the country ahead of the referendum raises concern about his intentions .
Brinkmanship and broken agreements threaten to turn the referendum 's technical and political difficulties into yet another disaster for the country .
A crucial bone of contention that might ignite a new war is the future of the country 's oil industry and the North-South border demarcation .
Given that most of Sudan 's oil wealth is concentrated in the South , the management of the oil industry and its revenues after secession is an existential problem for Bashir 's regime and its capacity to control his vast and ethnically diverse country .
Its own challenge lies in reforming the entire oil industry , which for years has been brutally and irresponsibly exploited by Chinese and Malaysian companies , with devastating environmental consequences .
Egypt 's fears are mainly of Sudan 's disintegration into a chaotic tapestry of mini-states controlled by warlords and plunged into lawlessness and bloody tribal feuds .
At that point , Israel would thus be subject to international sanctions that would destroy its economy and further undermine its image , condemning the country to the status of an international pariah .
If pushed to the wall , Israel might try to extricate itself from an internationally untenable position by unilaterally disengaging from the West Bank up to its `` security fence . ''
After all , such a democracy does not work in Israel , or even in the US , a country that G. K. Chesterton described as having `` the soul of a church . ''
Any Egyptian democracy that was truly accountable to its popular base would have to address the country 's colossal domestic problems , and a state of war with Israel would hardly advance that goal .
No convincing peace initiatives or major policy responses are expected from Israel at a time when the United Nations General Assembly is poised to recognize overwhelmingly the creation of a Palestinian state -- a move that would further isolate the country .
Some reached peace agreements with the country 's neighbors ; others came very close -- and at least succeeded in conveying to the Arab world Israel 's commitment to reaching out to the region 's peoples .
But , as the French philosopher Paul Valéry put it , history , `` the science of things which are not repeated , '' is also `` the most dangerous product which the chemistry of the intellect has ever evolved , '' especially when manipulated by politicians .
These are trying economic times for the US , largely owing to imperial overstretch financed by Chinese credit .
Turkey was wrong to try to gain wider influence in the Middle East by working with the region 's revolutionary forces .
The Jordan Valley and the hills of Judea and Samaria are , undoubtedly , strategic assets for a country whose width is that of the length of a Manhattan avenue .
Thus , the current conflict is essentially a pre-emptive war by Hamas -- aggravated by lawlessness and banditry , clashing free-lance militias , tribes , and families , and a spiral of senseless massacres -- to prevent Fatah from being turned by the international community into a formidable challenger to its democratic right to govern .
The Iranians also sought the meeting to forge an alliance against a possible US attack on their country 's nuclear installations .
In fact , Islamization has proved to be an effective political means of reconciling the majority of Malays to the country 's rapid economic development .
In the early 1970 's , when it was still an overwhelmingly agrarian country and Islamization was just gaining momentum , Malaysia embarked on its so-called `` New Economic Policy '' -LRB- NEP -RRB- , designed to help the majority Malays gain a bigger share of the country 's wealth .
After three decades of spectacular economic growth , many Malays have become prosperous and content not only through secular capitalism , but through the country 's renewed sense of Islamic identity , one which -- for the most part -- embraced modernization .
The strategy worked well , and helped defuse Islamic opposition to the wrenching changes that accompanied the country 's rapid economic modernization .
Finally , as all of the EU 's 27 member states are now trying to reduce public spending in sustainable ways , financing for military operations , without which nothing is possible , requires a new approach .
The injuries proved minor , but the incident embodies the paradox of China 's legal system : over the past two decades , China has enacted hundreds of laws and elevated `` ruling the country according to law '' to ideological and constitutional prominence .
Last week , China finally enshrined private property by passing the long-awaited property rights law , in what the government called `` significant progress in promoting rule of law in the country . ''
Formal complaints to the justice ministry and the national bar association were n't even acknowledged , let alone answered .
According to China 's Ministry of Land Resources , there were more than 90,000 cases of illegal land transfers last year , yet there were precious few prosecutions .
When lawyers and legal activists try to help villagers or evicted residents to fight through the legal system , they often become victims of retaliation .
Wen Jiabao , China 's Premier , acknowledged last year that protests in the countryside were caused by `` some localities -LRB- that -RRB- are unlawfully occupying farmers ' land '' and promised `` effective legal services and legal aid so as to provide effective help to people who have difficulty filing lawsuits . ''
To put it bluntly : instead of worrying that Roman Catholics will `` steal '' Orthodox souls , the Orthodox should try to steal Catholic souls .
Just as the global financial crisis has made euro membership seem more urgent and necessary than ever , euro incumbents have started floating proposals that would raise the bar for entry .
Under the proposal that was openly discussed in Frankfurt , in addition to the macroeconomic Maastricht criteria that have been in place since the euro 's launch , the quality of a country 's banking system would be used as an additional criterion for euro entry .
But it was probably in Hungary , the first country to seek an IMF package , that these practices were most widespread .
Relatively high levels of inflation have been the main reason why euro membership was perceived as increasingly remote in most countries , and why the prospect of euro entry has had a diminishing impact on domestic reform efforts .
In a globalized financial system , striking the right balance between home and host country jurisdiction , and between national and supranational oversight , is crucial . Look at Europe .
The EU 's current model -- the `` single passport '' with home-country regulation of financial institutions -- has failed on an embarrassing scale .
The countries currently holding out -- within Europe primarily the UK &#45; &#45; must be made to understand that the alternative to a EU-wide solution is a radical increase in host country regulation .
The EU 's proposed `` college of supervisors , '' even with the addition of a European `` systemic risk board , '' is only a partial solution , because it endorses the leadership of the home-country regulator and fails to address the potential conflict of interests between home-country and host-country regulators .
That is , when the effects of a financial institution 's activities are sufficiently large , the country affected should be allowed to assume regulatory power , irrespective of the institution 's domicile .
It would allow host countries to impose restrictions on credit expansion , regardless of how a financial institution chooses to channel capital to its market , and would strengthen host countries ' rights to request information from home-country regulators .
Moreover , several EU directives acknowledge the interest of the country where financial transactions -LRB- such as life insurance contracts -RRB- are carried out by allocating to it jurisdiction over such transactions .
The best way to protect cross-border banking and financial integration in Europe would be to establish an effective EU-wide regulator and supervisor , or , even better , a global institution that could monitor the home country-host country relationship .
We believe that an effect-based approach , based on an agreed threshold , would minimize the negative consequences of more host-country intervention in regulation and supervision .
Some of the recent abrupt -- and at times overly ambitious -- measures to tax the industry or redistribute the burden of foreign-currency loans have undermined capital cushions and set back recovery in credit and growth .
Castro , and to a stronger degree , his comrade Che Guevara , were willing to let Cuba go up in smoke in order to make their country a martyr in the world revolutionary struggle !
Worse , informed Americans see anti-Semitism running rampant in Europe and xenophobic political parties on the march in country after country . Not even pacific Scandinavia is exempt from this .
Americans may differ about what policy should have been pursued in Iraq , but they know that their country can not run from its role as a world leader responsible for developments in North Korea , the Middle East , Pakistan\/India , Taiwan , and elsewhere .
With new patent laws coming into place , India will have the same attraction for the pharmaceutical industry as it has for IT , providing clinical trials for new drugs at a quarter of the cost of Europe or the US .
Similarly , domestic US politics is gravitating to the country 's south and west , regions that look towards Latin America and Asia , not Europe .
For example , the inefficiencies of today 's search engines have created a new industry called Search Engine Optimization , which focuses on strategies to make Web pages rank high against the popularity criteria of Google-esque search engines .
It is a billion-dollar industry .
But the questions to be answered leading up to the summit are already clear : which , if any , country will be asked to join Nato ; when will any new member join ?
That changed when the US bombing against the Taliban began ; doubts over the wisdom of the US campaign combined with resentment at seeing a super-modern superpower pound away at a medieval country devastated by decades of war .
From the start , he declared that the attacks on New York were directly aimed at his country .
The country now suffering them is Iraq , the power that helped impose them is the United States .
The best `` serious consequences '' of which the UN Security Council has warned should Iraq fail to comply with its obligations would be an even more intense effort to destroy its illicit weapons through continuous inspections of the country 's offensive military capabilities : inspectors , not invaders .
That is also why the modest efforts now being undertaken by the alliance to assist America in trying to stabilize Iraq will not stitch NATO back together again .
Even where members have committed themselves to a joint operation , as in Afghanistan , NATO 's able new Secretary General , former Dutch foreign minister Jaap de Hoop Scheffer , has to plead for a few helicopters here , a few hundred men there , like the manager of an impoverished football association trying to put together a team .
NATO links Europe to the world 's most powerful country and uniquely ties the United States to a common procedure of consultation and cooperation .
Indeed , the US is already trying to soften up Iranian resistance by hinting at a possible use of force .
For him and the team that took over after Helmut Kohl 's 16-year reign , Germany had become a normal country , no different from other European heavyweights like France or Britain .
But there will be no new initiatives on integration until leaders in the countries that rejected the Constitutional Treaty are ready for a new try .
Abroad , Merkel has no need to demonstrate that Germany is a big country in Europe ; her partners are fully aware of this .
But it is also more than just a normal country : Germany remains central to holding together the two international institutions that will continue to assure its well-being , the European Union and the Atlantic alliance .
Tougher economic sanctions will not force Iran to comply ; instead , sanctions will merely hit this oil - and gas-rich country 's trading partners .
In today 's interdependent world , however , it is no longer the number of nuclear warheads that bestows influence , but a country 's ability to get others to go along with policies that it regards as serving its major interests .
But they are neither sufficiently aware of the damage done nor realistic enough about the chances of Bush 's potential successors -- many of whom initially supported his adventurism -- to revive the trust and respect their country once enjoyed .
This means , of course , that if protectionism is politically convenient , you need not shed tears over harming the country by surrendering to it , an attitude that many Democrats in the United States find convenient to adopt .
Many economists have concluded , however , that continual and deep labor-saving technological change , not trade with poor countries , is a principal culprit in the stagnation seen in rich-country wages nowadays .
NEW YORK -- Economists long ago put to rest the error that Adam Smith made when he argued that manufacturing should be given primacy in a country 's economy .
He even got a Labor Chancellor of the Exchequer , James Callaghan , to introduce in 1966 a Selective Employment Tax , which taxed employment in services more heavily than employment in manufactures -- a measure that was reversed in 1973 , once it was realized that it would hit the tourist industry , which generated badly needed foreign exchange .
But it was clearly at odds with the massive technical changes sweeping across the retail sector , and eventually the communications industry , which soon produced Fedex , faxes , mobile phones , and the Internet .
But this argument is specious : one can have a vigorous transportation industry , with trucks , rail , and air cargo moving agricultural produce within and across nations , as countries such as pre-Peronist Argentina , Australia , New Zealand , and modern Chile have done very successfully .
The latter is wholly conventional and subject to regulation -LRB- and recently to questions about how corporations should behave when there are no host-country regulations -RRB- .
In fact , this contest dates back to 1947 , when India gained independence and democracy became the country 's defining feature , while China turned to Communism with the success of Mao Zedong after the Long March .
Prudent lenders therefore try to limit both how much a business can borrow and the other risks it can take .
As Danish Premier Anders Fogh Rasmussen recently said , `` France and Germany are not in a position to guarantee our country 's security .
STOCKHOLM -- There is little doubt that the embarrassing spectacle of the trial of former Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko -- and her recent arrest on contempt charges during the proceedings -- is causing great damage to her country .
Indeed , large-scale corruption has become entrenched in the country 's political system , with various oligarchic groups often battling each other .
Indeed , the country could develop into a mini-China , placing massive manufacturing capacity immediately adjacent to the global economy 's largest integrated market .
Freedom House concluded earlier this year that , since Yanukovich came to power in 2010 , Ukraine `` has become less democratic and , if current trends are left unchecked , may head down a path toward autocracy and kleptocracy . '' But its assessment also noted that `` political and cultural diversity is a bulwark against any one force dominating political space throughout the country . ''
It is a great country that deserves a secure and prosperous future as a member of Europe 's family .
As environmental lawyers Richard Webster and Julie LeMense argued in 2008 , `` the nuclear industry ... is like the financial industry was prior to the crisis '' that erupted that year . '' -LRB- T -RRB- here are many risks that are not being properly managed or regulated . ''
This initiative has received the backing of the Sultan of Sokoto , Sa'ad Abubakar III , the country 's leading Muslim , and the Catholic Archbishop of Abuja , John Oneiyekan .
The Tony Blair Faith Foundation has been in consultation with the country 's religious leaders and inter-faith association to develop a national program with the Ministry of Health that would promote the government 's key public-health messages , participate in education for bed-net use , and use available health assets and faith community networks .
Of course , governments could try to explain why they pursue deregulation .
They can try to stop product market reforms altogether and , by the same token , try to stop trade liberalization and globalization .
The `` popping '' of such an asset bubble is what happened in Japan 10 years ago , an event from which that country has not yet recovered .
If America 's annual rate of improvement in productivity turns out to be higher in the next thirty years than they have been over the past three decades , the country 's worries will be few .
The limits on redistribution through the market are much tighter : trying to appropriate the rents may lead firms to move to emerging countries , or else to go bankrupt .
Should he return to the old Lula rhetoric and watch capital flee the country , or try `` modernity '' and disappoint many of those who voted for him ?
Some governments -- most notably France and Germany -- are trying to do the second . They should feel freer to do the first .
SEOUL -- It is something of a cliché question in South Korea nowadays : Who would be the country 's next president if the election were held tomorrow , rather than in December 2012 ?
South Korean voters of all ages and regions have welcomed Park as a candidate for their country 's leadership .
At home , he still ranks first in popularity among the country 's heads of state , kindling nostalgia like a popular old record -- a corollary to people 's frustration and anger at the current government of President Lee Myung-bak .
Her administration would mark a fresh departure from the country 's troubled recent past .
In a desperate , last-ditch effort , the IMF is now inventing `` spill-over reports '' for a few systemically important economies , to be conducted at the margins of its country -LRB- Article IV -RRB- consultations .
Alternatively , Latin American economies could try to foster policy coordination at the regional level , where economic realities tend to coincide , interdependence is more directly felt , and the cost of spillovers can be internalized more easily .
That agenda , with obvious country differences , spans five important areas , which together should be the focus of policy attention aimed at solidifying the region 's transformation .
Economic ministers suggested that pension reform and long-term fiscal sustainability should also guide country evaluations under the SGP , while some countries insisted that it should be linked to the Lisbon agenda .
What happens if a country makes progress in one dimension , but regresses in another dimension ?
Moreover , the Commission has already worked to harmonize the assumptions needed to forecast public pension outlays and achieve cross-country comparability .
Finally , to strengthen cross-country comparability further , the benchmark should be variations in the stock of pension debt under given economic and demographic assumptions , rather than the debt level itself .
Recessions are typically times of reallocation , where the true comparative advantages of a country unfold .
They need to define as soon as possible a labor-market entry strategy that encourages employers not only to hire young workers , but also to train them .
An entry strategy for young workers based on completing the reforms of employment protection carried out in most OECD countries in the last 20 years could offer them a clear `` tenure track . ''
Governments could promote entry into the permanent labor market in stages by introducing graded employment protection and so avoiding the formation of a long-term dual market .
Neglecting the problem of entry into the labor market could backfire by increasing pressure for more public expenditure just when governments should start reducing the huge public debts accumulated during the recession .
The government of a country hit by a positive shock could attain a target even without having done anything to achieve it .
Any delay by one country in moving in that direction would jeopardize efforts made in other countries .
One can not rule a country with so scant a majority .
Remarkably , Italy had twice the fall in output seen in France , another large OECD country that , like Italy , had avoided the root causes of the crisis : a housing boom-bust sequence and a serious bank crisis .
The Italian economy 's problems , and the major issues concerning the sustainability of the country 's huge public debt , are rooted in low growth of potential output .
A possible explanation for the government 's inaction over the past two and half years is that the measures agreed upon within the coalition that won the 2008 elections were not tailored to a country entering a major recession .
In its first month after coming to power , the government did actually try to do something for the economy .
In this way , Italy lost 30 months without enacting the structural reforms that it so badly needs to restore the country 's growth potential .
After their qualification for this year 's World Cup , the Ivory Coast 's national team , including players from the north and south , addressed all of their fellow citizens , asking the warring factions to lay down their weapons and to put an end to the conflict that has shattered their country .
As a result , his countrymen excused his frequent bad behavior time and again .
This , too , is an advantage in a country where security is the top priority for most people nowadays .
After the 2010 World Cup in South Africa -- a country where peace has taken root -- and before the 2014 tournament in Brazil , it will be time to select the host for 2018 .
America alone accounts for around 50 % of the world 's military expenditures , which is historically unprecedented for a single country .
Indeed , the second-ranked country in terms of total annual military spending , the United Kingdom , lags far behind , at $ 55 billion , followed by France -LRB- $ 45 billion -RRB- , Japan -LRB- $ 41 billion -RRB- , and Germany -LRB- $ 35 billion -RRB- .
In the year that the Socialists are celebrating the fortieth anniversary of the May 1968 demonstrations against de Gaulle , they are also trying to steal his diplomatic clothes by proclaiming themselves the defenders of the independent French foreign policy that he championed .
The standard for admission should not be a country 's mere existence , but its fulfillment of certain criteria of democratic governance .
President George W. Bush has stated that he would `` work with Iraqis to develop a way to try -LRB- Saddam Hussein -RRB- that will withstand international scrutiny . ''
While no one doubts the willingness of Iraqi judges to try their former `` head of state '' in a national court , the novelty of such an effort and its political implications suggest some type of international participation for the sake of competence and , most of all , impartiality .
According to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime , despite concerted efforts at eradication and crop substitution , Afghanistan produced 87 % of the world 's opium in 2005 -- roughly 4.1 tons -- generating $ 2.7 billion of illegal revenue , which amounts to roughly 52 % of the country 's GDP .
The increase in domestic heroin production has provided a massive boost to the local retail market , giving rise to concerns about HIV\/AIDS spreading in a country with poor infrastructure and nonexistent health services .
Both Jean Claude Trichet , the ECB president , and Jacques Attali , the founding president of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development , have now called openly for the establishment of a European Ministry of Finance .
The country survives on remittances and international economic aid .
A government that came to power promising to create national unity now seems disoriented in the face of the country 's deepening regional , racial , and economic divisions .
The Euro at Ten PALO ALTO -- The beginning of 2009 will long be remembered for terrible economic news and controversial economic policy in virtually every country .
In the early 1980 's , when US unemployment reached almost 11 % , many workers moved from the so-called Rust Belt -- the hardest-hit industrial area of the upper Midwest -- to other parts of the country .
Many do n't want to abandon the deep roots they have in their home regions ; others do n't want to move to another country , where language and culture may be obstacles .
It would be useful to know the answer to this question before trying repeatedly to pump up the economy in the short run with costly policies that might worsen longer-run prospects .
California 's economy , which used to outperform the rest of the country , now substantially underperforms .
STANFORD -- Canada 's Prime Minister Stephen Harper , by winning an outright majority of seats in his country 's parliament for the first time since assuming office , continues a remarkable series of national election victories , backed by voters demanding at least a pause , and perhaps some reversal , of the growth of the welfare state .
· In each country , there has been a sizeable increase in public spending in the last few years , particularly in the US and the UK ;
That is the broad lesson of history -- from the Reagan and Thatcher revolutions in the US and the UK , to Stephen Harper 's more recent experience , to the repeat performance that David Cameron and the Republicans in the US Congress are now trying to engineer .
During Japan 's `` lost decade , '' the Bank of Japan mostly bought Japanese government bonds , whereas the Fed is trying to reopen secondary markets for securitized private lending -LRB- which in the US is as important as bank lending -RRB- , buying mortgage-backed securities and consumer and business loans , as well as U.S. Treasury bonds . The Bank of England is buying UK government bonds -LRB- `` gilts '' -RRB- .
In many of the previous banking crises , it was a country or a region that was hit hard -LRB- Argentina , Japan , etc. -RRB- .
The Federal Reserve lowered its target federal funds rate to zero before Obama was inaugurated , and initiated many programs to try to revive credit markets , with mixed results -LRB- the commercial paper facility has helped , whereas others seem to have gotten off to less sanguine starts -RRB- .
But , while he has continued his softer tone since the election , he has not even bothered to ask for fast-track trade-promotion authority , let alone try to pump new life into the Doha Round of global trade talks .
In addition to the automatic decline in tax revenues and increase in social-welfare spending during a recession , many nations added large spending increases and\/or tax cuts to try to stimulate their economies .
The debt-GDP ratio varies a lot by country .
Some US federal agencies are trying to spend ten times their previous budgets -- not a recipe for efficiency or speed .
But the attempt by Japan 's powerful trade and industry , and finance ministries to micromanage the economy is one reason the Japanese wound up with a burst asset bubble , a lost decade , three recessions , and by far the highest public debt-to-GDP ratio of any advanced economy .
The Fiscal Crisis Down Below PALO ALTO -- Sub-national governments -- states , countries , cities , provinces , towns , and special districts -- play different roles from country to country , but usually deliver important public services such as police and fire protection , transportation , education , health care , and welfare .
Local authorities are closer to problems than national officials tucked away in a country 's capital .
Where localities try to offload support for the poor onto other localities , the central government must step in and either fund such programs directly or set minimum standards .
Time to Constrain Government PALO ALTO -- The current financial crisis in Europe provides a unique update to Lenin 's dictum that nothing so destabilizes a country as a run on its currency .
What is needed are constraints on fiscal policy by each country , not a supranational fiscal authority .
So it would be far better for each country to enact serious legal constraints on its legislators ' budget authority .
To countries on the receiving end , these conditions can seem like a subtle form of power politics , with Europe trying to impose its values on the world .
Of course , China clearly has a right -- like any country -- to seek the energy , minerals , and other resources it needs .
Rudderless societies are easy prey for bigotry .
Taxing Tissue Today 's biomedical research is a collaborative research enterprise , requiring the contributions of patients , universities and industry .
Today 's laws , however , allow only universities and industry , which supply basic knowledge and technology , to profit from their contributions ; patients , who supply tissue , may not be compensated .
Some consider this unfair , as it allows tissue donated by patients to be wholly appropriated by universities and industry .
In fact , patients ' contributions to that enterprise are no longer minimal , as they supply university and industry with crucial compilations of tissue and associated medical data .
Prior to supplying their tissue to universities and industry , these patients negotiate ownership rights in any technology that arises from the research .
In addition , the model bears an arbitrary element , as the sharing of benefits is not subject to control by the donors of tissue , much less to democratic control , and may prove self-serving for universities and industry .
While universities and industry may be wary of taxation , they might prefer a tissue tax over endless negotiations with countless tissue donors over the sharing of uncertain future benefits .
But the key question concerning the future of the country remains : will Shia , Sunnis , and Kurds will unite behind a functioning central authority ?
But can any such government administer the country as a whole ?
There is a great danger that the new Iraq 's sectarian politics will benefit those who promise their constituents the most -- at the expense of the central government and the country 's other factions .
In sum , the Iraqi government may appear effective for much of 2006 , but it will be committed to trying to serve the competing interests of sharply divided constituencies .
When the International Olympic Committee awarded Beijing the 2008 Summer Games in July 2001 , the announcement ignited wild celebrations across the country .
The Chinese Communist Party hoped to use the Games to showcase the country 's emergence as a dynamic , modern nation .
But the Olympics will also bring intense international scrutiny of China 's weaknesses at a delicate moment in the country 's development .
The world already knows of China 's success and its attractiveness as a destination for foreign investment , but few outsiders have seen firsthand the steep price the country is paying for its new prosperity .
The most obvious signs of that cost flow through the country 's waterways and contaminate its air .
Even if police are able to maintain order in Beijing , can they extend that control across the country ?
Amid bitter election-year debates over Iraq and Iran , and a souring economic outlook , Americans may be in no mood for the triumphalist pageantry of a new rising power on display in Beijing .
Militants in the oil-rich Niger Delta region have at times shut down as much as 30 % of the country 's oil exports , a vital source of state revenue .
The country 's National Election Tribunal , having overturned the outcomes of several provincial elections , may well annul the results of last year 's presidential race , forcing him to run for president all over again .
Solid economic expansion and one of the world 's fastest-growing stock markets have not helped the country avert a deepening political crisis and mounting ethnic violence since disputed presidential election results in December .
The country 's Orange opposition movement has recently won key posts in parliament and , for the moment , is heeding calls for calm from former United nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan and representatives of the African Union .
South Africa 's courts have become a political battleground , as Mbeki and his allies use corruption charges to try to cripple Zuma 's candidacy .
The resulting political firestorm may well force Zuma to rely on core support from key allies within the country 's trade union movement and Communist Party , challenging the political elite 's pro-market consensus and provoking debate over the future of South Africa 's economic policy .
But the stakes are especially high in Nigeria , where Yar ` Adua embodies the country 's delicate political balance .
With the fall of Nigeria 's dictatorship and the introduction of democracy in 1999 , governors in the mainly Muslim northern provinces believed they had struck a deal with their southern counterparts on a regional rotation of the country 's presidency .
Southern governors countered that the north had controlled the country through more than three decades of authoritarian rule and that a southerner should hold the presidency for years to come .
Electricity shortages have intensified on Yar ` Adua 's watch , producing blackouts in many areas of the country and darkening the foreign investment climate .
Second , if it 's difficult to forge consensus within one country on how best to promote growth , imagine the same argument on a global scale .
Some within the Chinese Communist Party leadership will support plans to engineer a shift from export-led growth to a model based on domestic consumption . Others will try to direct state funding toward their personal investment projects .
Topolanek was n't at the G-20 ; his country is not a member .
As November 's elections approach , many US lawmakers will demand that the country with 10 % unemployment persuade the country with 10 % growth to stop bending trade rules and manipulating the value of its currency .
Both governments know the stakes are too high for both economies , and Obama and Hu will continue to work hard to try to keep things moving in a constructive direction .
Understanding the increased importance of fiscal policy is complicated by confusion over how various euro-zone governments actually make policy decisions -- a process that relies on an ever-changing , complex mix of opaque institutional factors and domestic political dynamics that vary considerably from one country to another .
Given internal conflict over taxes and spending , maybe Germany , not Greece , will become the euro zone 's first country to see a government fall .
The personal freedoms that Lebanese citizens enjoy give their country a special resilience , and its cultural dynamism is the envy of young people throughout the Middle East .
Though some of Iraq 's conservative local clerics wield considerable influence , its current leaders will resist any drive to transform the country into a socially repressive and isolated state .
Second , Lebanon 's leaders were reminded again this week that their country can be governed only with some degree of consensus among the major factions .
This system , which codifies Lebanon 's factionalism , remains a subject of much controversy , but , by ensuring that no group can govern at the expense of others , it also reinforces baseline stability in a country built atop powerful religious and ethnic fault lines .
Without opposition support , Lebanon 's government can do little more than manage the most basic day-to-day state functions , but the country is unlikely to relapse into civil war .
In Iraq , sectarian power-sharing will remain less formal , and compromise wo n't come easily to many of the country 's elected leaders .
Lebanon 's democracy often looks a lot like a train wreck , and the country has stumbled into armed conflict many times in recent years .
But if Iraq 's leaders can create enough near-term stability to combine Lebanon 's openness and entrepreneurial energy with the revenue that comes from development of the country 's vast oil reserves -- an advantage that Lebanon 's leaders can only envy -- Iraq might one day offer citizens of neighboring states something they do n't have : a hopeful model for the future .
Bahrain , the world 's only Shia-majority country governed by a Sunni monarch , remains on edge .
But King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa can continue to count on help from his deep-pocketed friends in Saudi Arabia , who are determined to prevent Bahrain 's unrest from spilling over into their country 's oil-rich Eastern Province , where most Saudi Shia live .
Syria 's President Bashar al-Assad has more domestic support than recent media accounts of unrest in the country 's south suggest .
For the moment , most of Iran 's opposition will continue to try to change the country from within the limits of the current system .
Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo appears poised to try to amend the country 's constitution to allow himself a chance at a third term .
Southern governors argue that control of the presidency should remain with the south for years to come , because the north controlled the country during more than three decades of dictatorship .
Indeed , even southern governors who are not reliable Obasanjo allies appear determined to maintain their influence within the central government by ensuring that the country 's next president is a southerner .
In December 2004 , Dokubu 's militias took 75 oil workers hostage and forced Shell to shut down about 10 % of the country 's oil supply .
The country 's factions each have good reason to compromise before the conflict comes to a head .
During a triumphal surprise visit to Baghdad on May 22 , he said he expected Iraqi forces to take responsibility for `` territorial security '' in much of the country by the end of the year .
The committee must enact a new hydrocarbon law that guarantees each of Iraq 's factions a fair share of the country 's oil wealth , which accounts for 97 % of total export revenue .
But the central government will need a large share of that income if it is to finance the construction of new institutions of governance , invest in critical infrastructure , undertake onerous reforms aimed at economic liberalization , and provide the resource-poor -LRB- and already restive -RRB- Sunnis of central Iraq with a greater share of the country 's wealth .
In practice , de-Baathification has excluded thousands of Iraqis -- most of them Sunnis who joined the party during the Saddam era only to secure good jobs -- from the country 's political and economic life .
If Bush and Blair prematurely withdraw large numbers of the troops that support Iraqi stability , the country 's new government would have little chance of success .
Media reports of Iraqi bloodshed focus overwhelmingly on Baghdad -- where the large majority of foreign journalists are based -- creating the impression that the desperate security situation there is representative of the country as a whole .
Only the presence of foreign troops slows the further balkanization of the country 's already fractious politics .
And they will leave the new Iraqi government at the mercy of forces that would eventually pull the country apart .
You learn a lot about a country 's underlying stability by how it responds to a crisis .
In the wake of fiercely contested presidential elections , large numbers of voters in each country questioned the legitimacy of the outcome . The nation 's highest courts were compelled to rule on demands for a ballot recount .
But US political and economic stability was never in doubt in 2000 , because public confidence in the country 's governing institutions allowed them to resolve the conflict peacefully .
The peso has barely budged since the election -- a clear indication that investors have not lost faith in the country .
But the broader picture -- whether , as in Mexico , a country is able to continue to go about its business as its political institutions sort out the mess -- matters far more .
It would also designate Iran 's Revolutionary Guard as a terrorist group and impose further limits on exports to the country 's civil aviation industry .
As in North Korea , a nuclear capability constitutes a powerful symbol of the country 's sovereignty and international clout -- and would be the ultimate guarantee that America could never do there what it has done in Iraq .
Of the three , it is the army leadership that has the clearest means of ridding the country of Pakistan 's president in uniform , Pervez Musharraf .
The threat of terrorist attacks inside the country will continue to rise .
Some in Washington charge that he has done too little to roust al-Qaeda and Taliban fighters from safe havens along the country 's border with Afghanistan .
She must build on her domestic support , but she can rely on economic and security cooperation with America to safeguard the country 's stability .
The Bush administration can therefore enthusiastically back a return to civilian rule and claim a much-needed victory for democracy in a Muslim country .
Second , Turkey 's government hopes to keep the country 's bid to join the European Union moving forward .
Turkey 's government knows that any move to shut down the 600-mile pipeline from Kirkuk to Turkey 's Mediterranean port at Ceyhan would have little near-term impact , since most of Iraq 's oil exports flow from the south , hundreds of miles from the country 's border with Turkey .
We did have primitive tools to sequence proteins , so we could figure out their chemistry .
From the very beginning , these countries have represented the different aspects of Europe 's identity : Belgium , as an industrial country , continentally oriented , bilingual , and an intermediary with southern Europe , and the Netherlands with its strong agricultural and trading tradition and its Anglo-Saxon and Atlantic orientation .
This may have satisfied nationalist feelings in the Netherlands , as the country is 1.5 times the size of Belgium , but it did not go down well in Belgium .
Bolivia 's Evo Morales rose to prominence as leader of the country 's coca growers during a brutal campaign to wipe out their crops , the so-called Dignity Plan .
Rural populations from Africa have the capacity to compete and export greenhouse-gas emission-reduction credits generated by forestry and agriculture activities that improve their livelihoods , ameliorate local environmental problems , and increase communities ' ability to cope with climate change .
Under the Clean Development Mechanism -LRB- CDM -RRB- of the Kyoto Protocol , industrialized countries -LRB- so-called `` Annex I countries '' -RRB- have the right to purchase certificates of carbon sequestration from reforestation projects undertaken in developing countries and use them to offset up to 1 % of their 1990 greenhouse-gas emissions from industry , transport and housing .
Under current EU ETS rules , carbon credits generated by forestry projects undertaken in the CDM currently have no value , despite their obvious climate , environmental , and social benefits .
This is because the so-called `` linking directive '' -- the regulation authorizing EU firms to import Certified Emission Reductions from CDM projects -- bans credits from any forestry project .
The EU ETS 's exclusion of carbon credits from forestry projects will remain in force at least until 2008 , with the question of whether to include them subsequently set to be revisited next year .
The first change would enable Annex I countries to satisfy a greater share of their increasing climate responsibilities using credits from land-use projects implemented in non-Annex I countries . The second change would allow forestry and land-use projects that are eligible to issue carbon credits to include such activities as re-vegetation , forest restoration , and improved agricultural management .
N'DJAMENA , CHAD : `` Since when has justice come all the way to Chad ? '' a former political prisoner asked as a group of torture victims discussed the idea of prosecuting the country 's exiled ex-dictator Hissène Habré .
Habré , who brutalized this impoverished country from 1982 to 1990 , was then living safely in a seaside villa across the continent in Senegal , enjoying the $ 14 million he reportedly looted from the treasury on his way into exile .
Responding to a plea by UN Secretary General Kofi Annan , Senegal 's president Abdoulaye Wade announced that he would hold Habré pending his extradition to a country where he could get a fair trial .
No one yet thinks that Chad is that country .
Last year , in a widely acclaimed trial , four Rwandans were convicted by a Belgian jury of involvement in the 1994 genocide in their country .
Europe , America , and the wider world must not stand idle if Ukraine 's rulers and oligarchs try to steal this election by any means at their disposal .
Rescuing a Revolution Brussels -- There is no more depressing sight in politics than a leader who , desperate to cling to power , ruins his country in the process .
By his recent actions , President Viktor Yushchenko of Ukraine now looks like he has joined the long list of rulers who have sacrificed their country 's future simply to prolong their misrule .
Instead of trying to recover support by pursuing the reforms and privatizations that he promised during the Orange Revolution , Yushchenko is planning to take the few members of `` Our Ukraine '' that he still controls and forge a strategic alliance with the Party of the Regions , the very party that opposed Ukraine 's turn to democracy and an open society .
The economy was growing , and he and Tymoshenko began to tackle the country 's black hole of corruption .
The assumption is that only real pressure will finally force Sudan 's government to embrace the United Nations-African Union peacekeeping force , negotiate with the West , disband the feared Janjaweed militia , allow refugees from the country 's brutal civil war to return to their villages , and make peace with Southern rebels .
There is no time to lose in trying something new .
First , the internal politics of every Arab country revolves around a battle between Arab nationalist rulers and an Islamist opposition .
An Islamist state in the Gaza Strip would encourage those who seek to create similar entities in Egypt , Jordan , and every other Arab country .
In Lebanon , Hezbollah has been trying to bully its more moderate Sunni Muslim , Christian , and Druze rivals into submission .
On the other side of the divide , Iran and its allies have put forward the banners of jihad and `` resistance . '' Their platform includes : Islamist revolution in every country ; Iran as the region 's dominant state , backed up by nuclear weapons ; no peace with Israel and no Palestinian state until there can be an Islamist one encompassing all of Israel -LRB- as well as the West Bank and Gaza Strip -RRB- ; and the expulsion of Western influence from the region .
Nevertheless , it is a prescription for endless terrorism and war : both pro- and anti-Iranian revolutionary Islamists believe that , because God is on their side and their enemies are cowardly , they will win , and they are quite prepared to spend the next half-century trying to prove it .
Such a campaign actually disheartens the relative moderates who , feeling sold out , will try to cut their own deal with Tehran .
The most important decision that Israel 's new government is likely to face , when the time comes , is whether the country 's well being and even survival requires acting decisively against Iran 's nuclear facilities .
For example , with the right investments , tropical countries could significantly reduce emissions from the forestry sector while also creating green jobs .
An increasingly uncompetitive civilian industry , the burden of military commitments overseas , wage stagnation : all signal that the American titan may be wearying .
Corporations have dwelled on connectivity to globalize their markets , R&D , ownership , tax domiciliation , and leadership , thoroughly transforming their relationship with states , whether in their country of origin or elsewhere .
As a result , the room for `` concerted action '' has never been so large for individual Chinese to gain access to uncensored information , share opinions , and communicate country-wide to expose official misconduct .
Poland is a free country , a member of NATO and of the EU , while the Soviet Union is no more .
Pope Benedict , being from Germany , a predominantly Protestant country , does not carry the weight of this bitter history .
Moreover , unlike Pope John Paul II , who , as a Pole , always saw communist Russia as an oppressor , Benedict carries the German sense of guilt stemming from the country 's Nazi past and its brutal invasion of Russia .
In a country stained by social injustice and the most unequal distribution of income in the world , Lula 's victory is an astounding achievement in view of his humble origins and trade union background .
But the darkest shadow is the threat of a default on the country 's $ 260 billion debt .
Giving more independence to the Central Bank would be well received in the markets , as otherwise they will fear Lula will succumb to the temptation to inflate the country 's way out of difficulties .
In Brazil 's case there is a further reason for avoiding default : the country 's debt is owed mainly to Brazilians so that the losers in any default would not only be foreign creditors , but Brazilian banks , insurance companies and other financial institutions , putting the entire financial system at risk of collapse .
But contagion from Argentina 's crisis has undermined MERCOSUL and Argentina 's commitment to the regional project can not be assured after next year 's presidential elections in that country .
They also suggest the continuance of a sort of moral-hazard approach to economic management that ensures foreign help whenever the country drives itself to the edge of an abyss .
And , while there is a good chance that this latest infusion of foreign money will help the country to pull out of a deep economic crisis , it will simply be history repeating itself .
Pakistan does well when it receives large flows of foreign assistance , as in the 1960 's , during President Ayub Khan 's term in power , the 1980 's , when General Zia-ul-Haq ran the country , or the early 2000 's , when General Pervez Musharraf was in charge .
During these three periods of military rule , the country was able to align itself quickly with the US .
The country 's `` friends '' should encourage this effort , perhaps by requiring that the country 's provinces be given a voice in their dialogue with Zardari 's government .
But that outcome is much more likely if democracy flourishes throughout the country .
The country 's establishment was blamed for duplicity in the American war effort in Afghanistan , backing both sides -- the United States and the Taliban -- at the same time .
Public anger at the charges coming from America and Britain about Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence -LRB- ISI -RRB- increased as round-the-clock television coverage showed the devastation and suffering caused by floods in the country 's northwest , the worst in more than 80 years .
The Pakistani public demanded a quick , decisive rebuke of Britain from the country 's leadership .
Pakistan 's civilian government also seemed to be dropping the ball in the economic field , as poor management by the authorities was driving the country towards another crisis .
Or will the country 's civilian leaders mend their ways ?
Musharraf , again acting impulsively , placed the country under emergency rule when Chaudhry was brought back by a decision of his own court .
His second tenure ended when Musharraf removed him from office in October 1999 to establish the country 's fourth military regime .
Following the coup , Bhutto and Nawaz fled into exile , and were allowed back into the country only after Musharraf , hoping that their return would help deflect public attention from the lawyers ' protest movement , announced that he would hold elections .
Given the way Musharraf governed the country , it is hard to imagine that he will be able to stage a political comeback .
Pakistan these days is a troubled country , politically as well as economically .
Thus , in a long interview with the BBC before launching his new party , Musharraf suggested that Pakistan 's army was the only institution that could save the country from its current woes . `` There is a sense of despondency in Pakistan , and the place that the people go to is the military , '' he said .
The PPP remains popular in rural Sindh and among the country 's poor and lower middle class .
The military , if it is to play a role , will try to find new leaders from among the political establishment .
As 2010 concludes , several outstanding issues continue to bedevil the country .
The country has not defined a coherent approach towards those who are resorting to terrorism to advance their agendas , both within Pakistan and abroad .
Thus empowered , the general has been able to exert his influence over foreign policy , in particular in defining the country 's relations with the US , India , and Afghanistan .
Indeed , serious questions are now being raised as to whether the country can survive in its present form .
He could have added that the main opposition party , the Pakistan Muslim League , was content to let him govern until the country went back to the polls sometime in late 2012 or early 2013 .
I do hope that President Musharraf and his family will enjoy their visit to our country . ''
Bin Laden was killed in an operation that did not involve Pakistani forces , but that may -LRB- or may not -RRB- have involved the country 's intelligence community .
Complicating the situation , however , is the fact that the Haqqanis are operating out of North Waziristan , one of the tribal agencies located in the border area between Afghanistan and Pakistan , and is fiercely opposed to the presence of America and NATO troops in their country .
In 1965 , after helping the country to build up its economy and its military strength , the US walked out over the war with India that Pakistan had provoked by sending `` freedom fighters '' into Kashmir .
This cozy relationship created a `` moral hazard '' in Pakistan , as the generous flow of US aid insulated the government and military from any sense of urgency about economic reform : some foreign friend would always rescue the country from its perennial shortage of cash .
They were told that North Korea was a heroic little country besieged by Satanic enemies , led by the United States .
You are obliged to take care of your family , your friends , or even your fellow countrymen .
More Dutch people turned out in the streets of Amsterdam for a night and day of celebration than when the country was actually liberated in May , 1945 .
For more than six months , the country has been unable to form a government that is able to unite the French-speaking Walloons -LRB- 32 % -RRB- and Dutch-speaking Flemish -LRB- 58 % -RRB- .
The Belgian monarch , Albert II , is desperately trying to stop his subjects from breaking up the state .
The so-called `` Munich Agreement '' would come to be seen as an abject betrayal of what Chamberlain termed `` a far away country of which we know little . ''
Strache , the leader of the Freedom Party , wants the government to create a new ministry to manage the deportation of immigrants .
In Denmark , the hard-right Danish People 's Party , with 25 parliamentary seats , is the country 's third largest party .
Skepticism about European unity was routinely denounced as bigotry , or even a form of racism .
The rhetoric of xenophobia and chauvinism is unpleasant , and , in a country with Austria 's past , even alarming .
The Strange Death of Multiculturalism An ideology which holds that people from different cultures must live in separate communities within a country , should not take an interest in each other and must not criticise each other is both wrong and unworkable .
The Netherlands , where I was born , has perhaps been divided by the debate over multiculturalism more than any other country .
The murder of the filmmaker Theo van Gogh two and a half years ago by an Islamist assassin has incited a wrenching debate about the country 's entrenched culture of tolerance and easy access for asylum-seekers .
The children of immigrants , born in Europe , sense they are not fully accepted in the country where they grew up , but neither do they feel a special bond with their parent 's native country .
Such paranoia is widespread in Asia , where almost every country was at the mercy of Western powers for several hundred years .
Japan was never formally colonized , but it , too , felt the West 's dominance , at least since the 1850 's , when American ships laden with heavy guns forced the country to open its borders on Western terms .
As a consequence of the views he expressed on Swedish television , he was denied re-entry into the Church , as was promised earlier by Pope Benedict , which is probably just as well .
Laws on free speech differ somewhat from country to country .
Because he opposed the hard-liners in his own government , he was put under house arrest until his death in 2005 , and his memoirs had to be smuggled out of the country on cassettes , disguised as Peking Opera recordings .
But it does not mean that they were wrong , or naïve , to try .
What made this case special was that Henry Louis `` Skip '' Gates is one of the most celebrated professors in the country , famous for his books , his articles , and numerous television appearances .
Gates , deeply conscious , indeed a specialist of the terrible history of race relations in his country , instinctively assumed that he was a victim of prejudice .
In fact , Japanese history is full of strife and rebellion , and Japan was the first independent Asian country with a multi-party system .
Even if the DPJ fails to implement most of its reforms in short order , the fact that Japanese voters opted for change will invigorate their country 's democracy .
As a co-founder of Doctors Without Borders , he stated that `` we were establishing the moral right to interfere inside someone else 's country . ''
When they try , we tend not to take any notice .
In Thailand , red-shirted demonstrators from the country 's rural northeast rant and rage against the military , social , and political elites of Bangkok .
The phenomenon is worldwide , but its causes differ from country to country .
American liberals , too , are often guilty of sneering at the tastes and habits of their provincial countrymen .
Tensions between the two countries were already high . But then fans of the Honduras team were set upon , and even worse , the Honduran national anthem was insulted , and the country 's white and blue flag defiled .
Which is Holland , of course , the country of my birth .
In Vietnam , the United States was not invading a country , but defending a corrupt authoritarian ally against an aggressive Communist regime .
In the Middle East today , it is reckless and radical : invading a country , wrecking its institutions , and expecting that freedom will grow in the ensuing state of anarchy .
This promise by the DPJ was meant to be part of Japan 's new assertiveness , a first step away from being a mere `` aircraft carrier '' for the US , as a former LDP prime minister once described his country .
If Japan 's status quo is to change , the country 's oddly skewed relationship with the US is one key factor .
Japan , whose armed forces were entirely blamed for driving the country into the catastrophic Pacific War , was not even supposed to have an army or navy after the war .
Japanese governments could devote their energy to building up the country 's industrial wealth , while the US took care of security , and by extension much of Japan 's foreign policy .
But they are not expressed in the same way in every country .
Combine this with China 's bullying of Japan , by blocking the export of rare-earth metals vital for Japanese industry , over a few uninhabited islands between Taiwan and Okinawa , and its refusal to let the renminbi appreciate , and one must wonder why China is being so heavy-handed in its foreign relations .
Things are even worse in Palestinian towns farther afield , such as Hebron , where Israeli settlers often behave like Wild West gunslingers , flouting the laws of their own country as they drive away Palestinians by cutting down their trees , poisoning their livestock , and subjecting them to other forms of torment , including fatal shootings , which have gone unpunished .
When Theodor Herzl was making the rounds of Europe at the end of the nineteenth century , trying to gain support for the establishment of a state for the Jews , he was often rebuffed by rich and powerful Jewish grandees , who saw him as a troublemaker .
There is no figure in either country comparable to Khomeini .
The cynical way in which despots try to discredit all opposition as the work of foreign agents no doubt plays a part in this silence .
Outside Japan , it is widely believed that everything works differently there , owing to the country 's exotic culture .
Burma is a deeply religious country , where most men spend some time as Buddhist monks .
Like the new wave of populists worldwide , Wilders promises to take his country back for his followers , to stop immigration -LRB- especially of Muslims -RRB- , and to make the Netherlands Dutch again , whatever that means .
It was believed , perhaps correctly , that the Germans would be incapable of trying their own former leaders .
And the Nazi crimes had been so horrendous in scale and intent that new laws -- `` crimes against humanity '' -- had to be created to try those who had been formally responsible for them .
It was a promise that partly reflected the feeling of guilt that still haunts the Dutch for looking the other way as the Germans rounded up and deported two-thirds of their country 's Jewish population to death camps .
But trying him for genocide , even though it will be hard to prove that he ever intended to exterminate Bosnian Muslims as a group , just because they were Muslims , will further muddy the term 's already vague definition .
But the main reason is surely that Turkey , a mostly Muslim country , governed by a Muslim party , is viewed as too foreign .
In the words of former French President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing , one of the authors of the EU Constitution , `` Turkey is not a European country . ''
This is hard to take for members of the secular , Westernized Turkish elite , who have spent decades , if not longer , trying to prove their European bona fides .
Like the Catalans or the Scots , the Kurds in Turkey are in favor of EU membership , because it offers a refuge from their own country 's majority .
Alas , at this time of economic crisis , growing nationalism , and inward-looking populism , the chances of a Muslim country becoming a member of the EU are slim , to say the least .
They reacted against a rather smug liberal establishment that tended to dismiss all critical thought about immigration or non-Western faiths and traditions as racism and bigotry .
Sweden , a country of limited cultural diversity , has even more stringent laws on sexual behavior than the US .
As a result , the European liberal left lost its sympathy for Israel , and the country acquired a new set of friends among the right -- even the far right .
Few people have understood this better than the Polish democratic activist and thinker Adam Michnik , one of the heroes who in the 1980 's helped to end the Communist dictatorship in his country .
If so , standing trial in The Hague would be the best service he could render to his country .
Much criticism and even abuse has been heaped on the Dutch for the way her adopted country has treated her .
Whatever the merits -- and they are considerable -- of her arguments against the bigotry of Islamic or African customs , especially those concerning the treatment of women , she lent respectability to bigotry of a different kind : the native resentment of foreigners , and Muslims in particular .
Indeed , contrary to what some commentators have written , it was n't cowardly liberals who hounded Hirsi Ali out of the country because of her politically incorrect views about Islam .
That , too , is the natural fate of being a lucky little country in Western Europe .
The China Model is attractive not only to the country 's new coastal elites , but has global appeal .
Could there be a better place to do business , build stadiums and skyscrapers , or sell information technology and media networks than a country without independent trade unions or any form of organized protest that could lower profits ?
Wilders , a popular rabble-rouser whose party occupies nine seats in the Dutch parliament , compares the Koran to Hitler 's Mein Kampf , wants to stop Muslims from moving to the Netherlands , and thunders that those who are already in the country should tear up half the Koran if they wish to stay .
The Future -LRB- s -RRB- of Civil Aeronautics HAMPTON , VIRGINIA &#45; &#45; Civil aeronautics is in the midst of becoming a `` mature '' industry , with all the drawbacks that this entails .
For decades , technological advances have been essentially incremental , and the industry remains largely based on long-haul transport aircraft , with an emerging small jet component and a legacy of general aviation markets and products .
But it has become increasingly clear that the industry can not survive in this form .
The problems bedeviling the industry include pollution from emissions , increasing competition -LRB- particularly from communications technology , which has made business travel less necessary -RRB- , air traffic control delays and inefficiencies , expanding noise restrictions , safety and security concerns , and an overall business environment highly dependent on fuel prices .
Instead , the industry must re-invent itself .
In addition , Pak Nam-gi , the senior finance ministry official considered responsible for North Korea 's botched issuance of a new currency last year , has disappeared , and Kim Yong-il , North Korea 's prime minister , was fired on June 7 .
A disciplined succession plan is needed because Kim is 68 and in bad health -LRB- and thus unlikely to still be holding power in 2012 , the year he targeted for North Korea to become a `` Strong and Prosperous Country '' -RRB- .
In the meantime , the armed forces appear to remain loyal to Kim , willing to carry out his orders even at the risk of bringing the country to the brink of war , such as by sinking the South Korean naval ship Cheonan in March and warning of `` powerful nuclear deterrence '' against joint South Korean and American military drills .
Moreover , from the beginning South Korea had little faith in the UN even trying to act , due to China 's veto in the Security Council .
There is hardly a developed country where health care reform has not become a kind of chronic disease of modern medicine : as soon as some reforms are implemented , a call comes for yet another round .
Long-term affordability and equitable access requires a finite vision of medicine and health care , one that does not try to overcome aging , death , and disease , but tries to help everyone avoid a premature death and to live decent , even if not perfect , lives .
Following an assassination attempt by an aide-de-camp , Dadis Camara fled the country , and the interim junta leader , General Sékouba Konaté , allowed the opposition political parties to appoint a civilian prime minister .
Escalating popular protests by both incumbent and opposition supporters in Madagascar brought the country to a standstill until the army itself splintered and sacked the president 's office and central bank , forcing the president to step aside in favor of the opposition leader , Andry Rajoelina .
Many feared that the example of the coup in Niger could encourage Nigeria 's military to move at the height of the country 's crisis in executive authority over President Umaru Yar ` Adua 's prolonged absence . In fact , rumors of coup plotting in Nigeria prompted military officers to restrict the movements of soldiers , and may have spurred the political elite to reach the consensus that installed Goodluck Jonathan as acting president .
These and other internal reforms would serve to moderate the furious rise in the price of developing-country assets .
The subplot is inevitably how a Latin American country that once seemed more like Europe developed all the maladies of its Southern neighbors : a state unable to guarantee public health and education ; a growing gap between rich and poor ; the disappearance of the middle class ; and the decline of industrial capacity in favor of producing raw materials .
Argentina had been , since the end of the nineteenth century , the country of the future .
Millions of immigrants arrived with great expectations of making a country -- and making it their country .
In the collective imagination , this idea was expressed in the phrase , `` The country that we all deserve . ''
We no longer have a guide , an idea of how to think about our country , how to understand it and how to imagine who we are and who we can become .
Argentina has become a country without direction .
The Tajikistan outbreak is especially troubling , because the country had been certified by the World Health Organization as polio-free .
Two years later , the country is marked by regional , social , ethnic , and ideological divisions , and its government is confused and disoriented .
Only three of Bolivia 's nine departments support the government , while 60 % of the population is concentrated in the six other departments , which account for 70 % of the country 's territory and two-thirds of its GDP .
The government 's desire to impose its will on the majority of the country is therefore potentially dangerous .
Today , Bolivia is being led by its government toward antagonism between Indians and non-Indians , the eastern and western regions , and city and country , exacerbated by insults and actions that are acquiring an increasingly racist and ethnocentric edge .
Some people see in Chavez an innovative statesman who has seized an almost magical moment -- the windfall Venezuela has received from today 's sky high oil prices &#45; &#45; to change the rules of the game in his country .
In that two year period , Chavez stepped on the gas for his social reforms -- education , health care , etc. -- and also in regard to breaking down the country 's excessive concentrations of wealth .
Above all , however , he has achieved a 6.3 % effective reduction of poverty , after taking over a country whose vast majority - 80 % - was perched between poverty and squalor .
Suspiciously , the country 's central bank refuses to publish that figure for 2005 .
Thus , Chavez is portrayed as a return to the Latin American populist heresy , a heresy that must be resisted because it affects not only the country with the largest oil reserves outside the Middle East , but also because it may tempt the rest of Latin America down that road .
So alarming are conditions in Colombia nowadays that some Americans worry about the country becoming another Vietnam .
Demobilization of one large rebel army , the EPL , was so recent a memory that progress with the other two main guerrilla forces fighting in the country 's seemingly endless guerrilla wars seemed certain . Both the National Liberation Army -LRB- ELN -RRB- and the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia -LRB- FARC -RRB- were involved throughout 1991-92 in apparently serious conversations intended to end their revolts .
Congress , which most Colombians saw as irredeemably corrupt , was sent packing and a broad-based Constitutional Assembly was elected to rewrite the country 's 1886 Constitution .
Many people see the country as on the edge of an abyss , with peace a distant dream .
Now , painfully , Colombians have learned that doing nothing costs even more than reforming , which makes it much more likely that Colombians will choose to persevere in reinventing and restoring their country .
The urgent need in Lebanon is that Israeli attacks stop , that Lebanon 's regular military forces control the southern region of the country , that Hezbollah cease as a separate fighting force , and future attacks against Israel be prevented .
Let Polonia semper fidelis keep faith with its Catholic identity and tradition while succeeding in its integration within Europe , becoming in the process a `` normal '' European country .
Nonetheless , Venezuela fared far better than the average Latin American country .
When Chávez declares `` moribund '' a legitimate constitution , or when he proclaims l'état c'est moi by declaring a national holiday to commemorate his 10 years in power , we see eloquent examples of a homemade institutional farce that would doom any country to the ninth circle of misery .
This is remarkable in a country that for as long as anyone remembers has been ruled , by hook or by crook , by a reactionary oligarchy .
With nearly half the population below the poverty line , the country 's pervasive inequalities underlie its tumultuous political history , soaring crime levels , and massive outward migration .
He will preside over a deeply polarized country , where conservative forces find themselves outside the presidential palace for the first time ever .
Remittances from the United States accounted for roughly 17 % of GDP in 2008 , more than the country 's total exports .
The real problem , however , is less the economic contraction than the very limited room for maneuver that the government enjoys in a country that dollarized its economy in 2001 .
Funes is a moderate voice in a country where there are few of them .
To their credit , many of the project 's opponents have avoided the crass bigotry that is becoming a standard trait of right-wing discourse in the United States .
Only Rajasthan 's economy has kept pace with the rest of the country ; the other four have not benefited much from trade and regulatory liberalization .
If the population grows by 50 % , the country will need to grow 50 % more food , if it is to continue to feed itself .
First , in a modern democracy , punishment must be not only retributive , but should also try to rehabilitate the criminal in order to enable him to live in society with other human beings .
Dusan Prorokovic , Serbia 's state secretary for Kosovo , has said that his country might use force to maintain its sovereignty .
Flawed International Justice for Sudan Those who follow events in Darfur closely know very well that Sudan 's President Omar Hassan al-Bashir leads a group of political and military leaders responsible for the serious and large-scale crimes against Sudanese citizens that the country 's military forces , with the assistance of paramilitary groups and militias , commit every day in the region .
These stories would be no more than funny -- which they are certainly are -- if they were not so damaging to Italy and revelatory of the country 's immobile politics .
From the 1960 's onwards , bombs and death were the order of the day in regions like Northern Ireland , Corsica -LRB- France -RRB- , South Tyrol -LRB- Italy -RRB- , and the Basque country -LRB- Spain -RRB- .
He visited Mexico before any other country , renewed Temporary Protection Status for Central American immigrants , maintained President Bill Clinton 's waiver of certain trade restrictions on countries and companies doing business with Cuba , and gave new impetus to the negotiations to create a Free Trade Area of the Americas .
It could have either avoided a monumental mistake , as Iraq has now proved to be , or it could have brought the United Nations on board from the outset , ensuring that military action , and the subsequent occupation and reconstruction of the country , would have broad multilateral support .
While it might take days or even weeks before Mexico 's cliff-hanger presidential election is officially settled , it seems almost certain that right-of-center , liberal candidate Felipe Calderón will be the country 's next president .
With these reforms , Mexico can finally begin to harvest the fruits of ten years of stability and continuity -- not a mean feat for a country which had previously had major crises in every decade since the 1960s .
Without the reforms , the country will continue to plod along and , no matter how intensely people may feel about it , real change will remain impossible .
With oil prices higher than ever , its country-risk premiums lower than ever , remittances from abroad , tourism revenues , and foreign investment hitting all time highs , and annual GDP growth estimated at 4.2 % for this year , Mexicans -- in many ways -- have never had it so good .
Instead , López Obrador , a former Mexico City mayor , and his supporters demanded a vote-by-vote recount , which is not mandated -- though it is not proscribed -- by the country 's electoral laws .
But no significant improvement on these fronts can occur without thoroughly refashioning the country 's decision-making process .
Uribe was re-elected just over a year ago by a landslide , a tribute to the popularity and effectiveness of his `` democratic security '' policy of combating both the guerrillas and the country 's generalized violence .
The Killings in Colombia The murder of 11 provincial legislators held hostage by Colombia 's FARC guerrillas is a reminder of that country 's eternal agony .
Uribe was re-elected just over a year ago by a landslide , a tribute to the popularity and effectiveness of his `` democratic security '' policy of combating both the guerrillas and the country 's generalized violence .
That seems to be the case in Mexico , which recently passed new tax and electoral laws -- but not the ones the country needs .
Venezuelan Preseident Hugo Chávez has openly proposed abolishing the central bank 's independence , submitting a constitutional reform that would allow him to use the country 's international reserves as he sees fit .
The first American immigration agreement with another country was signed in 1907 -- the so-called Gentleman 's Agreement with Japan , while the US and Mexico negotiated and administered the Bracero Program for more than twenty years , from 1942 thru 1964 .
And , of course , the US has had a standing immigration agreement since 1965 with a country most Americans would not imagine : Fidel Castro 's Cuba .
They achieved only three successes : Cuba , in 1959 ; Nicaragua , in 1979 ; and El Salvador , where , by 1992 , they fought the US and the local army to a stalemate , bringing peace and growing prosperity to their country .
In country after country , the guerrillas were defeated , pacified , brought into the democratic process , or rendered irrelevant .
The consequences of a new terrorist outrage originating from any nation south of the US-Mexican border would be devastating for that country , let alone for the victims of such an attack .
Although there have been enormous improvements in most of these areas , there remains a huge agenda , particularly with regard to breaking up or regulating monopolies -- public , private , commercial , trade union-based -- that plague nearly every country in the region .
Public monopolies like Pemex , private monopolies like Telmex and Cemex , labor monopolies like the teachers ' union , media monopolies like Televisa , and the iron political lock the country 's three parties have on every level of electoral representation , are all stronger than before .
Mexico was then a producer of heroin and marijuana , and a transit country for cocaine from South America .
These past 13 years have been fair-to-middling for the country : mediocre economic growth , but no collapse ; democratic rotation in power , with no uprisings or massacres ; a slow but steady expansion of the middle class ; and a slow but steady drop in corruption .
Given 15 to 20 more years of this unsatisfactory progress , Mexico will become a lower-middle class country like Portugal , Greece , or Poland .
The conservative ARENA party , which has governed El Salvador since the country 's 10-year civil war ended in 1992 , did everything possible to prevent an FMLN victory , resorted , once again , to every red-baiting trick in the book .
Chávez helped the FMLN by giving free or cheap oil to its mayors in many parts of the country , and probably -LRB- though it has not been proven -RRB- by channeling funds , if only in small quantities , to the party 's electoral coffers .
In each country where conflict is present or emerging -LRB- Bolivia , Guatemala , El Salvador , Paraguay , and Ecuador -RRB- the hard-left will push hard , the democracies will look the other way , and Obama will either give in -LRB- as at the OAS -RRB- and pay a domestic political price , or step back from Latin America , for fear of appearing isolated .
As the war drags on , positive results are nowhere to be seen , while violence in the country is escalating .
The third condition was an exit strategy at the outset , which Calderón lacks , because he can neither withdraw in defeat in his own country , nor withdraw and declare victory .
President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva has sought to catapult his country onto the world stage as an emerging power , but he has not fared well .
At that rate , the country 's infrastructure and competitiveness will inevitably decline .
As an opponent of the military dictatorship that ruled his country years ago , Lula advocated respect for human rights , free and fair elections , and representative democracy .
MEXICO CITY -- Everyone these days , it seems , has their own favorite American diplomatic cable -- or will soon -- given that the 250,000 documents obtained by WikiLeaks include references to almost every country in the world .
Backing the creation of a `` Community of Latin American and Caribbean States , '' according to the cable , is logical for a would-be regional hegemon like Brazil , but somewhat absurd for Mexico , which does 90 % of everything -LRB- trade , investment , tourism , immigration -RRB- with the US and Canada , and depends on US support in fighting the country 's drug cartels .
More than two decades of democratic rule and economic growth practically ensure that , simply by staying the course , the country will achieve lower-tier developed status by 2020 .
Even the country 's proverbial inequality is beginning to shrink , albeit slowly , and lower-middle-class living standards are finally rising to where they should have been a decade ago .
But next year the country will celebrate the 20th anniversary of the Chapultepec Peace Accords , which ended its decade-long civil war .
Ever since , a country that had never truly experienced democratic rule has enjoyed all the charms and vicissitudes of competitive elections , legislative battles , and rotation in power .
South America is booming , as India and China swallow up its exports of iron , copper , soybeans , coffee , coal , oil , wheat , poultry , beef , and sugar .
First , they dispatched a three-country mission -LRB- Brazil , India , and South Africa -RRB- to Damascus to `` persuade '' Assad not to murder his people .
Needless to say , he did not respond that , yes , he had killed a few thousand here and there , but that now that they brought it up , he would try to be more careful .
Then they made statement after statement claiming that Syria was not Libya , and they would not allow another Western intervention to achieve regime change in another Arab country just because its people seemed upset with the local dictator .
Brazilian President Luis Inacio `` Lula '' da Silva was photographed boarding the Tikuna , his country 's first conventional , domestically built submarine .
Lula has been able to neatly dovetail his socialist roots with traditional Brazilian nationalism , which has always been strong in the country 's armed forces . ''
O Brasil , país grande '' is a universal slogan in South America 's giant -- a country that has borders with nine neighbors and fears that its distant jungle frontiers can not easily be patrolled .
Arias , the 1987 Nobel peace prize recipient , has a good reason for pushing this idea : his country has no standing army .
So there is nothing in principle new or surprising about the ongoing , almost endless drama that has engulfed Brazil 's President Luis Ignacio `` Lula '' da Silva , his political organization -- the Partido dos Trabalhadores -LRB- PT , or Workers ' Party -RRB- -- and much of the country 's political elite .
If Chile 's left seems to be somewhat impervious to the trend , this has much more to do with the country 's history and culture than with its socialist parties .
But Mexicans have been duly warned about how López Obrador will run the country should he be elected to succeed Vicente Fox as president : the same way he ran their capital city .
Even the free circulation of workers and people in Europe is a well-established and positive reality : 2 % of EU citizens -- more than 10 million people -- reside in a Union member country other than their native one .
Among these , young Europeans are the most motivated -LRB- a half-million EU young people are already studying in another country -RRB- .
Ukraine suffers from the sharp drop in global demand and trade , severely undermining its steel industry .
In most of these countries , democratic development has not yet reached a point where a change in government is a routine part of political life and can take place without risking the country 's stability .
The establishment of `` Comprehensive Institution-Building Programs , '' designed to support reform of key institutions in each partner country , should take place before the year 's end .
In more practical terms , that means continuing to honor Article 49 of the Treaty of Rome , which keeps the door to membership open to any European country willing and able to share the EU 's values , interests , and policies .
The year that has just passed has demonstrated -- in the handling of the financial crisis and in trying to tackle climate change -- both the need for and the difficulties of creating a new paradigm of global governance .
When President Felipe Calderón took office in 2006 , he inherited rising violence , with drug traffickers controlling parts of the country .
The government insists that drug-related violence is concentrated in just three of the country 's 32 states , but the problem has spread to most of the country .
But the country 's rampant violence has created an environment of insecurity that complicates everyday life for many Mexicans .
Moreover , we are beginning to identify molecular mechanisms that regulate the entry of cancer cells into a dormant state , as well as their re-awakening at later times .
With the left on the march in much of Latin America , it is no surprise that Nicaragua 's Sandinista leader Daniel Ortega is trying to make a comeback .
But Ortega is creating a state of emergency in his party as he tries to diminish the threat posed by Herty Lewites , the former mayor of Managua and the country 's most popular politician .
While it 's premature to make definitive predictions , the Lewites and Montealegre rebellions have already done more in eight weeks to change the country 's political landscape than anything else in the last two years .
Although the electoral fraud in Managua was the most widely documented , the same modus operandi occurred across the country , affecting more than 40 municipalities .
But the stolen local elections that took place last autumn have set the country back 50 years , to the time of the Somoza dictatorship .
And the international community , which provides almost a third of the resources needed to make the country work , is being alienated .
Had he failed to win in the capital and the country 's principal cities , he would have had to recognize the failure of his authoritarian political model , which has also had no success in reducing poverty .
So Ortega ran the risk of committing electoral fraud , and now the country is paying the price .
Finally , Hong Kong represents a test of the `` one country , two systems '' model proclaimed in 1997 , and thus of the feasibility of China 's applying the same scheme to its reunification plans for Taiwan .
Even more unsettling , we recognize that America or another country may well be attacked by surprise once again , and are left wondering if such an event will match or exceed the horror of last year .
With equal fervor , Iran 's president , Mahmoud Ahmedinejad , defends his country 's right to develop its nuclear capacity -LRB- though denying that his country seeks nuclear weapons -RRB- and challenges decades of Holocaust research .
In writing to Merkel , he is addressing the leader of a country decimated by Nazi rule -- millions dead , an entire society and economy reduced to rubble .
Indeed , any Indian able to read this article should consider himself lucky , because India 's politicians have succeeded in keeping a majority of the country 's population thoroughly illiterate -LRB- as well as poor and unhealthy -RRB- .
One element in such a policy of reassurance , repeatedly said by Obama and most recently in a television interview , is to `` try to resolve the Kashmir crisis so that they -LRB- Pakistan -RRB- can stay focused not on India , but on the situation with those militants . ''
This is a sensible goal , and one India 's leaders will acknowledge as in their country 's interest .
If so , the question for India will be whether this is accomplished by reducing the international space that the country gained under Bush .
Indeed , the protagonists of caste politics and caste-based public policy simply can not validate their assertions , offering only small-sample surveys that can be grossly misleading in the context of a huge country characterized by monumental diversity .
But statistical analysis of this evidence -- the only accessible macro-level quantitative data for the whole country -- does not confirm caste as a clear indicator of deprivation .
`` In this country , the real blockade , the one that affects the daily life of the people is the internal governing system , '' he declared .
In another article , he wrote that no one could make him feel like a criminal : `` I am merely a man who writes ; one who writes in the country where I was born . ''
My student asked why Rivero stayed and he replied with the mantra he lived : `` Why should I leave , this is my country . ''
In 2000 , he wrote about a poetry contest in Cuba run by the dissident group Reflection .
I imagine that Rivero would want to end with a diary entry smuggled out by his fellow journalist and prison mate Manuel Vázquez Portal .
Welcome to Cuba , a country that dazzles and disappoints , where one finds miracles and monsters , but no easy answers .
With more than 40 % of Latin America 's population living in poverty , Cuba stands out as an example of a country where being poor does not mean a life of squalor .
Because Latin American countries enjoy the billions of dollars that their countrymen in the United States send home , they should take note of how many of their benefactors are being treated by American officials .
Gil Cedillo , a California state senator who has been trying to reverse earlier legislation that in 1994 made it illegal for undocumented workers in California to drive , wrote in a recent policy paper , `` While the number of immigrant drivers may be minimally reduced , most simply drive without being trained , tested , licensed , and insured . ''
So , trying to parse their positions to make a case for one over another is harder to do than guessing who will end up winning the World Cup .
So , a first question for Latin America should be how do the candidates differ on treating the undocumented countrymen already in the US ?
As China seeks to translate its economic clout into major geopolitical advantages in Asia , a country that once boasted of `` having friends everywhere '' finds that its growing power may be inspiring awe , but that its actions are spurring new concerns and fears .
Beijing 's 2004 spat with South Korea over the ancient kingdom of Koguryo -- triggered by a revised historical claim posted on the Chinese foreign ministry 's Web site that the empire , founded in the Tongge river basin of northern Korea , was Chinese -- was seen as an attempt to hedge China 's options vis-à-vis a potentially unified Korea .
Within Vietnam 's ruling Communist Party , there are deep divisions over the country 's relations with the US .
After all , despite Burma 's strategic importance vis-à-vis China and Aung San Suu Kyi 's release from house detention , the US continues to enforce stringent sanctions against that country , with the aim of toppling its government .
In fact , 2010 will be remembered as the year that Chinese leaders undercut their country 's own interests by kindling fears of an expansionist China , thereby facilitating America 's return to center stage in Asia .
By contrast , India 's location next to the Af-Pak has left it far more vulnerable , and the country has since suffered a series of major attacks -- from the assault on its parliament in December 2001 to the terrorist siege of Mumbai in 2008 .
Although Pakistan is now the largest recipient of US aid in the world , the Failed States Index 2010 , created by Foreign Policy and the Fund for Peace , ranks the country 10th , between Guinea and Haiti .
NEW DELHI -- The troubles of the Fukushima nuclear-power plant -- and other reactors -- in northeast Japan have dealt a severe blow to the global nuclear industry , a powerful cartel of less than a dozen major state-owned or state-guided firms that have been trumpeting a nuclear-power renaissance .
Because reactors located inland put serious strain on local freshwater resources -- including greater damage to plant life and fish -- water-stressed countries that are not landlocked try to find suitable seashore sites .
Paradoxically , then , the very conditions that made it impossible for the nuclear industry to deliver full power in Europe in 2003 and 2006 created peak demand for electricity , owing to the increased use of air conditioning .
France likes to showcase its nuclear power industry , which supplies 78 % of the country 's electricity .
But such is the nuclear industry 's water intensity that EDF withdraws up to 19 billion cubic meters of water per year from rivers and lakes , or roughly half of France 's total freshwater consumption .
And , decades after Lewis L. Strauss , the Chairman of the United States Atomic Energy Agency , claimed that nuclear power would become `` too cheap to meter , '' the nuclear industry everywhere still subsists on munificent government subsidies .
Yet today 's heady talk of freedom can not obscure the reality that the people 's `` revolution '' has so far led only to a direct military takeover , with the decades-old emergency law still in force and the country 's political direction uncertain .
Nothing illustrates this better than Bahrain , where Saudi Arabia -- which has contributed more than any other country to the spread of global jihad -- sent forces under the Gulf Cooperation Council banner to crush peaceful protests .
Libya , too , is a weak , divided country .
This , in turn , underlines another fundamental reality -- that the fight against international terrorism can not be won without demilitarizing and de-radicalizing Pakistan , including by rebalancing civil-military relations there and reining in the country 's rogue Inter-Services Intelligence agency .
Even as Americans exult over bin Laden 's killing , the US government must recognize that its failed policy on Pakistan has inadvertently made that country the world 's main terrorist sanctuary .
After dictator Pervez Musharraf was driven out of office , the new Pakistani civilian government ordered the ISI to report to the interior ministry , but received no support from the US for this effort to assert civilian control , allowing the army to quickly frustrate the effort .
After coming to office , US President Barack Obama implemented a military surge in Afghanistan . In Pakistan , however , he implemented an aid surge , turning it into the largest recipient of US aid , even though the Afghan Taliban leadership and Al Qaeda remnants remained ensconced in the country .
Make no mistake : the scourge of Pakistani terrorism emanates more from the country 's Scotch whisky-sipping generals than from the bead-rubbing mullahs .
In fact , Pakistan 's descent into a jihadist dungeon occurred not under civilian rule , but under two military dictators -- one who nurtured and let loose jihadist forces , and another who took his country to the very edge of the precipice .
NEW DELHI -- China 's announcement that its first aircraft carrier is ready to set sail as early as the end of this month has refocused attention on the country 's naval ambitions .
So , too , has the Pakistani defense minister 's disclosure that his country recently asked China to start building a naval base at its strategically positioned port of Gwadar , on the Arabian Sea .
For example , Zhang Guangqin , Deputy Director of the Chinese State Commission for Science , Technology , and Industry for National Defense , said in 2005 that the Varyag was not being modified for military use .
No other country has ever managed to assume such unchallenged riparian preeminence on a continent by controlling the headwaters of multiple international rivers and manipulating their cross-border flows .
Whereas riparian neighbors in Southeast and South Asia are bound by water pacts that they have negotiated between themselves , China does not have a single water treaty with any co-riparian country .
As a result , water has increasingly become a new political divide in the country 's relations with neighbors like India , Russia , Kazakhstan , and Nepal .
With its industry now dominating the global hydropower-equipment market , China has also emerged as the largest dam builder overseas .
For India , the end of the Cold War triggered a foreign-policy crisis by eliminating the country 's most reliable partner , the Soviet Union .
But , as with its 1991 financial crisis , India was able to emerge with a revamped foreign policy -- one that abandoned the country 's quixotic traditions and embraced greater realism and pragmatism .
Indeed , as the US intelligence community 's 2009 assessment predicted , China stands to affect global geopolitics more profoundly than any other country .
Now the country is being divided by the political rivalry between two Sinhalese war idols , each of whom wants to be remembered as the true leader who crushed the Tamil Tiger guerrillas .
Neither of the two main candidates , though , has promised to tackle the country 's key challenge : transforming Sri Lanka from a unitary state into a federation that grants provincial and local autonomy .
After all , the issues that triggered the civil war were rooted in the country 's post-independence moves to fashion a mono-ethnic national identity , best illustrated by the 1956 `` Sinhalese only '' language policy and the 1972 Constitution 's elimination of a ban on discrimination against minorities .
Sri Lanka is the only country , along with Malaysia , with affirmative action for the majority ethnic community .
The country 's future hinges on it .
If anything , China has proven that a country can blend control , coercion , and patronage to stymie the Internet 's politically liberalizing elements .
One is to steal secrets and gain an asymmetrical advantage over another country .
To be sure , if a cyber attack is camouflaged , it is not easy to identify the country from which it originated .
Through the use of so-called `` false-flag espionage '' and other methods , attacks can be routed through the computers of a third country .
But , like their comrades in the pharmaceutical industry , such hackers tend to leave telltale signs .
That has helped reinforce the Chinese elite 's faith in the country 's fusion of autocratic politics and state capitalism .
China 's military power was built by Mao Zedong , enabling Deng to focus single-mindedly on rapidly building the country 's economic power .
Thousands of Chinese convicts , for example , have been pressed into service on projects undertaken by state-run Chinese companies in Sri Lanka , a strategically important country for China as it seeks to enhance its regional position in the Indian Ocean .
After providing Sri Lanka 's government with offensive weapon systems that helped end the country 's decades-long civil war , China has been rewarded with port-building , railroad , and other infrastructure projects .
So far , however , China has failed to persuade the country 's president to lease it one of the 700 uninhabited Maldivian islands for use as a small base for the Chinese navy .
In theory , such practices run counter to regulations promulgated by the Chinese commerce ministry in August 2006 , in response to a backlash against Chinese businesses in Zambia following the death of 51 Zambian workers in an explosion at a Chinese-owned copper mine .
Yet Chinese leaders remain more zealous about promoting exports and economic growth than in protecting the country 's air and water .
Estimates suggest that 70 % of the hardware made in China 's IT industry is produced by Taiwan-owned companies .
Missile tests aside , China has been trying to cajole America into stopping arms sales to Taiwan .
China blocked Taiwan 's entry into the Word Health Organization even though the SARS epidemic inflicted heavy casualties on the island earlier this year .
To allay China 's fury over his private trip to Taiwan this summer before becoming Singapore 's prime minister , Lee Hsien Loong said that his country will not support Taiwan should it declare formal independence from mainland China .
Commenting on Taiwan 's UN application , Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Kong Quan demanded that Taipei stop pursuing its `` two China 's '' policy .
As a result of such pressure , Taiwan has become the most isolated country in modern history , which is all the more glaring in view of its economic and political success .
Although opinion polls indicate that a majority still supports the status quo , many are beginning to believe that if the country 's official name , the Republic of China , is not acceptable to the international community , then another name might be .
With Pakistan 's economy in a tailspin , and with the jihad culture of so many young Pakistanis undermining the country 's international credibility , moderate voices are at long last breaking through .
Domestically , it has thwarted the country 's economic , social and political development . Internationally , -LRB- it -RRB- has diminished the country 's stature and left its reputation smeared .
But Vajpayee should try to do more than score points off Musharraf .
Similarly , in Nepal , a Maoist insurgency has taken advantage of divisions between the King and parliament to gain control of much of the countryside .
The same is true of some prime ministers , like Thailand 's authoritarian Thaksin Shinawatra , who now stands accused of weakening his country 's democratic traditions in favor of personal rule .
But in parliamentary democracies such as Japan and India , an elected leader runs the country until the day his or her party or coalition loses its legislative majority .
For example , the cotton textile industry that developed in Bombay between 1857 and 1947 operated with no employment restrictions , complete security of capital , a stable and efficient legal system , no import or export controls , freedom of entry by entrepreneurs from around the world , and free access to the British market .
Moreover , it had access to some of the world 's cheapest capital and labor , in an industry where labor accounted for more than 60 % of manufacturing costs .
Yet India 's textile industry could not compete against Britain 's , even though British wages were five times higher .
In the textile industry in the early twentieth century , for example , output per worker hour of Polish workers in New England was four times greater than that of Polish workers using the same machines in Poland .
Aid to poor societies in the form of programs designed to expose their students and workers to the experience of living and working in the US before returning home will be more effective than trying to make these societies ' governments and institutions more like those of the advanced economies .
Man , Machine , and in Between TÜBINGEN , GERMANY - -- We are so surrounded by gadgetry nowadays that it is sometimes hard to tell where devices end and people begin .
In fact , if , on the eve of the 2009 European Parliament elections , the new Reform Treaty enters into force , each member country will be forced to clarify and justify its position .
In this climate , Dutch Prime Minister Peter Balkenende , still bogged down in his country 's `` no '' vote on the EU 's draft constitutional treaty in 2005 , has been seeking to win British , Czech , and Polish support for measures to make it possible to diminish the EU 's areas of responsibility .
Combined with a restive military and an impotent administration , the country has become Southeast Asia 's weakest link in the war on terror .
But Japan now has in Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi a leader who wants the country to be militarily proactive .
The doctrine of preventive defense has deep roots in Japan , and it is a dangerous doctrine if there is a political vacuum for the country 's militarists to fill .
There is now a bigger difference between the voting preferences of Southern white women and white women in the rest of the country than between men and women .
But women who are more dependent upon a husband often accept a double standard that stresses female purity and male gallantry .
Dying to save your home , family , or country may be rational . But martyrdom is different and dangerous .
Second , although an `` amoral '' international system may be necessary to support pluralism , an individual country 's foreign policy need not be value-free .
How you define your interests reflects how you define your country .
Even so , the country must now , year after year , increase its military expenses so that it can begin to approximate NATO standards .
The more tightly bound to the democratic world a country like Romania is , the less likely it is to experience dramatic social or political unrest or to eviscerate its democratic system .
Across Romania , fear is growing of a looming porcine genocide as the country prepares to negotiate its way into the EU .
Unless breeders adapt to the new , coming European era , Romanian pigs , at least those bred on thousands and thousands of small farms scattered across the countryside , seem doomed .
By trying to coerce them with fines ?
Romania 's most vicious anti-Semitic and ultra-nationalist politician , Corneliu Vadim Tudor , is trying hard to persuade people that he has changed his ways .
The feral dogs of Bucharest are a tawdry legacy of communism , like the many half-built and abandoned blocs of flats dotted across the city and throughout the country .
I doubt , however , that celebrities like Miss Bardot will ever recognize the absurdity of their misplaced priorities -- to come to a country where millions live in despair and dire conditions , and show concern for only the wild dogs .
Afghanistan is in danger of falling back into the hands of terrorists , insurgents , and criminals , and the multi-billion-dollar opium trade is at the heart of the country 's malaise .
High-level collusion enables thousands of tons of chemical precursors , needed to produce heroin , to be trucked into the country .
Armed convoys transport raw opium around the country unhindered . Sometimes even army and police vehicles are involved .
Afghans are fed up with arrogant and well-armed tycoons who live in mansions and drive top-of-the range Mercedes limousines -- this in a country where barely 13 % of the population have electricity and most people must survive on less than $ 200 a year .
Furthermore , Afghanistan 's neighbors must do more to stop insurgents , weapons , money , and chemical precursors from flowing across their borders into the country .
There is no point in trying to win the hearts and minds of major drug traffickers .
Medellin Moves to Africa An unfamiliar country keeps popping up in press reports about drug trafficking : Guinea Bissau .
Cocaine , in a country with no coca bush ?
To appreciate the malaise of a country like Guinea Bissau , imagine that you are a policeman there and are tipped off about a drug shipment coming in by plane .
For example , the roughly 180 enterprises in the Ministry of Industry and Minerals , which controls all state-owned manufacturing companies , never employed much more than 100,000 workers in a nation of roughly 27 million people .
Only a few years ago , antitrust authorities in the US were convinced that IBM was locking up the computer industry for generations to come .
Yet regulators persist in trying to inject themselves into these fields , with antitrust authorities claiming that they are ripe with anti-competitive practices and exercises of `` undue market power '' by the most successful market participants .
THE HAGUE -- In 1993 , atrocities committed against Slavic Muslims near the Bosnian silver-mining town of Srebrenica catalyzed demands to establish a tribunal to try political and military leaders accused of war crimes in the former Yugoslavia .
The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia -LRB- ICTY -RRB- also gave rise to the permanent International Criminal Court to try war criminals worldwide .
French identity , for example , is based on the country 's unique brand of republican secularism , known as laïcité .
At the same time , China remains a vast developing country , ardently seeking more rapid economic growth to lift hundreds of millions out of poverty and to provide better living standards for hundreds of millions more .
Even though parts of both the developed and the developing world increasingly look to China for leadership , the country 's leaders view such a global role as beyond their current capabilities . Yet , China has come a long way from the days of the Kyoto Protocol .
According to the Kyoto Protocol , what China , as a `` developing '' country , and the US , as a `` developed '' country , are required to do is completely different .
As a developing country that has throughout history emitted only one-fifth of the CO2 emitted by the US , China insists that it has the moral right to resist calls to take the lead .
If a relatively well-off and religious country known as the `` land of smiles '' can so rapidly degenerate into bloody class warfare , what would happen if the Chinese Communist Party lost its monopoly on power ?
The Chinese government is promoting social welfare in the countryside , but it must also give more institutional expression to social grievances .
Its burgeoning population far outstrips the country 's ability to feed itself .
Worse still , in a vast and predominantly rural country , the prime minister 's underlings control broadcasting and maintain a choke-hold on other media .
Rather than accept its losses , the EPRDF-run government responded with a brutal crackdown , claiming outright victory and accusing the opposition of trying to stage an insurrection .
In late April 2009 , security forces arrested 40 opposition figures , accusing them of trying to topple the government .
Some newspapers have stoked the country 's ethnic and regional animosities , and can be wildly inaccurate in their reporting .
The aid that Ethiopia receives from its friends may be a small price to pay to keep Africa 's second largest country from descending into chaos .
Asserting Western values in a unified way and then assigning jobs to those who can do them best seems a more effective and dignified approach than the present spectacle of Americans moving forward almost blindly while Europeans try to look away .
Many politicians try to stay as close to prevailing majority views as possible . They regard this as `` democratic '' and hope that such fidelity to the popular will guarantees them re-election .
The most flagrant absence of leadership on display today , in the name of following the apparent majority view of the people , is that of Chancellor Gerhard Schröder in Germany . He not only probably won his last election by openly opposing military action in Iraq , but he continues to behave as if he were heading a peace march rather than a country .
In a sense , this is the definition of true leadership : to take a country and its people to a better future which is not yet clear to most but that has been partly discovered and partly created by those in power who hold an unerring sense of direction .
This is connected with a practical question : who is in a position to build a new country on the ruins of the old regime ?
Poland is a recent example of a country that achieved this feat .
There is much to be said for holding on to the classical institutions of parliamentary democracy and trying to reconnect them with the citizenry .
Parliamentary committees advised by legal experts try too hard to get things right forever and forget their original intentions in the process .
It could be argued that the greater the power of the judiciary is in a country , the slower the pace of reform becomes .
It set up a Convention , which produced a draft treaty , and soon an Intergovernmental Conference will try to take the project to a conclusion .
Should the rest of the country simply give in to them ?
I can still feel , with shame , the sense of being not only unwanted but of being an illegitimate invader in a proud country .
While Iraqis may be pleased to be rid of a murderous regime , they had little time to get accustomed to the notion of being an occupied country .
After initial uncertainties , there was soon a clear and widely recognized vision of where the country should go .
What if the American dream of bringing democracy to that troubled country ends in its citizens electing a fundamentalist movement to power ?
Whoever governs must try to square this circle .
Things in Iraq may not be as bad as the daily news of bomb attacks make events there sound ; but it is clear that there will be no lasting progress towards a liberal order in that country without basic security .
It is not aimed at creating a united -LRB- Catholic -RRB- Ireland , an independent Basque country , or even a Palestinian state , but at a particular worldview and those who represent it .
Without doubt , the first priority for any free country must be to protect its citizens and assets against acts of terrorist violence .
But even he may stay in office to try again , having blamed others - in this case private companies - for the debacle .
Even in Israel , the last true immigration country - at least for Jews - assimilation is no longer so easy .
The probability of Iraqi elections being held this coming January must be lower than 50 % , and we can be certain that these will not be free and fair elections throughout the entire country .
Indeed , Iraq no longer deserves to be described as a united country .
What other way forward is there for that unhappy former country ?
In a Muslim country , such a strategy would , moreover , provide protection against hijacking of the law by religious fanatics .
The real question is whether democracy could really have done the trick , and then , whether missiles and tanks are the right method to bring democracy to a country that has suffered dictatorial rule for a long period of time .
Perhaps the entry of the United States into the -LRB- European -RRB- war had something to do with the post-war order .
Even so , why has so little come of the intention of the Iraq war 's leaders to give democracy a chance in that country ?
The defeated candidate , Viktor Yanukovich , contests the result . The country is deeply divided .
In Ukraine , the divergent interests of the country 's west and east have to be recognized if legitimacy is to be established .
Indeed , the bureaucracy itself is often blamed for the country 's rigidity and ongoing stagnation .
First , if academic achievement is the entry ticket to power and status , what about the rest ? What about those who do not make it to university ?
In some ways , the country simply ignored their past and moved forward .
US participants represent a country at war in which energies are concentrated on defeating the enemy , `` terrorism , '' whether of the Al Queda or Iraqi variety .
Most of the time , they agree only to try to put the brakes on firm action .
Europeans do not want to fight , not even for their basic values , and Americans think they are fighting only as patriots of their great country .
Poland is another country in which individual initiative flourishes -- to the point that the apocryphal `` Polish plumber '' came to epitomize the threats posed by globalization in France .
Britain is not the only country where ancient rights of habeas corpus , of the inviolability of the person , are to be restricted by new legislation that , for example , extends the permissible length of detention without charge .
Nevertheless , one must wonder about a winning movement with quite a few elected members in Israeli prisons and others who are not likely to get permission to enter the country in which they were elected , so that the new parliament can not function properly .
Some say that it is achieved only once a country has passed the `` two-turnover test , '' that is , two changes of government without violence .
-LRB- The absurd consequence is that the unelected House of Lords becomes the real legislature of the country . -RRB-
But , even without such a vow , he would find it difficult after nine years in office to combine a program of reform with a sense of what can be achieved given the mood of his party and of the country .
When Tony Blair says that the most important liberty is security from terrorist attacks , he has forgotten the first principles of his party and his country .
Taking two recent European examples , Poles and Slovaks will likely soon realize that their new populist governments do more harm than good to the people and their country .
Yet no one thought much about it when American presidents of different faiths swore their oath of office to God and country .
The answer to the question , `` Where do we go if we have to leave ? '' is not usually China or some African country , nor is it any longer much of Latin America .
For more than a century , Ireland was an emigration country par excellence .
The self-destruction of the Congress Party has left India 's government unworried by any political threat from outside its own ranks . In Russia , President Putin bestrides his country 's elected Duma like Gulliver over the Lilliputians .
This has become an issue in a number of countries , and it has led some governments -LRB- as President Putin 's did recently -RRB- to try and curb freedom of expression .
In the United Kingdom , where this did not happen in the 1970s and 1980s , every university place could have been filled with a Continental European trying to escape declining institutions at home .
In the accepted classification of sciences , mathematics is thought to be the queen , and the most difficult to grasp , followed by physics , chemistry , and , finally , biology .
When molecules entered the scientific understanding of life with the discovery of DNA , biology climbed one step up the scale , to chemistry .
The dilemma in Britain is the same as that of any West European country : the move by left-of-center parties to the middle ground , and their acceptance of market forces , means that right-of-center parties have lost their traditional claim to govern on the grounds of economic moderation and good sense .
It may be argued that the Europeans should try to close this chasm , by increasing their own defense spending . Perhaps they should ; but there are two problems .
The key country here is Russia .
We can have no idea in advance how a 25-member EU will really operate ; practical realities will exert their influence on political chemistry .
The idea of a two-speed or variable-geometry Union , has long been debated , mainly as a way of finessing the Euro-skeptical foot-dragging of successive British governments .
Then , thank goodness , the idea of a variable-geometry Union seemed to lose urgency when Tony Blair came to power .
What is now reviving the idea of variable geometry is the prospect of the EU 's massive enlargement with the admission of ten new members from Eastern Europe and the Mediterranean , multiplied by the political crisis within Europe over the American war against Iraq .
Sweden 's government wanted the country to join , because it was afraid of the consequences of staying outside .
But Blair 's deeper purpose will be to try to ensure that if negotiations on the EU Constitution break down , Britain is not stranded permanently in the outer ring of a two-speed Europe .
Spain , together with Portugal , Greece , and Ireland , has been an enormous beneficiary of the budget on both counts ; and Poland , another poor country , wishes to join the gravy train .
But even if the French do vote `` No , '' that will not solve the British problem : on the contrary , it will precipitate a major political crisis , in France and across Europe , concerning the future of the EU -- the type of crisis that the British have spent fifty years trying to evade .
I had never worked in the financial industry , and knew few people who did . -LRB- Full disclosure : I am now an independent Director of Morgan Stanley . -RRB-
Of course , regulatory staff had more informal links with the industry than with consumers .
But that is inevitable in any country .
The industry 's voice was more often heard in Parliament as well .
The media seem to think so , though with relations between government and industry still only a notch below open warfare , it is difficult to be sure .
The first is the revolving door between the industry and regulatory bodies .
But were regulators surrogate lobbyists for the financial industry ?
One obvious point is that it is hard to identify a clear relationship between the financial industry 's structure and success or failure in the crisis .
Economists have been trying to produce more robust answers to those questions .
A new global Financial Stability Board is trying to make sense of all this , and also to work out a new `` macro-prudential mechanism '' reflecting system-wide risks .
The governor from a country in recession might feel almost bound to vote against an increase in interest rates , or for a cut , regardless of overall conditions in the eurozone .
That loss would be borne by eurozone member states in proportion to their share of eurozone GDP , even though the votes are one per country .
In particular , a country planning to intervene must demonstrate that it has an intimidating stockpile of foreign-exchange reserves , and the readiness to use it .
Moreover , confusion about environmental cancer risks also results from longstanding , carefully cultivated , and well-financed disinformation campaigns inspired by the machinations of the tobacco industry .
Brazil 's successful return to the financial markets at the end of April and the strengthening of the country 's currency , the real , have shown that the election of President Luiz Inácio da Silva -LRB- Lula -RRB- has not led to a collapse of foreign confidence .
This would give the authorities room to address the country 's daunting longer-term policy agenda -- including a major reform of the costly pension system , an overhaul of the tax system , and strengthening the bankruptcy framework -- that Brazil must face in order to boost competitiveness .
Lula 's countrymen , who elected him overwhelmingly , need rapid economic growth and job creation .
KABUL -- Suicide bombings , assassinations of top Afghan leaders , brutal attacks on Charikar and other places close to Kabul , Afghanistan 's capital , and a rapid increase in civilian deaths from drone attacks are jeopardizing the withdrawal of American and NATO forces from the country .
First , apply the dictum of T.E. Lawrence -LRB- Lawrence of Arabia -RRB- that it is better to let `` them '' do it than it is to try to `` do it better '' for them .
In settling the Afghan war , the government and donors should seek to eschew the pattern of unkept promises that has bedeviled reconstruction of the country in the past .
Effective demobilization and reconciliation in El Salvador , for example , ensured the consolidation of peace after that country 's brutal civil war of the 1980 's .
Treating the transition to peace as `` development as usual '' has , moreover , led to new violence in East Timor , a country that the UN once trumpeted as a success story .
Early efforts to privatize Iraq 's oil industry proved disastrous , confirming for many Iraqis that the occupying Americans were determined to `` steal '' the country 's wealth and thus fanning the flames of violent resistance .
Selling goods for export and selling the country to foreign investors is very different .
As White points out , promoters of FDI are not selling a product , which the country 's embassies abroad may be able to do .
The executive director should put together a team of analysts located in critical locations abroad and able to conduct business intelligence . This requires investigation of markets and trends , and identification of specific firms that would be desirable for the clusters or niches that the country wants to promote .
The team will also need `` promoters '' in these locations , with public-relations expertise and technical knowledge of the country and the clusters .
Finally , the team will need local `` service providers '' with technical knowledge of specific clusters to support foreign investors once they have located in the country , thereby ensuring that they remain and expand .
Foreign investors have responded by pouring resources into the country .
With capital inflows amounting to 20 % of GDP in the years before the war , annual economic growth jumped to over 12 % in 2007 , with the country experiencing almost 40 % growth since 2003 .
The `` arms-for-land '' program that the Salvadoran government pursued was the main venue for productive reintegration , providing beneficiaries with a viable livelihood and a stake , however tiny , in the country 's wealth .
But Adam Smith in 1776 , and David Ricardo a little later , looked forward to a future Britain that looked a lot like China -- a full country with high agricultural productivity and a well-developed division of labor but a very poor peasantry and working class ruled by very rich landlords .
BERKELEY -- Despite the frequent cries of American Republicans that Barack Obama is trying to bring European-style socialism to the United States , it is now very clear that the US president wishes to govern from one place and one place only : the center .
In all of these cases , Obama is ruling , or trying to rule , by taking positions that are at the technocratic good-government center , and then taking two steps to the right -- sacrificing some important policy goals -- in the hope of attracting Republican votes and thereby demonstrating his commitment to bipartisanship .
And policymakers are falling into line : in late July , Peter Orszag , Director of the US Office of Management and Budget said that the coming fiscal consolidation in the US over the next three years will be the country 's deepest retrenchment in 60 years .
BERKELEY -- We hear from surprisingly many quarters these days that governments in Europe and North America , and their central banks , should give up on the expansionary policies they have pursued to try to create jobs .
Consider the claims -- rampant nowadays in the US -- that further government attempts to alleviate unemployment will fail , because America 's current high unemployment is `` structural '' : a failure of economic calculation has left the country with the wrong productive resources to satisfy household and business demand .
The problem , the parrot would say , is that households and businesses are still trying to build up their stocks of safe , high-quality assets , and are switching expenditures from buying currently-produced goods and services to increasing their shares of an inadequate supply of government liabilities .
When economic historians examine the Great Recession , their overwhelming consensus is likely to be that its depth and duration reflected governments ' refusal to try to do more , not that they tried to do too much .
Then , at the start of 2010 , the countries that had been muddling through divided into two groups : those where government credit was unimpaired continued to muddle through , while countries like Greece and Ireland , where government credit was impaired , had no choice but to pursue austerity and try to restore fiscal confidence .
Our country 's credit rating was affirmed .
Steam power , factories , markets , and industry quickly spread throughout northwest Europe and its settler colonies .
Alexander Hamilton was clear on the primacy of commerce and industry .
And he and his Federalist colleagues , including John Adams , believed strongly in providing infant industries with room to grow -- even using money from the Department of War to fund experiments in high-tech industry .
We know that when Americans become confident again -- when they believe that they could find new jobs if they lost their current ones , and when they can no longer tolerate doubling-up with their in-laws -- they will demand more dwellings than the country has today .
With households desperately trying to rebuild their balance sheets , and with capital investment remarkably healthy , the only places to boost spending to restore capacity utilization and unemployment to normal levels are exports , government purchases , and construction investment .
America faces long-run and short-run problems : decaying infrastructure , weakening educational systems , and a dysfunctional health-care system that produces sub-standard outcomes at twice the cost of any other industrial country .
There is more : state and local budget-cutting has slowed America 's pace of investment in human capital and infrastructure , adding a third percentage point to the downward shift in the country 's long-term growth trajectory .
Industrial-country governments all around the world now took fighting depression to be their first and highest economic priority , so that savers and businesses had no reason to worry that the hard times that followed 1873 , 1884 , or 1929 would return .
BERKELEY -- Former US Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers had a good line at the International Monetary Fund meetings this year : governments , he said , are trying to treat a broken ankle when the patient is facing organ failure .
Investors funding the capital inflow and the country receiving the money always think up reasons why this time the inflow is sustainable , because it reflects some supposed permanent transformation of fundamentals .
The currency crises in Mexico , East Asia , and Argentina primarily impoverished workers who lost their jobs , those whose hard-currency debts suddenly ballooned , and rich-country investors who found themselves renegotiating terms with insolvent borrowers .
At the moment , administration insiders are trying to convince elite journalists that Bush did not deceive outsiders about Saddam Hussein 's nuclear weapons program .
What could it possibly mean other than `` try to keep China and India desperately poor for as long as possible '' ?
So is it really in the interest of the US to try to `` prevent other great powers from rising ? ''
Should n't America 's leaders be trying to shorten the period that other societies are vulnerable to the evils that made the twentieth century the bloodiest in the history of mankind ?
After all , most rich countries have entered a post-industrial age , while developing countries now have -- or soon will -- as great a share of their population working in `` industry '' as the world 's rich nations .
Solid demand growth in the US will provide increased demand for developing-country exports -- albeit not at the prices that prevailed when the dollar was stronger .
Instead of capital flowing from rich to poor , just the opposite happened : it flowed from poor to rich , the overwhelmingly largest stream going to the US , whose rate of capital inflow is now the largest of any country , anywhere , anytime .
A little more than a century and a half ago the United States appeared willing to go to war with the world 's only superpower of the time to try to turn Vancouver , British Columbia , into a city ruled from Washington , D.C. rather than from Ottawa or London .
But where is the country or region without serious economic worries and deep structural problems ?
The Republicans magnified their economic quackery by frantically trying to minimize public perceptions of the long-run fiscal problems of America 's social-insurance system , largely to deflect attention from the fact that Bush threw away the budget surpluses President Clinton had bequeathed him - and with them what may have been the country 's last best chance to fix things in this regard short of some form of disaster .
Indeed , the tendency towards superficiality in coverage of economic issues may have led campaign managers to believe that the press will so distort their message that they dare not even try to set out what they regard as the true rationales for their economic policies .
The political struggles that this generates will determine whether America will move more closely to the social democratic norm for developed countries , or find some way to accept and rationalize its existence as a country of high economic risk and deep divisions of income and wealth .
So a country where labor productivity is low will become an attractive location for foreign direct investment , and the resulting increase in the capital-labor ratio will raise productivity .
These two factors -- low mortgage rates , and the fact that the country has filled up so much that our cars no longer marginalize location costs -- go a long way toward explaining the surge in housing prices over the past decade or so .
When the first group discovers that housing prices do n't always go up , they will try to dump their properties .
And when the second group discovers that interest rates do n't always stay low , many of them will be unable to meet their higher mortgage payments and will likewise try to dump their properties .
· Freer capital flows will give poor countries precisely this access , as the greed of investors in rich country leads them to venture into poor regions where capital is scarce .
Rather than leading rich-country savers to invest their money in poor countries out of greed , liberalization of capital flows has led poor-country savers to park their money in rich countries out of fear -- fear of political instability , macreconomic disturbances , and deficient institutions -LRB- especially those that protect the rights of bondholders and minority shareholders -RRB- .
For example , in early February 2004 , the then Chairman of the President 's Council of Economic Advisers , N. Gregory Mankiw , spent some time trying to explain the issues surrounding `` outsourcing '' to America 's elite political news reporters .
A greater effort to raise the average level of education in America would have made the country richer and produced a more even distribution of income and wealth by making educated workers more abundant and less-skilled workers harder to find -- and thus worth more on the market .
Within each country , the increase in inequality that we have seen in the past generation is predominantly a result of failures of social investment and changes in regulations and expectations , and has not been accompanied by any acceleration in the overall rate of economic growth .
The most important item that parents in any society try to buy is a head start for their children .
The more central banks talk , and the clearer they try to make their language , the more it seems that markets may be reacting excessively and inappropriately to statements that are not really news at all .
One would think that a country like the US , with a current account deficit of roughly $ 800 billion a year , would realize that such a yawning external gap is inevitably financed only by selling off assets , which means that foreigners with money acquire ownership and control of US-based businesses .
The key to their development strategy is to put migrants from the countryside to work making exports destined for the US market .
China was growing , but median living standards were not clearly in excess of those of China 's so-called `` golden years '' of the early 1950 's , after land redistribution and before forced collectivization turned the peasantry into serfs .
One year , they might seek to control inflation , but the previous year they sought to reduce unemployment , and next year they might try to lower the government 's debt refinancing costs , and the year after that they might worry about keeping the exchange rate at whatever value their political masters prefer .
Thus , central bankers were stuck trying to control a world economy shocked by random changes in the animal spirits of investors and traders .
He testified that it is important to run surpluses to pay down the debt , but that surpluses must not be so large that the government winds up owning American industry .
But Greenspan would have served the country and the world better if he had been somewhat more paternalist in slowing the growth of non-standard adjustable-rate mortgages .
He would have served the country and the world better had he been less of a loyal Republican working the inside game of trying to convince Bush 's political advisors that good policy was important , and more of a nonpartisan steward of America 's long-term fiscal stability .
All in all , Greenspan served the United States and the world well through his stewardship of monetary policy , especially by what he did not do : trying to stop stock and housing speculation by halting the economy in its tracks .
In the first scenario , China continues to attempt to maintain full employment in Shanghai , Guangzhou , and elsewhere not by stimulating domestic demand but by trying to boost exports further by keeping the renminbi stable against the dollar and falling in value against the euro .
No other country is capable of picking up the slack if America 's economy remains soft .
Wolf recently excoriated the world 's big banks as an industry with an extraordinary `` talent for privatising gains and socialising losses ... -LRB- and -RRB- get -LRB- ting -RRB- ... self-righteously angry when public officials ... fail to come at once to their rescue when they get into -LRB- well-deserved -RRB- trouble ... -LRB- T -RRB- he conflicts of interest created by large financial institutions are far harder to manage than in any other industry . ''
But their failings do pose a dilemma for Democratic deficit-hawk economists trying to determine what good economic policies would be should Barack Obama become president .
The Fed 's first priority is to try to keep the American economy from dropping too far below full employment , and to try and avoid a US meltdown contaminating other economies .
The Road to Depression BERKELEY -- For 15 months , the United States Federal Reserve , assisted by the financial regulators of the US Treasury , have been trying to make the macroeconomic consequences of the American mortgage-backed securities financial crisis as small as possible -- trying , above all , to avoid a deep depression .
So let me try my hand at defining non-depression economics :
One principle does remain true : central banks should try to keep the economy at near full employment by pushing asset prices up when unemployment threatens to rise .
But central banks today are influencing asset prices through a very large number of channels and procedures other than conventional open-market operations : they are trying to affect not just duration discounts but risk , default , and information-driven discounts as well .
I can understand -LRB- though I disagree with -RRB- opponents of the stimulus plan who believe that the situation is not that dire ; that the government spending will be slow and wasteful -LRB- whereas properly targeted tax cuts would provide a more effective stimulus -RRB- ; and thus that it would have been better to defeat Obama 's stimulus bill and try again in a couple of months .
If businesses ' enthusiasm for spending on high-tech gadgetry and new homeowners ' enthusiasm for spending on three-bedroom houses can boost employment and production , then what argument can Harvey , Fama , Barro , Steil , and company make that government spending will not ?
And the sudden appearance of between five and ten different government-sponsored funds that make public bids for assets will convey information to the markets about what models other people are using to try to value assets in this environment .
Developing-country politicians and populations complain bitterly that the rich industrial countries are growing too much food .
Not every developing country can grow rich by making and exporting computer chips , or plastic toys , or bananas .
First , it allows for many savers to pool their wealth to finance large enterprises that can achieve the efficiencies of scale possible from capital-intensive modern industry .
· the Fed and the Treasury decided to let Lehman Brothers go into uncontrolled bankruptcy in order to try to teach financiers that having an ill-capitalized counterparty was not without risk , and that people should not expect the government to come to their rescue automatically .
There is , however , a lively debate about whether there was a fourth big mistake : Alan Greenspan 's decision in 2001-2004 to push and keep nominal interest rates on US Treasury securities very low in order to try to keep the economy near full employment .
Whenever in the future the US finds itself in a situation like 2003 , should it try to keep the economy near full employment even at some risk of a developing bubble ?
The second path is not to worry about production of goods and services , but rather to try to boost employment directly through direct government hiring .
This is not to say that the Obama administration did not try to boost employment .
But we are not interested in what the multiplier is when the unemployment rate is 3 % and the government is trying to diminish consumption and boost private savings via rationing and patriotism-based bond drives .
Let 's suspend our disbelief , then , and try to imagine what Europe could and should be doing to tackle some of the most far-reaching and obstinate policy challenges that will determine whether the next 50 years are as constructive as the last .
The boom began in the countryside in the late 1970 's and 1980 's , and was followed by today 's urban , industrial-led growth .
A leading fashion industry executive argues that a key engine driving the economic boom has been the influx of women into the workforce , particularly in the manufacturing zones of the south .
The protest energy that briefly electrified Tiananmen Square dissipated out of the cities and spread across the countryside .
By 2005 , there were more than 80,000 mass disturbances reported across the country -- but mostly not in the booming coastal cities , and certainly not at the elite national universities .
Although North Korea has doggedly stood behind its outmoded model of state control and central planning , Kim 's visits to the boom cities of Dalian and Tianjin reflect his tentative but ongoing interest in alternative ways to achieve `` strength and prosperity '' for his country .
It should help North Cyprus to meet the economic criteria for EU membership and synchronize entry into the EU of both Turkey and the Cypriot Confederation -- ie , all of Cyprus .
This may delay entry into the EU but that is preferable to inciting chaos on the island and across the eastern Mediterranean .
Education is a field where short-term results are difficult to achieve and the sheer size of even the smallest individual country 's education system makes effective external support daunting .
Regardless of how much money is spent , it never can fund comprehensive reform of any country 's education and training system .
In his now famous thesis on the `` Clash of Civilizations '' he gave Turkey as an example of a '' torn country , '' one divided internally , according to him , between East and West , a country neither in Europe nor in the Middle East , with a fault line running within rather than at the border .
Each country may hope that others will stimulate their demand while it preserves its fiscal headroom , thereby relying on exports as the engine of recovery . Each country may also be tempted by protectionist measures , trying to preserve domestic jobs at the expense of imports .
The automobile industry is a good example .
Measures to keep the industry afloat in one country look like unfair competition to others .
But the answer is not to let a collapse in the world 's car industry fuel a deeper recession .
Sonia Gandhi , the leader of the ruling Congress Party , who pushed hard to promote Patil 's candidacy primarily on gender grounds , calls this election `` a special moment for women across the country . ''
In a country full of contradictory attitudes toward women -- ranging from the worship of the powerful goddess Durga to the killing of innocent young brides -- such gestures can be very powerful .
It is time that the world community not only registers its outrage against such destruction of cultural treasures , but also joins those Pakistanis who are desperately trying to pressure their government to preserve -- for their sake and ours -- their pre-Islamic cultural heritage .
A 2006 Pew poll found that support for the US in Indonesia , the world 's most populous Muslim country , has plunged to around 30 % . How will you engage Muslims in Asia , and how will you garner support at home for stronger ties with Muslims around the world ?
Meanwhile , US colleges and universities are struggling to attract the best and brightest minds from abroad , because those students -- and their professors -- are increasingly being denied US visas or subjected to harrowing entry delays when they arrive .
In the past few months , every time I visited an Asian country -- whether South Korea or India , China or Japan -- I was asked repeatedly about candidate Obama 's positions on three issues : trade , foreign policy , and the new geo-economic order .
Responsibly Destroying the World 's Peasantry
It is regrettable that , instead of rising to the challenge of developing agriculture in a way that is more socially and environmentally sustainable , we act as if accelerating the destruction of the global peasantry could be accomplished responsibly .
Representatives may demand interpretation into their home language , but a proposal to limit each country 's translation budget is likely to be accepted soon .
Taming the Tigers BRUSSELS -- Three years ago , Sri Lanka elected Mahinda Rajapaksa as president because he pledged to take the offensive against the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam , the guerillas who have been fighting for 25 years to carve out an independent homeland for the country 's Tamil minority .
President Rajapaksa 's predecessors spent years engaged in fruitless talks and ceasefires , during which the guerrillas remained committed to their aim of dividing the country , and making demands for political and socio-economic changes that no democracy could accept , even as they carried on killing and kidnapping .
But such an opening is essential if the country 's Tamils are to have real hopes for their future within the country .
Sri Lanka 's Buddhist traditions and historic links with Burma , Thailand , Cambodia and Laos makes it easy for it to be a future member of ASEAN , which Sri Lanka should try to join as a means of anchoring its economy in the wider region .
With over 1,000 US deaths in Iraq , and the huge pressures that the occupation of that benighted country has put on American troops around the world , it is clear that - for the first time in decades - foreign policy issues may determine the outcome of a US presidential election .
The fact is that citizens in every EU member country are increasingly aware that national policies are determined by decision making at the European level , over which they have little influence .
The theoretical problem is simple : a country 's trade balance depends on a lot more than the value of its currency in the foreign exchange markets .
For the 30 years since the beginning of China 's economic reforms , Chinese industry has achieved impressive efficiency gains by adopting new technologies and realizing economies of scale , leading to a huge expansion in locally made products suitable for export .
China 's Excess-Capacity Nightmare SHANGHAI -- Back in 1958 , the year of China 's ill-fated `` Great Leap Forward , '' Chairman Mao had big plans for the steel industry .
While production had been just over five million tons in 1957 , he expected the country to catch up with or even surpass the United States by 1962 , producing 80-100 million tons per year , and to reach 700 million tons per year by the mid-1970 's , making China the undisputed world leader .
The country topped the US in auto production in 2009 , and remains second only to South Korea in shipbuilding , with 36 % of global capacity .
Excess capacity has been a priority for the State Council since 2005 , when it issued industry-by-industry restrictions on new projects and targets for shutting down inefficient production .
A similar situation exists in the steel industry , where the central government has made repeated unsuccessful attempts to close small furnaces .
SINGAPORE -- It has been a challenging decade for the pharmaceutical industry .
The pharmaceutical industry has been eyeing this trend for a while .
The challenges surrounding access to medicines remain critical , and , indeed , relevant to the industry 's business model .
Advocates of improved access to medicines have posed three demands of the pharmaceutical industry :
Finally , developing-country governments are beginning to prioritize health care and are seeking cost-efficient outcomes , as well as the means to effectively manage disease burdens .
In middle-income countries , prices would more closely reflect a country 's ability to pay -LRB- for example , GSK cut the price of its cervical cancer vaccine , Cervarix , by 60 % in the Philippines and gained a 14-fold increase in volume sales -RRB- .
More needs to be done on the issue of IP rights -- the sacred cow of the pharmaceutical industry .
Developing-country governments continue to go head-to-head with Big Pharma in battles over compulsory licensing and patent legislation .
Formulating policies that enable generic competition with the branded pharmaceutical industry will require creative measures that emphasise the imperative of maximizing public health .
Burma 's Agony As the death toll mounts from the cyclone that struck a densely populated area of Burma stretching from the Irrawaddy Delta to the capital city of Rangoon continues to soar , the country 's military dictatorship is pressing ahead with efforts to consolidate its power .
Burma 's rulers have said that the vote will be delayed in the areas hardest hit by the cyclone until May 24 , but the referendum will still go ahead as planned in other parts of the country .
The entry of United Nations humanitarian personnel , has been delayed due to the government 's refusal to allow aid workers into the country without first applying for visas .
Moreover , the military leaders are dragging their feet on easing restrictions on the import of humanitarian supplies and allowing a UN assessment team into the country .
In his March 2008 briefing to the UN Security Council , Gambari reported that his most recent visit to the country was `` frustrating '' and acknowledged that no tangible progress was made .
He should begin by demanding that Burma 's government fulfill its responsibility to protect the country 's citizens and condemn the use of violence and repressive tactics .
All five failed . As US President-elect Barack Obama and his advisers assess their foreign-policy priorities , they will encounter the immediate challenge of addressing Iran 's nuclear program and the country 's growing strategic importance in the Middle East and South Asia .
But this assumes that all of them are constructed according to schedule , and the nuclear industry has rarely met its promised construction deadlines .
But it remains to be seen if the uranium mining in this country can indeed increase further to 18,000 tons in 2010 and to 30,000 tons by 2018 .
The BBC 's Nepalese service , which used to be relayed through a network of 12 FM stations all over the country , has been stopped .
Serbs consider him incompetent and responsible for their defeats of the 1990s , not least for making Serbia the country with largest refugee population in Europe - around 700,000 .
President Kostunica also accepts the need to cooperate with the Hague but is more concerned to protect the country 's sovereignty and preserve a semblance of national dignity .
Djindjic 's murder will make the fight against crime the country 's main political goal .
I contend that their concern for world opinion-if that concern played the role I am suggesting it did-was for their country , not for themselves .
Alarmed by this dramatic volte-face , the majority Justices in the Guantanamo Bay case may be trying to send assurances to the rest of the world that President Bush does not speak for all Americans , not even the ones who put him in office in the first place .
Turkey has imported an economics minister from the World Bank - Kemal Dervis , an able man , though not someone very familiar with the speculative financiers preying on the country .
Turkey is on a path to a dramatic financial crash that risks throwing the country out of its precarious political situation and into the unknown .
Part of this negative assessment is inevitable : by the time a country comes to the IMF it is on its way to the economic emergency room . Radical surgery usually follows .
IMF policies are criticized more than the awful policies that incited a country to collapse in the first place .
All these are important , all these are remotely affected by IMF policies , none of them can get around the central truth that a country which has hit the ropes needs to practice austerity .
One reason that wo n't happen because Germany is too busy trying to keep out Polish , Czech and Hungarian workers to press for such reforms . So German taxpayers will keep paying for subsidies that do n't benefit Germans .
Herbert Hoover , America 's president of seventy years ago , became famous for trying to do what Prime Minister Koizumi now wants to do .
Empirical models that try to quantify the impact of exchange rate changes suggest that without an aggressive monetary policy response , a 40 % euro appreciation would knock 2.5 % off European growth .
Saudi Arabia is unstable , so it will keep trying to straddle both sides .
After all , blaming the US is predominantly a way of shifting light from Europe 's failed leadership to another country 's struggles for a safer world -LRB- including the continued existence of Israel -RRB- and a stronger world economy .
Venezuela now pines for the fat OPEC years of the 1970s -- which it missed , because it neglected to develop its oil industry .
To be sure , China remains a poor country .
At the same time , it is apparent that Mexico must redefine the bilateral relationship according to the country 's specific needs and interests on a case-by-case basis .
Mexico should use its current position in the Security Council to send a message : the country has matured and its foreign policy has matured with it .
There are too many entry barriers to the poor , the innovative , and those without access to credit .
Why Mexico is Sick Mexico City -- As I reflect on my troubled country , the lyrics of a Bruce Springsteen song come to mind : `` We are far , far away from home .
The country seems to be caught in a permanent , uneasy tug-of-war between the past and the future , between change and the actors who seek to place obstacles in its path .
Lack of accountability has both encouraged corruption and fed perceptions that abuse remains unpunished . Impunity , in turn , erodes the credibility of the country 's institutions , including public hospitals and clinics .
Public-opinion polls reveal that more than 50 % of the population believe that political parties are `` not necessary '' for the good of the country .
In the midst of the epidemic , 66 % of Mexicans believe that the country is regressing .
Saddled with an economic contraction of 8 % of GDP , higher than any other Latin American country , Mexico is also slipping in the global competitiveness index , lags behind in key social indicators , is being downgraded by investment ratings agencies , and faces the prospect of declining oil revenues , owing to a dramatic drop in production .
So a country that has managed to produce Carlos Slim , reckoned to be the second wealthiest man in the world , produces millions of others who scrape by on two dollars a day .
But now that oil production at Pemex , the state owned oil monopoly , is plummeting , the country faces some hard truths that the oil bonanza obscured .
The fault does not lie exclusively in President Felipe Calderón 's timid counter-cyclical measures , or in the country 's social policy , or in the drop of manufacturing exports , or in the US financial crisis .
The world will have to get used to the fact that Russia is no longer a feeble country .
One of the most important and overdue developments in this area is the entry into force of the CTBT , which will outlaw all nuclear explosions , regardless of their size , location , or declared purpose .
Too European to Fail BERLIN -- Among investment bankers , there is renewed speculation about the possibility of a country leaving European Monetary Union -- or being pushed out .
With fears mounting that one or another euro-zone country may default , yield spreads on government bonds between EMU countries have reached record highs .
As a default would demand a change in the currency involved in private contracts , business partners from other EU countries would surely sue , legal uncertainties would drag on and on , and an exiting country 's trade with its main trading partners would be impaired for years to come .
Indeed , even something like a self-fulfilling debt crisis is thinkable : if market participants believe that a default or an exit from EMU is imminent , this would drive up government bond yields for the country in question .
In this situation , a country would be faced with the sole option of default .
A country with sound public finances can thus become a fiscal basket case practically overnight .
Given the increasingly close financial and economic linkages between euro-zone members , rising government debt in even one EMU country can have serious consequences for all members , because no member state will allow another to default .
The mathematics of debt dynamics suggest that no euro-zone country should have a current-account imbalance , whether a deficit or a surplus , of more than 3 % of GDP .
If a `` surplus country '' such as Germany wanted to lower non-wage labor costs and increase value-added tax in order to boost its competitiveness , it would simultaneously have to adopt an expansive fiscal policy to compensate for the negative effects on its partners ' foreign trade .
China 's President Hu Jintao has just returned home from his first trip to Latin America , where he sought new long-term sources of supplies for his country 's booming economy .
The nature of that trading relationship differs substantially from country to country .
When I made those same points in a wrap-up to the Civil Society Summit as a whole , I was interrupted by none other than US president Barack Obama , who was in Moscow for his summit with President Dmitry Medvedev but also took the time to listen our gathering of civil-society organizations .
Imagine getting a copy of Tolstoi 's War and Peace in Russian and -LRB- assuming you ca n't read Russian -RRB- trying to figure out the story .
But it has little coercive power , because anyone is free to try an alternative .
Every country needs a CIO who can inspire its people with the power of information .
Their tools can be used by anyone , in any country -- as long as they can get the data . With luck , the tools will foster demand for the data .
The project is deconstructing the car industry -- probably in a more effective way than American government officials are doing in Detroit .
The slogan meant that his government intended to free up -LRB- by military means -RRB- the country 's main road networks , even when these passed through FARC territory .
However , unlike President Alan Garcia of Peru , who Chávez may be trying to bully , Chávez has been forced to recognize Uribe 's enormous popularity .
Uribe 's second term brings the hope that two million of the country 's dispossessed and internally displaced can become proud stakeholders in Colombia 's now much brighter future .
To try and ease the harm that all this assistance was doing to EU competitiveness , the European Commission 's Directorate General for Competition warned that it had little option but to block state aids -- but then quickly capitulated to vociferous national protests .
The Davignon `` manifest crisis '' cartels , which once helped manage the European steel industry 's decline , urgently need to be revived .
So far , the Bush administration is playing tough and trying to force South American countries to submit by discussing trade agreements with Chile and Central America .
A doctor may choose a secular path , or try to integrate a traditional faith with a modern profession .
Today 's fundamentalism is a modern way of being religious , more suitable to a literate , urban population than a peasantry guided by traditional religious scholars .
In the same tests , Mexico was in 37th place , while Uruguay , the highest-ranked Latin American country , came in 35th .
Sadly , results are not much better in reading ability ; again , the Latin American nations were at the bottom of the 40-country sample .
Moreover , a growing number of Latin American countries are veering left , and Hugo Chávez , the belligerent and anti-American Venezuelan president , is becoming increasingly popular in every Latin American country .
There was mention of a miracle , and many argued that Brazil would grow spectacularly like China and India , and no longer be the eternal country of `` the future . ''
What Lula did was simply to decide that Brazil would be a `` normal '' country . But more than controlled inflation is needed to create a robust economy with a high and sustainable growth rate .
Brazil is still an enormously bureaucratic country , with an educational system in crisis , very high taxes , mediocre infrastructure , impediments to the creation of businesses , and a high level of corruption .
With the United States , Europe , and Japan still suffering post-crisis hangovers , this issue can be safely left to the country that chairs the G-20 in 2011 .
Thus , the initiative here might best come from another G-20 country -- maybe Brazil , South Africa , or even Russia .
That the country was unprepared should have been clear .
Currently , other member states can provide assistance to Greece only by bending the rules , which prevent them from lending except in response to natural disasters or circumstances beyond a country 's control .
People would understand that he was acting in the interest of the state as well as the country .
Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne insists that his country 's fiscal trajectory is dangerously unsustainable , and he has proposed draconian cuts .
It as if they are trying to terrorize the private sector , so that when the fiscal ax actually falls , consumers and investors will be sufficiently relieved that disaster has been averted that they will increase spending .
The IMF 's crisis-prevention efforts begin with its country surveillance , as provided for by Article IV of its Articles of Agreement .
Article IV reviews of China have similarly said little about the implications of the country 's policies for global imbalances .
To close these gaps , the IMF is now experimenting with `` spillover reports '' that focus on cross-country impacts .
One problem with the FCL is what might happen if the IMF disqualifies a previously prequalified country .
But it is not clear that this would be enough to remove the danger that an IMF decision , taken in response to deteriorating country policies , could precipitate a crisis .
No one country will be able to run current-account deficits and use foreign finance to indulge in financial excesses as freely as the United States did in recent years .
In the US , unemployment was still 14 % in 1937 , four full years into the recovery , and in 1940 , on the eve of the country 's entry into World War II .
The reason why countries hit harder in the 1930 's were not more inclined to respond by protecting industry from foreign competition is straightforward .
As a result , levels of import penetration actually fell , quite sharply , in virtually every country .
One popular explanation is a culture that denigrated industry and entrepreneurship .
In the words of David Brooks of The New York Times : `` After decades of affluence , the US has drifted away from the hardheaded practical mentality that built the nation 's wealth in the first place ... America 's brightest minds have been abandoning industry and technical enterprise in favor of more prestigious but less productive fields like law , finance , consulting , and nonprofit activism . ''
It is difficult , however , to see how this argument applies to the US , whose universities remain world leaders , attracting graduate students in science and engineering from around the world -- many of whom remain in the country .
British banks , having grown up in the early nineteenth century , when industry 's capital needs were modest , specialized in financing foreign trade rather than domestic investment , thereby starving industry of the capital needed to grow .
Sheltered from foreign competition , industry grew fat and lazy .
The country failed to develop a coherent policy response to the financial crisis of the 1930 's .
The country turned inward . Its politics grew fractious , its policies erratic , and its finances increasingly unstable .
Otherwise , one country 's restructuring will heighten expectations that others will follow , giving rise to contagion .
German leaders must acknowledge that their country 's banks are dangerously exposed to the debts of the eurozone periphery .
Indeed , the country is rife with reports of desperate university graduates unable to find productive employment .
Newspapers and blogs speak of the `` ant tribe '' of recent graduates living in cramped basements in the country 's big cities while futilely searching for work .
Moreover , there is the problem of less-skilled and less-educated migrants from the countryside , who are consigned to second-class jobs in the cities .
Recent migrants from the countryside and graduates with degrees from second-tier universities sorely lack such connections .
They called for a process to ensure that when the warning lights flashed yellow , the country in question would be compelled to correct its policies .
Yet neither country shows any inclination to abandon the euro .
A reduction in that burden of 40 % , whether in the form of reduced interest or principal , is needed to bring the debt-to-GDP ratio to below 100 % , a level at which the country has some hope of meeting its payment obligations .
Fourth , the new instruments could be tailored to give both banks and official lenders a stake in the country 's success .
Under the Brady Plan , a country 's payments were indexed to its export prices or terms of trade .
The Paris Club under Trichet provided Poland with a 50 % reduction of its debt , on the condition that the country 's bank creditors take a similar haircut .
Rather than piling more loans onto the country 's already unsustainable debt burden , the EU should offer a multi-year program of foreign aid .
It offered membership to a country with deep structural problems .
Second , the current strategy , which amounts to trying to extract blood from a stone , is not working .
There are limits to how quickly a country can reform .
US aid underwrote the imports of coal and investments in hydroelectric power needed to get industry running again .
The limp debt exchange agreed to in July can be thrown out and replaced by one that grants the country meaningful debt relief .
All that liquidity , they will argue , had to go somewhere . Its logical destination was the country with the deepest financial markets , the US , where it raised asset prices to unsustainable heights .
The only reason the US trade deficit is falling is that the country remains in a severe recession , causing US imports and exports to collapse in parallel .
This means that no single country can block action , in contrast to the IMF executive board , which makes decisions by consensus , giving large countries like the United States de facto veto power .
Disbursing more than 20 % of the credits available to a country still requires that it first reach an agreement with the IMF , and 20 % of a country 's entitlement is actually less than it contributes to the pool .
It could be given to the `` neutral '' Northeast Asian country , Korea .
This brings us to the IMF 's fourth role , namely using its bully pulpit to warn of risks created by large-country policies .
But if the IMF is to have a future , its management will have to issue stronger warnings about the next dangerously large US current-account deficit , the next unsustainable housing boom , or whatever large-country problem succeeds them .
Emerging Markets and Global Financial Reform BERKELEY -- It is fitting that the upcoming G-20 summit is being held in Pittsburg , an old industrial center of an advanced industrial country , for the advanced countries have been allowed to set the agenda for strengthening financial systems .
But this observation points to what is needed : a regime that defines the conditions to be met before a country 's banks are allowed in .
The home country must put a cap on leverage , limit acceptable liquidity and funding practices , and have a resolution regime for winding up complex financial institutions .
Otherwise , emerging markets should be able to say that banks from that country will not be allowed to enter .
The implication is that emerging markets , while encouraging foreign banks ' entry , should at the same time strictly regulate such banks ' local lending practices .
And , since strict regulation , if adopted unilaterally , might simply cause foreign banks to shun a country , emerging markets need to put up a united front .
South Korea , the Asian country with the largest share of foreign investment in its securities market , also experienced the sharpest price and exchange-rate declines as those investors , mainly hedge funds , were forced to deleverage and repatriate their funds .
But chances are that it will not really help , because it trying to reduce deficits in that manner will severely undermine economic performance .
The country 's entire establishment -- its government , major political parties -LRB- including the opposition -RRB- , trade unions and employers -- all supported a Yes vote .
It would be an irony of historic proportions if a country that has benefited more than most others from EU integration should block the entry of countries in even more desperate conditions than Ireland was 30 years ago .
One day , the country is on the brink of a double-dip recession ; the next , it is on the verge of a turbo-charged recovery , powered by resilient consumers and US multinationals starting to deploy , at long last , their massive cash reserves .
Moreover , US policymakers in the last few weeks have been more interested in pointing fingers at Europe and China than in recognizing and responding to the paradigm shifts that are at the root of the country 's economic problems and mounting social challenges .
Rather than committing to a comprehensive set of urgently-needed reinforcing measures , they seem obsessed with the futile search for the one `` killer app '' that will solve all of the country 's economic problems .
The issue is the scope and composition of unemployment in America -- a problem that is yet to be sufficiently recognized for its increasingly detrimental impact on the country 's social fabric , its economic potential , and its already-fragile fiscal position and debt dynamics .
The country now has an unemployment problem that is large in magnitude and increasingly structural in nature .
NEWPORT BEACH -- Imagine for a moment that you are the chief policymaker in a successful emerging-market country .
Would you draw comfort from your country 's impressive internal resilience and offset the deflationary winds blowing from the West ; or would you play it safe and increase your country 's precautionary reserves ?
European opponents of a MAP for Ukraine and Georgia argue that neither country is ready for NATO membership .
By doing so she demonstrates the strong position her country has obtained as a member of NATO and the EU , and she will be the one riding the high moral ground .
To my country -- Denmark -- WWII 's end meant a return to freedom and democracy , and we could use the rest of the 20th century to strengthen our freedom , bolstering it with affluence .
At the same time , the Commission 's latest report on Turkey 's progress toward accession notes that political reforms have slowed down , further calling into question the country 's future EU membership .
It was assumed that Cyprus should be united when the country joined the EU in 2004 .
As a result , there is now an obvious risk of a new internal split in the country .
They needed to know what had happened before they could try to get on with their lives .
NATO 's enlargement makes it crystal clear that no country in the new Europe can be regarded as part of another country 's `` zone . ''
Of course , German Chancellor Angela Merkel was right to point out that each country should be dealt with according to its situation . But she and her colleagues should have voiced clearer and more emphatic support for the new member states .
How can you possibly expect a country such as , say , France to accept being voted down by its EU partners on vital foreign and security policy issues ?
Russia is a rich country with a poor population , and redistribution schemes work well in such conditions .
Now some of them are in jail , in exile , or frightened out of the industry .
As the example of Saddam Hussein teaches us anew , to overturn a monument is easier than to try a dictator .
Were officials of the Ministry of Finance being deliberately subversive ?
From now on , presidential appointees will rule a country that is as complex and multi-national as the EU or the US .
In 2004 , General Viktor Cherkesov , then Putin 's representative in northwest Russia , published an essay that glorified the KGB as the only unspoiled authority in a corrupted country .
Putin 's lawyers will reverse that decision ; the party will have cells or committees in every factory , corporation , military unit , university department , etc. . Integrated by the leader 's charisma and party discipline , party members will direct and unify the desolated country .
No Country for Young Oligarchs
Prokhorov 's withdrawal preceded by just a few days the announcement by United Russia , the country 's ruling party , that Putin will seek a third presidential term in 2012 , swapping jobs with the incumbent , President Dmitri Medvedev , who will become Prime Minister .
To be sure , there are many subtle signs of panic at the top about the state of the country 's economy ; but there is no hint that United Russia has a new program to meet these challenges in Putin 's next administration , apart from more censorship of the Internet .
In fact , Prokhorov has much to offer his country .
And that is exactly where the US , Israel , and its closest friends -- including my own country , Australia -- will be if they resist the tide of international sentiment in favor of moving now to recognize Palestinian statehood .
Iran is an extraordinarily complex country .
But , just as we can not afford to underestimate the forces of extremism that persist there , we also fail at our peril to comprehend the currents of restraint and good sense that run within the country , including at high policymaking levels .
That poses a huge risk of hostage-taking or other reprisals against any intervening country 's nationals still in Libya .
A no-fly zone will be easier to contemplate as the last vulnerable expatriates leave the country , and planning for its application should be rapidly advanced .
Russia discovered that when it invoked the `` responsibility to protect '' doctrine to try to justify its 2008 invasion of Georgia .
By contrast , there was no such imminent risk in Iraq in 2003 , though there certainly had been a decade and more earlier for the country 's northern Kurds and southern Shiites .
This was always the showstopper in Darfur : any attempted invasion of Sudan would have been disastrous for the two million displaced people , and would have re-ignited the country 's even deadlier north-south conflict .
One of the hardest lessons for senior government officials to learn -- - including for me , when I was Australian Attorney General and Foreign Minister -- is the futility , in all but a tiny minority of cases , of trying to prosecute and punish those responsible for leaks .
Those of us who see the potential for far more harm than good in the WikiLeaks disclosures , and refuse to join in the cheers for Assange and his colleagues , are probably trying to resist an inexorable tide .
Taming Bigotry
Taming Bigotry MELBOURNE -- At a time when the horrific events in Norway remind us how much murderous bigotry there still is in the world , perhaps a story from the other side of it can restore a little optimism that some positive , historically significant , changes in attitude really are occurring .
And all of this was happening in a country that seemed , institutionally at least , to have put its racist past behind it .
The revelation of the abuse of players of Sudanese and Nigerian origin generated a surge of genuine , visible , and tangible public repugnance -- a very real sense that the perpetrators had shamed not only themselves , but also their country .
These factors have inspired some China watchers to regard the country 's economy as a bubble , if not to predict a hard landing in 2010 .
As such , they will not fuel a bubble by leading to immediate over-capacity in industry .
Getting more farmers into better-paid manufacturing and service-industry jobs will mean not only a reduction in poverty , but lower income disparity .
Only when a country invests less in fixed assets than the amount that it saves will the `` surplus savings '' show up in the trade balance .
Without relatively high savings , a developing country like China may never catch up .
If a developing country has high savings -LRB- despite efforts to increase current consumption -RRB- as a result of structural factors , the best strategy is not to reduce savings through short-run `` external shocks , '' such as dramatic exchange-rate appreciation , which may kill export industries overnight .
For example , China should use its current high savings to build up the country 's infrastructure and speed up urbanization , thereby laying a firmer foundation for future development .
Of course , a country must deal with a savings rate that is `` too high '' even if it is not necessarily the main cause of external imbalances .
Meanwhile , China 's so-called `` export-oriented growth policy '' itself may not be wrong for a developing country , because international trade in general creates more jobs and brings more income .
First of all , it explains why China 's coastal regions developed earlier and faster after the country launched its market reforms and opened to the world .
This is the labor that flows in the opposite direction , from west to east , promoting the only economic equality a country can ever achieve -- equality of per capita income , not of GDP .
But these have occurred in every country at China 's current stage of development , and China , too must go through it .
Otherwise , the country will remain divided forever .
BEIJING -- A major new target in the `` Five-Year Plan for Economic and Social Development '' that China just unveiled is to boost the growth rate for household -LRB- disposable -RRB- income so that it equals the growth rate of the country 's GDP .
The target set by the new five-year plan is thus also a policy manifesto to battle these social disparities , which are now a burning issue for the country .
Government subsidies may -LRB- temporarily -RRB- redress income disparity in a developed country where farmers account only for 2 % of the labor force , or in a country in which low-income groups count for only 10 % of the total population .
While the Fed is planning to pump more money into the US economy , the PBC is trying to reduce the amount of money in circulation in China .
A country with current-account and capital-account surpluses and increasing foreign-exchange reserves normally sees an excessive money supply and high inflation .
This goes a long way toward explaining why China 's urbanization has lagged : the system of land tenure -- which seems impossible to replicate in other developing countries -- ensures that the reservoir of labor for industrialization and urbanization remains located in country villages , rather than in city slums .
Given these circumstances , and that Chinese are highly mobile , the country 's urbanization is far from stable .
Attacking a communist country has always seemed to offer American politicians a convenient way to appeal to the average voter .
China does have some common interests in fighting Islamic extremist terrorism , and it did not try to block America 's path to the Iraqi war in the UN Security Council .
It took China 's government a protracted sixteen years to negotiate its re-entry into the GATT\/WTO , but it soon showed its mettle by assuming joint leadership -LRB- along with Brazil , India , and South Africa -RRB- of the G-20 , a group of primarily dynamic developing countries that threw down the gauntlet to the industrialized powers at the Cancún WTO ministerial meeting in September 2003 .
This mindset is also pervasive in Western governments , industry , business schools , and the media .
The tsunami that so devastated much of Asia has provided an opportunity for all key players -- in government , industry , academia , the media , and civil society -- to look at Asia anew , at both the challenges and the opportunities that have arisen from Asia 's resurgence .
OXFORD -- Throughout the history of the oil industry , fear and concern about the imminent exhaustion of oil reserves has been a recurring theme .
Rather than focusing on the major short - and long-term challenges facing the oil industry , the debate about peak oil diverts attention to the wrong problems .
Surprisingly , no relationship was found between TB treatment outcomes and immigrant status in these studies , perhaps because all immigrants were combined , regardless of country of origin .
Today , much of the developed world 's agriculture is a large-scale enterprise : mechanized , computer-controlled , and based on sophisticated use of chemistry and knowledge of plant and soil physiology .
If either country adhered to the thinking embodied in the Bush administration 's new nuclear policy , there would be little reason for each not to seek to integrate nuclear weapons even more deeply into their own contingency plans -- and possibly use them .
Even if every country has a cap-and-trade system and all aim at the same relative reduction in national CO2 emissions , the resulting permit prices will differ because of national differences in initial CO2 levels and in domestic production characteristics .
Because the price of the CO2 permits in a country is reflected in the prices of its products , the cap-and-trade system affects its international competitiveness .
Better roads , ports , and even schools all contribute to a country 's competitiveness .
Unlike virtually every other country , US residential mortgages are effectively `` no recourse '' loans .
Even in those states where creditors have the legal authority to take other assets or wage income , the personal bankruptcy laws are so restrictive that creditors do n't bother to try .
But promises by heads of government mean little , given that central banks are explicitly independent of government control in every important country .
As a sign of their support for the administration 's goals , the pharmaceutical industry and the hospital industry have together promised to reduce costs by a total of about $ 20 billion a year -- a token amount , given government health spending of roughly $ 1 trillion and total health outlays of more than $ 2 trillion .
Thatcher supported Britain 's entry into the European Union in order to benefit from free trade , but she forcefully opposed joining the single currency .
In the end , Greece , the eurozone 's other members , and Greece 's creditors will have to accept that the country is insolvent and can not service its existing debt .
The shift to a single currency meant that the individual member countries lost the ability to control monetary policy and interest rates in order to respond to national economic conditions . It also meant that each country 's exchange rate could no longer respond to the cumulative effects of differences in productivity and global demand trends .
In addition , the single currency weakens the market signals that would otherwise warn a country that its fiscal deficits were becoming excessive .
And when a country with excessive fiscal deficits needs to raise taxes and cut government spending , as Greece clearly does now , the resulting contraction of GDP and employment can not be reduced by a devaluation that increases exports and reduces imports .
The Congressional Budget Office projects that the country 's fiscal deficit will average 5 % of GDP for the rest of the decade , driving government debt to 90 % of GDP , from less than 60 % of GDP in 2009 .
Such a low national saving rate would not be sufficient to finance the level of new investment in plant , equipment , and housing that the country needs .
But foreign investors , who hold nearly half of the US government 's debt now -- and are likely to hold an even larger share in the future -- could still have reason to worry that the US might someday try to reduce the value of its debt in a way that adversely affects them but not Americans , or that affects all debt holders but relieves the foreign-debt burden on American taxpayers .
The country 's demographic structure is changing , with an increasing number of retirees relative to the workers who are in their prime saving years .
The combination of low household saving and substantial government dissaving would normally force a country to borrow from the rest of the world .
While experts try to work this out in terms of portfolio balances , a more fundamental starting point is the fact that a US trade deficit means that Americans receive more goods and services from the rest of the world than they send back -- $ 700 billion more last year .
China now has the world 's highest saving rate , probably close to 50 % of its GDP , which is important both at home and globally , because it drives the country 's current-account surplus .
A country that saves more than it invests in equipment and structures -LRB- as China does -RRB- has the extra output to send abroad as a current-account surplus , while a country that invests more than it saves -LRB- as the United States does -RRB- must fill the gap by importing more from the rest of the world than it exports .
And a country with a current-account surplus has the funds to lend and invest in the rest of the world , while a country with a current-account deficit must finance its external gap by borrowing from the rest of the world .
More precisely , a country 's current-account balance is exactly equal to the difference between its national saving and its investment .
More specifically , even if a default brings the country 's debt down to 60 % of GDP , Greece would still have to reduce its annual budget deficit from the current 10 % of GDP to about 3 % if it is to prevent the debt ratio from rising again .
Eliminating or reducing this trade gap without depressing economic activity and employment in Greece requires that the country export more and import less .
That , in turn , requires making Greek goods and services more competitive relative to those of the country 's trading partners .
A country with a flexible currency can achieve that by allowing the exchange rate to depreciate .
Ever since the Greek crisis began , the country has shown that it can not solve its problems as the IMF and the European Commission had hoped .
The Maastricht treaty explicitly prohibits a eurozone country from leaving the euro , but says nothing about a temporary leave of absence -LRB- and therefore does n't prohibit one -RRB- .
Why , then , are political leaders in France and Germany trying so hard to prevent -- or , more accurately , to postpone -- the inevitable ?
The eurozone 's politicians may learn the hard way that trying to fool markets is a dangerous strategy .
Although there are technical and legal reasons why such a split would be harder for an EMU country , there seems little doubt that a country could withdraw if it really wanted to .
The most obvious reason that a country might choose to withdraw is to escape from the one-size-fits-all monetary policy imposed by the single currency .
A country that finds its economy very depressed during the next few years , and fears that this will be chronic , might be tempted to leave the EMU in order to ease monetary conditions and devalue its currency .
Although that may or may not be economically sensible , a country in a severe economic downturn might very well take such a policy decision .
The Stability and Growth Pact , which limits euro-zone members ' fiscal deficits , is another reason why a country might want to leave the EMU .
In a serious downturn , a country may wish to pursue a traditional Keynesian policy through large-scale , deficit-financed fiscal stimulus .
Although the Stability and Growth Pact may be elastic enough to permit some deficit stimulus , a country may feel constrained from acting as aggressively as it wants .
If a country sees its banks failing because its national bank can not lend them enough , it may chose to leave the EMU so that its central bank can provide whatever amount of local currency it deems necessary .
A country that believes that monetary or fiscal policy is too tight may threaten to leave if policy is not changed .
That is clearly a substantial risk if the country is Germany or France . But even if it is one of the smaller countries , it might be a serious threat because it could be seen as the beginning of the end .
So either type of country could make the threat in the hope that it would be enough to cause their EMU colleagues to agree to their desired change in policy .
The threatening country would then have to choose whether to accepting a humiliating defeat and stay , or stand on `` principle '' and leave .
But there is also a risk that some politicians act solely out of self-interest , seizing on the economic downturn as an opportunity to get elected by promising to withdraw the country from the EMU , or by saying that they will threaten to do so if the other member countries do not agree to their proposed policy changes .
When the recession is over , the US and virtually every other country will have substantially higher debt-to-GDP ratios .
Its pace of expansion may not reach the double-digit rates of recent years , but China in 2010 will probably grow more rapidly than any country in Europe or in the western hemisphere .
`` Well , my dear and old country , here we are again facing a heavy test , '' he said .
Countercyclical spending and tax policy are widely acceptable to experts and taxpayers alike , but deficit spending on wars is known to be a paltry way to stimulate the economy .
The old-style right , with its fascist ancestry , lingers on . But , as the failure of the Front National in France shows , it can not break through from posturing to power .
The US now incarcerates more people than any other country , largely as a result of soaring drug convictions , with a disproportionate number of African-American and Hispanic prisoners .
Switzerland is a conservative country .
Roughly a year ago , Moldova , a country few know about , seemed to confirm this .
The parliament building is not yet rebuilt , but the government is trying hard to rebuild Moldova as a democratic country with legitimate aspirations to join the European Union .
But the country 's democratic forces halted the Communist Party 's attempt to bulldoze its way back into power .
The global economic crisis not only hit the country hard , but , because of irresponsible electioneering , the previous government did not even try to fight it .
Fourth , Poland has to ask itself what kind of role it wants to play within the EU . Poland is an important country within the Union .
Considering the country 's vast size , a two-party system seems to be the most appropriate .
Instead , after a US withdrawal , the country might fall apart , possibly leading to `` balkanization '' of the Middle East , with extremely dangerous consequences for the whole region .
Instead , it has helped Iran to gain a regional ascendancy that the country could never have achieved on its own .
Syria is the only Arab country allied with Iran , and , as Iraq 's direct neighbor , it is crucial for Iraq 's stabilization .
The West has established the economic model of the twenty-first century , with its hitherto unheard of standard of living , and almost all nations and regions are trying to equal it , no matter what the cost .
There would be nothing sensational about this if China were a country like Luxembourg or Singapore .
The black , red , and gold German tricolor adorns the entire country as never before , but almost nowhere are there nationalist undertones .
Before too long , Russia 's `` managed '' -LRB- read : authoritarian -RRB- modernization will also have to allow for the rule of law and a functioning separation of powers , or the country will remain dependent on oil and gas prices and mired in a brutal struggle for power , influence , and money .
· Iran 's hegemonic ambitions have been unleashed , and the country has been helped to a strategic position that it could never have reached on its own .
· The rise of Iran poses an existential threat to Saudi Arabia , because the country 's oil-rich northeast is populated by a Shi'a majority .
That Iran -- a country whose president never tires of calling for Israel 's annihilation and that threatens Israel 's northern and southern borders through its massive support of proxy wars waged by Hezbollah and Hamas -- might one day have missiles with nuclear warheads is Israel 's worst security nightmare .
· The outgoing commander of the Israeli air force declared that the air force was capable of any mission , no matter how difficult , to protect the country 's security .
Institutions , however , may be reformed if they no longer work , and this is exactly what the EU has been futilely trying to do for 20 years .
But the recent military muscle-flexing with rocket tests and the rejection of a compromise by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmedinejad and his foreign minister show that the country 's leadership is seriously divided over the strategic line that Iran should pursue .
There were also signals emanating from Iran that , having , having mastered uranium enrichment technology , the authorities could envisage continuing enrichment in a third country in a joint consortium with the West .
America 's neo-conservatives have wasted a large part of their country 's power and moral authority in an unnecessary war in Iraq , willfully weakening the only global Western power .
· a new political dynamism vis-à-vis Turkey to link this country , one crucial for European security , permanently to Europe ;
The US political system now reflects the country 's demographic changes , as non-white sections of the population grow the fastest .
The reaction of EU member states to this ongoing self-inflicted impasse is unambiguous : rather than trying to reenergize the process of further political and economic integration , they are primarily acting on their own to try to fill the vacuum that has emerged .
To integrate the country into a strategic partnership is therefore in the West 's interest .
In the former mother country of Marxism-Leninism , the leaders still do n't seem to understand dialectics .
While a distraught world is still trying to fathom the consequences of this global crash and to mitigate its impact , the call of the next black swan can already be heard : the global climate disaster .
But its economy is nonetheless stronger than ever after the challenges of reunification and the necessary reform of the country 's labor market and welfare systems .
A policy of opening the country would therefore quickly put the regime 's existence at risk .
BERLIN -- Iran is in the process of wasting the biggest historical opportunity the country has had since the revolution of 1979 , and perhaps even in the last hundred years .
It is Obama 's policy of reaching out to Iran that offers the country this unique opportunity -- if , and it 's a big `` if , '' the Iranian leadership takes it up .
Does the country seek increased openness or isolation ? Integration or destabilization ?
Frustrated by Ukraine 's immobilism and corruption , Europe has turned away from the country -- a stance that could turn out to be a significant strategic mistake .
So the future of this big country is of great importance to Europe ; in view of its own interests , therefore , Europe can not afford an emotionally frustrated reaction .
Germany 's new foreign minister has spoken of trying to recreate the old `` Weimar Triangle '' of France , Germany , and Poland .
The fiscal deficit must now be redressed resulted not just from internal financial imbalances , but also from a political system that for too long time has been in denial of reality , allowing the country to live beyond its means .
Above all , the successful modernization of a large Muslim country will make a decisive contribution to Europe 's security .
It is hard to believe that Netanyahu , of all Israeli prime ministers , would be the one to accept idly Iran 's entry into the nuclear club .
BERLIN -- Turkey 's `` no '' last month -LRB- a vote cast together with Brazil -RRB- to the new sanctions against Iran approved in the United Nations Security Council dramatically reveals the full extent of the country 's estrangement from the West .
Are we , as many commentators have argued , witnessing the consequences of the so-called `` neo-Ottoman '' foreign policy of Turkey 's Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- government , which is supposedly aimed at switching camps and returning to the country 's oriental Islamic roots ?
The permanent danger of overstretching the country 's internal political structures is unlikely to permit any imperial foreign-policy role .
The vital interests guiding Chinese policy are internal modernization , the ruling regime 's political stability and survival , and the country 's unity -LRB- which includes Taiwan -RRB- .
Militarily , China will focus primarily on its regional supremacy , because the country 's unity depends on it .
Otherwise , the rapid and fundamental transformation of the country from a largely agrarian to an ultra-modern industrialized society could not proceed without destabilizing the system .
Domestically , China will be the first country that , due to its sheer size and required GDP growth , is forced to pursue a `` green '' economy .
All that will be decided by the West 's globally dominant automobile industry is whether it will adapt and have a chance to survive or go the way of other old Western industries : to the developing world .
Without regard for the political consequences , Merkel is trying to escape the specifically German contradiction between national solutions and European constraints by advocating a rigorous fiscal-consolidation program , severe punishment for non-compliance -LRB- including loss of EU voting rights -RRB- , and a trigger mechanism for member states that lag in meeting their obligations .
In simple language : forget about any punishment or automatic trigger mechanisms that might affect a country 's sovereignty .
Germany , in particular -- Europe 's largest country , and its strongest in economic terms -- seems to have fallen victim to historical amnesia .
The idea that Germany 's own national interest dictates avoiding anything that isolates the country within Europe , and that the task is therefore to create a `` European Germany '' rather than a `` German Europe , '' seems to have been abandoned .
Given this , and both sides ' intransigence , many would withdraw and try to forget the conflict altogether .
Moreover , the country 's strategic situation is deteriorating with each passing year , because the global redistribution of power and influence from the West to the East can only weaken Israel 's position .
The country would then have clear , internationally recognized borders , enabling it to end permanently the conflict with its Arab neighbors .
And now the crisis has reached the southern shore of the Mediterranean , in the form of a revolution in Tunisia and a political showdown in Lebanon that has once again brought the country to the verge of war and disaster .
Whether Tunisia becomes a democratic , economic , and social success story or , instead , sees its revolution end in chaos , civil war , and a new authoritarian regime will have consequences far beyond the country 's borders .
Virtually no country in the region will escape it , though when and where the next eruption will occur remains uncertain .
Israel , too , would be well advised to prepare for epochal change in the region and try to reach a peace settlement with the Palestinians and Syria as quickly as possible .
The country has lost its credibility with the United Nations and in the Middle East ; its claim to a permanent seat on the Security Council has just been trashed for good ; and one really must fear the worst for Europe .
Of course , the mission in Libya is risky ; it is unclear who the new local players will be and what the country 's future will look like .
To stop others from trying to become nuclear powers , which would have multiplied and spread the risk of nuclear confrontation , the Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- was framed in the 1960 's .
It was Japan , the high-tech country par excellence -LRB- not the latter-day Soviet Union -RRB- that proved unable to take adequate precautions to avert disaster in four reactor blocks .
The only question is whether the country 's debt restructuring will be orderly and controlled or chaotic and contagious .
But the bail-in of private investors , much applauded in Germany , is of secondary importance , and is intended only for the German public and the MPs of the country 's government coalition ; indeed , upon close inspection , it turns out that banks and insurance companies have made a decent profit .
But if they do not even try , their defeat -- and that of Europe -- is certain .
Of course , Turkey , in accordance with its political , security , and economic interests , has no choice but to pay close attention to its southern neighborhood , and must try to prevent chaotic developments there .
While Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdo?an 's government is trying to maintain good relations with Iran , its ambition to become the leading Sunni power means that Turkey must sooner or later contest Iran 's influence in Iraq , as well as in Syria and Palestine .
But Israel 's current passivity -- with all of its negative long-term consequences for the country -- is likely to continue as long as Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu considers his coalition 's survival more important than a decisive peace initiative .
Even the success of free elections in Iraq is threatening to divide rather than unite the country .
The decision to go to war against Iraq for a second time , and then to occupy the country in March 2003 , transformed this hegemony into direct US responsibility for the future of the Middle East .
The US will have to find agreement with its allies and enter into direct talks with all the other players to try and achieve a new regional consensus .
A new Middle East policy will thus have to concentrate primarily on four aspects : 1 -RRB- a comprehensive offer to Syria to detach the country from Iran and settle open conflicts ; 2 -RRB- an offer to Iran for direct talks about the perspective of a full normalization of relations ; 3 -RRB- a decisive and realistic initiative to resolve the Israeli-Arab conflict 4 -RRB- a regional security architecture that centers on stabilizing Iraq and Afghanistan .
Now it is time to analyze the mistakes we made when trying to get out of it .
The European Commission is weary of trying to build a single energy market , which has required it to persuade governments that they must dismantle their existing monopoly operators -- a prerequisite to competition .
Yet , despite this , Eurobarometer polls repeatedly show that the French are the most pessimistic of all Europeans when it comes to their country 's future .
According to the conventional wisdom , Britain 's social model is based on coexistence between different communities , with each continuing to observe its conventions and customs while respecting the country 's laws -- an informal federation of communities .
Nowadays , however , Britain 's government itself seems to be forgetting the bedrock conditions of this British model by trying to satisfy the desire of particular communities ' for public recognition by officially promoting things like state-subsidized denominational schools .
Genuine equality in the public sphere -- which differs according to the values and history of each country -- implies a minimal level of acceptance of a country 's history and values .
When capital markets smelled a problem among ERM members , they invariably shorted the most vulnerable currency and pushed that country 's authorities to devalue .
If the central bank of the country that printed its `` strong currency '' -LRB- Germany -RRB- had been willing to provide unlimited support to a `` weak currency , '' things would have been sorted out . Germany 's Bundesbank , it was suggested , would stand ready to buy `` unlimited quantities '' of lire or francs , so no one would dare to short either currency .
Let us try to apply these principles to international conflict .
The violent reactions last year to the caricatures of the Prophet Muhammad published in a Danish newspaper saw a confused Western response , with governments tripping over their tongues trying to explain what the media should and should not be allowed to do in the name of political satire .
The Israeli Foreign Ministry now seeks prosecution of Ahmedinejad for incitement to commit genocide -- a violation of international law .
In cases where bellicose leaders make public threats to `` bury '' another country -LRB- remember Khrushchev ? -RRB- or to wipe it off the map , the courts should wait , it was said , until some harm occurs .
To paraphrase a famous line from Tolstoy , those loyal to their country are faithful in the same way .
So , one requirement of treason , virtually everywhere , is that only citizens and permanent residents of a country can commit treason .
But as a matter of definition , if you have no duty of loyalty to a foreign country , then you can not commit treason against it .
They called their crime izmena rodine - betrayal of the motherland - and they married this high moral language to minor transgressions , such as leaving the country illegally .
But there is no way of making an objective assessment of fear , and even if it were possible , using cost\/benefit analysis to invade the territory of another country would wreak havoc with the global system of national sovereignty and international law .
The aggressor must do something that all can see as a dangerous threat by , for example , aiming a guided missile at a country and threatening to use it .
If they are not , President George W. Bush risks engaging in unlawful aggression against a foreign country .
It is a mistake to try to define terrorism in the same way that we define theft or murder .
But suppose we try to define the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , as terrorism by using the following formula : a violent , organized , and public attack by private parties on other civilians , without guilt , regardless of the justice of the cause .
The source of that shame is not any particular act , but simply being part of a nation that could behave so arrogantly as to disregard international law and the United Nations by invading a country that was not threatening America , and then sending untrained military police to keep prisoners in line by any means they happen to devise .
Even if the UN Security Council could establish an ad hoc tribunal to try the abuses of American officials in Iraq , this would still address only the guilt of individuals , not the problem of each American 's own responsibility for having participated , directly and indirectly , in a culture that generated the torture of prisoners .
Americans have few choices but to discover a form of modesty appropriate to the country 's reduced status in the eyes of the world .
No other country comes close to having either the capacity or the ambition .
Given that the United States has not been playing much of a leadership role on many of these issues recently , it is worth taking a look at what happens when no one country exercises effective leadership .
Private groups using everything from satellite imagery -LRB- as in forestry -RRB- to the unofficial equivalent of on-site inspections -LRB- as in human rights -RRB- monitor who is abiding by -- or violating -- what standard of behavior .
Iran has also believed that it could split France , and perhaps Germany , away from the United States -- as if either country would risk infuriating the Americans for the sake of a leader like Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
We can not know whether this course of action is realistic unless we try it .
It is in the hedge fund industry 's interest to encourage greater regulation and transparency , lest a rising tide of failed funds cause investor confidence to collapse , putting both good and bad wizards out of business .
Overall , what has happened over the past two years was a temporary retreat by SWFs from foreign , mostly developed-country , markets .
Singapore achieved rich-country status with a unique development strategy .
But a country does not have to be large to serve as a model for others .
South Korea in the G-20 Spotlight CAMBRIDGE -- South Korea has an historic opportunity when it chairs the G-20 meeting in Seoul on November 11-12 , for this will be the first time that a non-G-7 country has hosted the G-20 since the larger body supplanted the G-7 as the steering committee of the world economy .
Nevertheless , the United States , Japan , and Europe -LRB- represented perhaps by the EU Commission -RRB- , must be there on the rich-country side ; China , India , and Brazil must be there on the developing-country side .
The ninth country could be any of the rest .
South Korea is in a good position to lead as the first post-Kyoto country to accept emission targets .
A West African country with newly discovered oil reserves needs to finance exploration , drilling , and pipeline construction , which means that it needs to hedge at a time horizon of 10-20 years , not 90 days .
This asymmetry between the two central banks is best seen by comparing how their behavior when they intervened in the first half of the 1980s -LRB- Figure 1a -RRB- .
Despite the advent of the European Central Bank , this asymmetry continues : while the ECB repeatedly tried to break the dollar 's appreciation in 2000-2001 through consecutive interventions in the foreign exchange market , the Fed intervened only once .
The Consortium recently assessed 270 individuals from four populations with ancestry in Africa , Asia or Europe -LRB- known as the HapMap collection -RRB- to construct a new map of the human genome .
Libya 's newfound engagement with the US and the EU represents not only a major shift in its international policies and diplomatic posture , but also a major internal reorientation , because the country now wants to develop an economy that is not exclusively based on oil .
It wants , in particular , to ensure that the people and tribes in its Eastern `` Cyrenaica '' territories centered in Benghazi have a chance to develop equally with the rest of the country .
But , from the start , the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences , which awards the physics and chemistry prizes , and the Caroline Institute , which awards those for medicine\/physiology , have based their decisions on the recommendations of their respective committees .
Harboring a grudge , one chemist rallied the Academy to block the committee 's recommendation for the Russian Dmitry Mendeleyev , who created the periodic table .
Moreover , it has become clear that many important branches of science are not addressed by Alfred Nobel 's testament -LRB- limited to physics , chemistry , physiology\/medicine -RRB- .
It is worth pondering why a country with more military power than any other in human history , and that spends as much on its military as virtually the rest of the world combined , can not bring security to a small country of 24 million people after more than three years of occupation .
Any country in the same position as the US , even a democracy , would be tempted to exercise its hegemonic power with less and less restraint .
But the sheer increase in the number of university presidents drawn from business and industry implies that McDonald 's and MIT may , at least in principle , be judged according to the same operational and performance standards .
Anyone can change any entry or add a new entry , and the results will immediately appear for all to see -- and potentially contest .
Any change to an entry automatically generates a historical trace , so entries can be read as what medieval scholars call a `` palimpsest , '' a text that has been successively overwritten .
WARWICK , UK -- Nowadays , in country after country , policymakers have become obsessed with the need to strengthen science education .
This is largely because the natural sciences have most closely imitated the productivity measures associated with industry .
China 's people and government are especially dismayed by the Mekong killings , which seemed to demonstrate , once again , the government 's inability to protect its citizens from being murdered abroad , despite the country 's newfound global status . As a result , two compelling questions have arisen : Why do China 's neighbors choose to neglect its interests ?
For most Chinese , Libya is a far-away and out-of-reach country , owing to China 's limited capacity to project power .
But Myanmar and the other Mekong River countries are supposed to be the country 's `` good neighbors , '' and are completely within reach of Chinese power , so public anger over threats to the country 's interests in these places is intense .
I want Russia to be a boring country -- at least for the next few decades .
Unfortunately , Russia 's rulers are not accustomed to leaving the country and the rest of the world for long without something surprising to gawk at .
Instead , we Russians will find ourselves trying to avert an impending economic crisis .
But one thing is certain : we will know which path the country 's leaders have chosen sooner rather than later .
But in Burma today , this spiritual philosophy , rooted in compassion and non-violence , has assumed unexpected dimensions of defiance and recalcitrance , as monks challenge the hegemony of the military junta that rules our country .
Burma is a country rich in natural resources , but its people are poor .
We formed the Sangha Coalition when we saw that the country 's monks were united .
We thought that we could appeal to some , if not all , of the generals -- Buddhists themselves -- who control our country to join us in trying to right the many ills befalling Burma .
We want to tell the people who are violent towards their own countrymen to stop and think whether their actions are in accordance with the dharma , whether they are acting for the good of Burma 's people .
But we believe that the protests represent the beginning of the end of military rule in our country .
We know that the international community is trying to help us , but we need that help to be more effective .
The country 's so-called `` moderate relax '' monetary policy also played its part by allowing bank lending to expand by almost 34 % in 2009 , with M2 money supply growing by 27 % .
Of course , China 's economy has structural and institutional problems -- what developing country does not ?
In fact , when a country 's economic growth is continuously above 9 % , policymakers probably can not be too cautious .
I hope that when millions of overseas passengers pass through T3 , including those who do so during the Beijing Olympics , they will pause and reflect upon the distance China has traveled over the past three decades in its reform and opening to the outside world . Granted , China still has further to go , and many people may find fault with much in the country .
But they should not refuse to acknowledge that China 's mission to turn a nation of 1.3 billion poor people into a developed country through peace and free trade is one of the great , honorable , and most difficult sagas in human history .
But it would be best for all to pause a moment , contemplate T3 in Beijing , consider what it represents , and reflect on what an accomplishment the quick completion of such an iconic structure is for an emerging country like China .
Salmon are carnivorous , however , and to feed the voracious appetite of these legions of farm-raised fish , the aquaculture industry increasingly has turned its attention to a small crustacean commonly known as Antarctic krill .
As wild fish populations continue to decrease , in tandem with an ever-growing global appetite for seafood , the pressure on the aquaculture industry for fish feed will skyrocket .
Indeed , though supposedly grouping the world 's largest economies , the G8 now includes a country with an economy the size of Holland 's , even if it is still excluded from deliberations of the other members ' finance ministers .
On terrorism , Russia was the first country to host an official Hamas delegation after the Palestinian elections , and it continues to crush Chechen terror and resistance with methods that would bring it to an international court , were it not a Security Council member .
Putin 's Russia is not a place for democratic leaders to hold a summit , especially after the paltry results of the last one .
A Rosales presidency will end Venezuela 's isolation by a cabal of radicals and encourage domestic and foreign direct investment in the country .
It would aim to spread throughout the country the successful model developed in Zulia whereby students from poor backgrounds are admitted to local private universities as a result of schemes drawn up with the regional government .
The weapons of shame and international opprobrium should be mustered to make it impossible for any democratic nation to legitimize a coup in another democratic country .
Declarations by German Chancellor Angela Merkel , whose country assumed the European Union 's rotating six-month presidency at the beginning of the year 2007 , are unambiguous : the period of reflection , approved by the European Commission in 2005 , has ended .
By attacking Iraq , the US could win the armed confrontation with Hussein , but probably lose the broader - and more vital - political struggle for the future of the country .
Since the advent of army rule in 1958 , successive regimes have terrorized Iraqis into submission and bled the country white through their military misadventures .
Only Iraqis , with international assistance , can transform their country .
By most standards , the country is far better off than the rest of the region .
It was also the first country in the world to adopt a fully private pension system , a policy experiment carried out by one of Pinochet 's technocrats -LRB- who happened to be Piñera 's brother , José -RRB- and largely kept in place since then .
Instead of vindicating Pinochet and appealing to traditional Catholic values , Piñera offered a centrist vision of change that included more rights for homosexuals and an emphasis on social issues -LRB- in a country that , even after 25 years of strong growth , remains very unequal -RRB- .
As one young Arab told me when describing his homeland : `` The country never invests in the young , we have no place , we are not wanted .
The country 's religious laws and character -- central to the regime 's legitimacy -- undermine liberal forces , and many Saudis fear that the pressures surrounding religious and political reform will lead to an explosion .
In Jordan , reform will require rebalancing the country 's social fabric , with Palestinian Jordanians given greater freedom to contribute politically in meaningful ways .
No Arab country has yet produced such powerful social and cultural movements demanding change .
The relative size of the service sector in India , given the country 's state of development , is much bigger than it is in China .
While South Asia is far more developed than Sub-Saharan Africa , and India -LRB- the largest country in the region -RRB- has achieved lower middle-income status , South Asia has many more poor people than Sub-Saharan Africa .
But a country 's poverty rate also depends on the degree of income inequality -- a reduction in which makes growth more pro-poor -- and inequality in China has , in fact , increased more rapidly than in India .
Indeed , a country affected by a world recession or by falling export prices is much more vulnerable if its external debt is 40 % or 50 % of the value of its net exports than if it has little or no net foreign debt .
The groups for or against the euro changed over time and were different from country to country .
A multitude of sectors , from car dealing to dentistry , are shielded from competition .
This means assuring compassionate nursing home care , coordinated management of chronic diseases , and competent palliative care as death approaches , rather than using ever more technology to try to eke out a little more life .
But the sheer scale of the disaster relief `` industry '' -- plus the longer-term development efforts of NGOs -- is raising serious concerns about how to measure their performance .
In Chad recently , the French NGO L'Arche de Zoé tried to smuggle children out of the country without obtaining permission from either parents or the government .
Towns and villages are swamped by violence and banditry .
I am running in the election in order to guarantee everyone living in our country , which is the richest in the world , the constitutional right to a decent life and to develop freely .
But they are the backbone of our country .
Economic growth must encompass all regions of the country , and people must have equal social guarantees , rights , and opportunities regardless of their place of residence .
OXFORD -- In almost every rich country , anti-immigrant fervor is at fever pitch .
A year ago , the United Nations and the Royal Government of Cambodia agreed in principle to establish an `` Extraordinary Chambers '' composed of Cambodian and international prosecutors and judges to investigate and try the `` senior leaders of Democratic Kampuchea and those who were most responsible for crimes '' under Khmer Rouge rule .
This poses a particular challenge in a country where lawyers were among the targets of genocidal violence , where few sitting judges possess formal legal training , and which has little tradition of judicial independence .
Both generals and diplomats are finding it hard to move beyond Cold War thinking , and their retrograde posture is hindering President Putin 's efforts to push the country in a new direction .
To promote their position , Russia 's generals and diplomats adhere to the perception that the country remains besieged by enemies , the US and NATO most prominently .
They maintain that Russia needs a big standing army in order to defend the country in any potential war with the US .
Indeed , this year 's annual session of the Academy of Military Sciences saw army commanders and military theorists try to prove that a future source of conflict will be America 's desire to control the world 's oil-rich regions .
Meanwhile , Nikolai Patrushev , the director of the Federal Security Service -LRB- FSB , the former KGB -RRB- and Rashid Nurgaliev , the head of the Ministry of Internal Affairs -LRB- MVD -RRB- , both sent to Beslan by President Vladimir Putin , were invisible as the tragedy unfolded .
From the outset , the Defense Ministry was skeptical of Putin 's order to include anti-terrorism on the military agenda .
The Defense Ministry simply names sergeants from senior conscripts , which means that sergeants are not very different from their subordinates in either age or training .
Now the Kremlin wants to merge the FSB and MVD into one Ministry of State Security , thereby creating a single anti-terrorist center .
In February , the Kremlin gave Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiyev $ 500 million for a promise to close America 's base in his country .
Though exiled two years ago , Liberia 's former President Charles Taylor still looms large in the country 's first elections since the end of its brutal civil war .
Given the country 's considerable efforts to mediate and quell regional conflicts , providing a haven for shielding West Africa 's chief destabilizer runs counter to its national interest , and popular opposition to shielding him is growing in Nigeria .
Indeed , although Michelle Bachelet , like Allende , is a socialist and a physician , today 's Chile is not the country of 1970 .
This is not only because Pinochet 's 17 years in power , from 1973 to 1990 , dramatically shattered the country 's democracy , with thousands of people executed , missing , or tortured -- among them Bachelet 's own father , an air force general who died under torture because he opposed the coup .
Such a reformed right 's opposition to Bachelet will probably focus on her efforts to modify the country 's neo-liberal model as she tackles the country 's persistent knots of poverty and inequality .
This renews concerns that the country may not be able to avert a replay of the painful boom -- and-bust cycle such as the one it endured in the mid-1990 's .
Chemistry and biochemistry are similarly solid -- there are some things we do n't understand about the body , but it is believed that the basic machinery of how cells and molecules interact is known .
In each of these areas -- physics , biochemistry and social science -- the theories are mature and largely uncontroversial .
This richer notion stems from ancient Japanese culture , which perceived the overlap between geometry and meaning .
But the motivation for this art is common to every culture : imagine a talented host from any country whose manner is so easy that guests are wrapped in a mood of quiet happiness .
Initial warning signs of a pandemic are most likely to appear in the developing world , but detection nodes should be positioned in every country , with the least possible expense .
It is important to know how much deprivation in a country would swing public opinion .
Like scientists , they prefer to work with huge amounts of data , which is why the US government wants a record of every call and financial transaction made by every inhabitant of the country .
Once the Soviets realized this , they began to send bogus shipments around the country on random schedules , creating shortages for the baffled civilian population .
Oceans belong to everyone except those near landmasses , which are managed in a similar manner to the country 's land-bound borders .
MOSCOW -- When Russian President Dmitri Medvedev delivered his annual address to the Federal Assembly I was struck by the fact that his speech seemed to be meant for an advanced , prosperous country , not the real Russia of today .
But , as former United States National Security Advisor Brent Scowcroft noted , Russia still `` has enormous capacities to influence the US security strategy in any country . ''
A country with such influence over a military superpower can not be considered weak .
When the euro was down , wounded pride forced EU governments to try talking it up .
Now that the euro is up , those same governments are trying to talk it down .
Policies intended to benefit one country 's economy at the expense of another , such as competitive devaluations , were widespread during the Great Depression of the 1930 's .
The silver lining here is that this failure may revive the realization that no country -- not even mighty America -- can devalue its way out of trouble .
The correct answer to the latter question -- as the IMF suggests -- may be the Ministry of Finance : the only sure way for Russia to reduce inflation and sustain growth is to maintain a sound fiscal policy .
The more a country depends on exports to the US for growth , the more that economy will slip into recession when America does .
Similarly with finance , the more a country depends on external refinancing of maturing debt , the more adversely it will be affected .
A reduction of export will incite a deterioration in a country 's current account .
Jospin 's program failed to diminish these twin ills primarily because French society is divided between a large public sector and a dynamic private sector , much of which is increasingly being driven outside the country because of high taxation and endless bureaucracy .
There will only be grandeur when the French assume a status that justifies grandeur ... There must be more production , more productivity ; -LRB- we -RRB- must transform the country from a material point of view . ''
For example : the number of French farmers fell steadily over the last three decades , yet the number of Ministry of Agriculture bureaucrats doubled .
The shame of Le Pen 's newfound prominence may yet prove beneficial if it forces the mainstream political establishment to heed popular concerns and address the country 's problems .
Indeed , those revenues will scarcely cover the costs of rebuilding basic infrastructure , feeding and housing displaced populations , and paying for the country 's civil administration .
The prize is higher living standards for Russia 's long-suffering people and a recovery in the country 's international standing .
This is not surprising , given the country 's history and culture .
Could Russia emulate Japan 's post-war model , in which a single dominant party revives and modernizes the country ?
Switzerland , the country that recently voted to ban the construction of minarets on mosques ?
Unemployment is relatively low , despite hard times for its major industry -- watch-making -- and foreigners represent one-quarter of its 170,000 residents .
Among non-EU citizens , it allows them to re-settle in their parents ' or grandparents ' country if they so desire .
But where Neuchatel could serve as a model is in its hands-on attitude to helping foreigners fit in by making it easy for people to learn the local language , opening the voting booths to all , and encouraging foreigners to represent their country 's communities .
Moreover , the country 's continuing high levels of fixed-asset investment make sense -- building roads , water pipes , metro systems , telecommunication networks , and electronics factories is what a vast and rapidly modernizing country must do .
As investment growth slows and export markets endure their unpredictable business cycles and protectionist moods , China will increasingly rely upon consumption for creation of jobs and income -- and the service industry is where most consumption occurs .
Sino-Japanese amity was hardly enhanced in mid-November , when a Chinese nuclear sub encroached into Japanese waters . Nor did it help when Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao snubbed Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi 's invitation to visit his country .
As a result , Japanese increasingly fear China 's rise and possible future retribution for their country 's wartime aggressions .
Private investment remains limited and concentrated by both country and sector .
Although Brown 's IFF proposal is about jointly raising more funds from international capital markets , a key feature is that each country retains the right to disperse the extra funds to those countries committed to meeting its conditions .
Of course , if a developing country 's private sector is taking off , foreign aid might be considered unnecessary .
China 's commitment to increase the CO2 efficiency of its economy by about 3 % per year is of no help , because annual GDP growth rates of close to 10 % mean that the country 's emissions will soar during this decade .
It is thus not surprising that Europe could enact a cap-and-trade system that imposes a carbon price on a large part of its industry .
The key point is not that manufacturing jobs are somehow better , but rather that we must consider the asymmetry in the structural-adjustment process .
Instead , 12 eurozone countries are represented on the board of the International Monetary Fund via six different `` constituencies , '' or country groups .
Since no European country would agree to give up its seat on the IMF 's executive board , the only way out was to add more and more temporary seats for the dynamic and underrepresented emerging economies .
The troubled country could then rapidly obtain a large IMF loan , given that the eurozone countries ' quotas total about ¤ 60 billion -- and that IMF loans can easily reach multiples of the quota .
As long as exchange rates were fixed under the Bretton Woods system , the nature of that privilege was clear : the US was the only country that could freely determine its own monetary policy .
The German authorities feared that the country 's export-oriented economy would suffer from the wide exchange-rate swings that are the norm for global reserve currencies .
While China and the US battle it out , each trying to retain its own `` exorbitant privilege , '' Europe seems to be stuck in the middle , suffering from the same disadvantages of the US position , but enjoying none of its privileges .
But the way housing finance is organized differs enormously from country to country , and these differences explain the recent global imbalances and financial crashes .
The Chinese and others should , however , bear in mind that an increase in housing prices does not make a country richer .
But if the price of all housing goes up , the country as a whole is no better off ; after all , people have to live somewhere , so , other things being equal , cashing in on higher house prices would merely mean paying more for one 's next home .
But Germans still own indirectly the houses they live in through their investments with life-insurance companies and savings societies , which own and manage a large proportion of the country 's housing estates .
In extreme cases , as in Ireland -LRB- one hopes not in Spain -RRB- , the need to save the banking system can bankrupt an entire country .
So far , investors trying to exit first have been made whole .
BRUSSELS -- The first act of the eurozone debt drama was about whether any European Union member country could ever become insolvent .
Imagine a country that increases its imports of , say , cars and other consumer goods by 10 % of its starting GDP .
In the case of Greece and Portugal , for example , the tourism industry might absorb some unemployed retailers .
Given that Greece had a current-account deficit close to 10 % of GDP in 2010 , a drop in imported consumption goods of that magnitude seems to be needed before the country 's external debt can be stabilized .
It took Germany ten years -LRB- until about 2005 -RRB- of slow growth to reduce capacity in the construction sector and gain market share for its export industry .
Moreover , if Greece 's voters had rejected the deal that has just been proposed to them , the outcome might have foreclosed any further coordination on the country 's debt problems with the European Union .
So , only days after the eurozone 's heads of state and government congratulated themselves on their summit success , the concept of coordination was shown to be meaningless for the one country where coordination matters most .
Any country can leave the EU -- and , of course , the eurozone -- when the burden of its obligations becomes too onerous .
Until now , it had been assumed that the cost of exit would be so high that no country would consider it .
In Spain and Ireland , construction investment has increased to a level -LRB- 18-20 % of GDP -RRB- far above that of the US and not seen in any other OECD country except Japan before its bubble burst in 1989 .
But it is indispensable if the ECB is really to be independent , and if one expects that all members of the Governing Board , particularly the governors of national central banks , base their decisions only on the interests of the entire euro area -LRB- and not of their home country -RRB- .
The EMF -LRB- or rather ESF , as some have dubbed it , for European Stability Fund -RRB- could manage an orderly default of an EMU member country that fails to comply with the conditions attached to an adjustment program .
This would be a key measure to limit the disruption from a default . A default creates ripple effects throughout the financial system , because all debt instruments of a defaulting country become , at least upon impact , worthless and illiquid .
In return for offering the exchange against a haircut , the EMF would acquire the claims against the defaulting country , which would then receive any additional funds from the EMF only for specific purposes that the EMF approves .
Other EU transfer payments would also be disbursed by the EMF under strict scrutiny , or they could be used to pay down the defaulting country 's debt to the EMF .
We propose to establish a common insurance fund with contributions proportional to the risk that each member country represents .
On the contrary , most surveys and hard economic indicators point to a strong upswing , with the one country that is in really serious trouble , Greece , representing only 3 % of the area 's GDP .
Applied to Greece , this view implies that the country 's fiscal crisis resulted from an overreaction by world financial markets to local political difficulties -LRB- excessive spending by the Greek government before last year 's elections -RRB- .
This `` Northern '' view starts from the premise that member states remain sovereign units , and that it is possible that a member country does not implement a necessary economic-adjustment program .
This view is embodied in the `` no bailout '' clause in the euro 's founding document , which stipulates that each country is responsible for its own public debt .
Failure then becomes an option if the country concerned violates the single currency 's basic rules .
Any holder of Greek debt , especially long-term debt , must calculate the likelihood that Greece 's political system will prove strong enough to push through the reforms needed to enable the country to service its debt fully -LRB- and on time -RRB- .
This is the choice that European leaders now confront : a radical step forward toward political or policy integration , or a clear framework to deal with the consequences of a member country 's failure to abide by the fundamental rules of the monetary union .
Those who lose their jobs can not find new ones because of barriers to entry , while high long-term unemployment makes those who do have jobs feel threatened .
There is ample evidence that restrictions on immigration in one country divert migrant flows to other EU countries , and that migration is attracted by generous welfare entitlements .
Maradona has been condemned to lie naked in front of millions of his fans , and his country has been condemned to pursue and reclaim him with its suffocating passion .
I do n't blame Maradona for staying away from the country in the last few years .
In Argentina 's recent legislative election , Cristina Kirchner became a political force in her own right , making the Kirchners a ruling couple from now on -- the second in the country 's history after Juan Perón and Evita . Mrs. Kirchner was elected Senator for the province of Buenos Aires , where much of the country 's economic might is based .
After all , Isabelita -- a very small woman in every sense and Perón 's third wife after Evita -- became the country 's first female President only because she was Perón 's widow .
Argentina is a country of strong women -- more than one has become a myth that transcends cultures .
So Argentineans have , indeed , bought `` two for the price of one . '' They have voted for continuity -- the core of Cristina 's campaign -- because their situation is much improved since 2001 , when the country was in the midst of economic and political crisis .
BUENOS AIRES -- The big question in Latin America today is this : Will Peru 's newly elected president , Ollanta Humala , orient his country toward Venezuela 's Hugo Chávez and his radical allies ? Or will he choose the path taken by Brazil 's former president Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva and the region 's other moderate politicians ?
He would not be able to lean on Brazil , the moderating regional power , but would inevitably fall under the sway of Chávez and Morales , deterring foreign investors and harming the country 's foreign relations .
In fact , Brazil 's leaders have good reason to be flexible : their country needs the access to the Pacific that Peru and Chile offer .
They partly restored Argentina 's social and political fabric , which had been weakened by the brutal adjustments made during that crisis , which triggered a president 's fall from power , default on the country 's debts , and a dramatic decline in living standards that left more than half of the population below the poverty line .
But that tailwind may have been squandered , because the Kirchners have yet to make the structural changes -- in industry , in the country 's energy policy , in education , and elsewhere -- needed to free Argentina from extreme dependence on commodity prices .
Moreover , given the country 's history of high inflation ravaging the economy , the problem needs to be addressed soon , before it gets out of hand .
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff 's government , which began its term this year with an understanding that economic growth will slow sharply , devalued the real in order to shore up the country 's competitiveness .
Argentina is a country that lives in an almost continual state of emergency .
That exceptional spirit benefited her husband , but the country 's institutions paid a high price .
With hard times approaching , will Cristina try to be a twenty-first-century Evita and create an epic by exploiting Argentines ' flamboyant tendencies , armed with an exceptional power or will she adopt Rouseff 's sensible attitude and combat inefficiency and corruption while strengthening governmental institutions ?
Moreover , the Lisbon Treaty will probably start being implemented during the French presidency , with nominations for the future EU leadership , including a permanent president , and steps to shape the future European External Action Service , essentially an EU foreign ministry .
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's reaction summed up the Turkish sentiment : `` These bombs aim to destroy the peace and stability in our country .
Plans to meet the crisis , in country after country , have been revamped and restructured time and again .
Today 's globalized markets need rules that take into account the public good in every country and region of the world .
Public funding also benefits a country 's economy , because large employers are spared the expense of providing health benefits to their workers .
The naira was intended to bolster the country 's independence by making it possible for the central bank to pursue its own monetary policy .
They feel the threat acutely and act accordingly , often dominating their country 's political process .
It possesses a large arsenal of nuclear weapons , a permanent seat on the United Nations Security Council , enormous reserves of oil and other minerals , a recent record of robust economic growth , and more territory than any other country despite being only three-fourths the size of the former Soviet Union .
The country 's population now numbers less than Pakistan 's and is declining by 500,000 people per year , leaving large portions of its vast landmass mostly uninhabited .
In order to remain intact and functional , the country needs a political system and a society that persuade talented young people to stay in Russia -- and that provides them with the education to develop their talent .
Losing a country and a special place in the world is the sort of trauma that could lead to the emergence of extreme and potentially violent nationalism .
What is needed now is a successor arrangement in which a larger number of governments , including the United States , China , and India , accept emissions limits or adopt common standards because they recognize that they would be worse off if no country did .
There is also the steady drumbeat of terrorist violence in Iraq -- violence that risks pushing the country into full-scale civil war .
All this will be especially important now given the status of the US , the most powerful country in the world , but one with an often uneasy relationship with the UN .
Here again , Ban would be well advised to leave New York and spend more time in the capital and around the country .
The US needs and benefits from effective multilateralism in a global world , one in which challenges can not be met by any single country acting by itself .
Japan 's self-defense agency was upgraded in January to a full ministry .
War in Iraq will only exacerbate frictions between the country 's Sunni minority and Shia majority , and such frictions could well be replicated elsewhere where Sunnis and Shia live side by side .
In strategic terms , no other country or group of countries has the capacity to replace the US .
This suggests , first , that governments should avoid public comments describing the American presence as an occupation or as lacking legitimacy , lest they make it more likely that the US departs Iraq entirely and leaves the country and its people to a terrible fate .
There is growing opposition to illegal entry , but no consensus about what to do about those who have been in the country illegally for years or those who want to come to the US in the future .
Likewise , Iraq could return to center stage if the positive momentum of recent months were suddenly reversed , perhaps following a new outbreak of violence between the country 's Sunnis and Shia .
The same is true of climate change : agreement on certain aspects of the problem -LRB- say , deforestation -RRB- or involving only some countries -LRB- the major carbon emitters , for example -RRB- may prove feasible , whereas an accord that includes every country and tries to resolve every issue may not .
This was to be a chance for the Chinese to show the world just how far they and their country had come .
But snubbing China is misguided . It ignores what the country has accomplished , and it risks consequences that are inconsistent with what the critics themselves want to see .
In a globalized world , global challenges largely require global responses , which are impossible if a country of China 's size and population and wealth does not participate .
The Iranian people may well choose leaders in their June 2009 elections who can deliver a much higher standard of living over those who would run the country into the ground .
During the Cold War , there were those who argued that the United States should try to `` roll back '' the Soviet Union , bring down the communist system , and replace it with democratic capitalism .
The new US policy toward Afghanistan makes no mention of trying to transform that country into a democracy .
For his part , Obama said in March that `` We have a clear and focused goal : to disrupt , dismantle , and defeat al-Qaeda in Pakistan and Afghanistan , and to prevent their return to either country in the future . ''
Similarly , the joint statement issued by Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev after their April 1 meeting in London , while mentioning that US-Russia relations would be `` guided by the rule of law , respect for fundamental freedoms and human rights , and tolerance for different views , '' placed far greater emphasis on reducing nuclear arms , addressing Iran 's nuclear program , and stabilizing Afghanistan .
But reaching an accord that sets binding ceilings for what each country will be allowed to emit is not an option in Copenhagen .
Security is the absolute precondition for sustainable recovery from conflict ; without it , people can not rebuild their country or return to school or work .
America 's goal -- an Iraq that is intact , possesses a representative government , and respects the rule of law -- is no pipe dream , particularly in view of the country 's educated population and sizable middle class .
That era of strategic rivalry between the United States and the Soviet Union gave way to one in which the US possessed far greater power than any other country and enjoyed an unprecedented degree of influence .
While the US remains the world 's most powerful single country , it can not maintain , much less expand , international peace and prosperity on its own .
Moreover , contemporary problems -- for example , thwarting the spread of materials and weapons of mass destruction , maintaining an open world economy , slowing climate change , and combating terrorism -- can not be managed , much less solved , by any single country .
What makes a country great is not the size of its territory , population , army , or economy , but how it uses its power to shape the world beyond its borders .
Consider China , by many measures the most significant emerging country .
The prospect of a threat to the stability of the greater Middle East and to the flow of oil should give China an incentive to support robust sanctions against Iran . But it is not clear whether China 's leaders will recognize this and act in their country 's own long-term self interest .
Today , the US is working to extricate itself from a second conflict involving Iraq , trying to figure out a way forward in Afghanistan , and contemplating the use of force against Iran .
It is one thing to modify the behavior of a state beyond its borders , but quite another to alter what takes place within another country 's territory .
In the case of Iran , the first Iraq war teaches us that economic sanctions will likely not be enough to persuade the Revolutionary Guards -LRB- who increasingly dominate the country -RRB- to accept verifiable limits on their nuclear program .
One area of probable continuity is the Middle East , where Obama will continue to try to broker a deal between Israelis and Palestinians and press Iran not to develop nuclear weapons .
Eight years , 4,300 lost American lives , and more than a trillion dollars later , it will be , for better or worse , mostly Iraqis who determine their country 's future .
Indeed , a political culture of compromise has not taken root , and the country continues to be divided by geography , ethnicity , religion , and politics .
Moreover , the country still experiences regular bombings , and millions of Iraqis are either internally displaced or refugees .
An Afghanistan that resembles a normal country is virtually impossible to foresee .
The two conflicts have absorbed a disproportionate share of the country 's resources -- military and economic to be sure , but also the time and attention of policymakers and diplomats .
It is never possible to satisfy the demands of all protesters , and regimes should not try .
The challenges of a fast-growing population , inadequate education , insufficient jobs , corruption , bureaucracy , and rising global competition constitute the greatest threat to the country 's future .
Not every country will be affected equally .
At stake is not only assistance , but Pakistan 's own future , for , in the absence of genuine commitment to counter-terrorism , it is only a matter of time before the country falls victim to the infection that it refuses to treat .
No country can succeed if it denies itself the talents of half of its people .
True , democracy can only be built and maintained from within , by a country 's people and leaders .
Sarkozy , for example , proposes to establish a ministry of immigration and national identity .
In the United States , a country of huge immigration , communities can bring together a strong cultural identity and a deeply engrained patriotism .
The number-one component of any fertilizer is nitrogen , and the first of the two German researchers , Fritz Haber , discovered how to work the dangerous , complex chemistry needed to pull nitrogen out of the atmosphere -- where it is abundant but useless for fertilizer -- and turn it into a substance that can grow plants .
One of the greatest challenges China must confront before the WTO treaty enters into force in 2007 is to prepare the country 's banking system for privatization and competition with foreign banks .
The projected spending increases are equal to 15 % of GDP , and are the largest that any country has undertaken so far in response to the financial crisis .
It is difficult to know who is right , because no other country has adopted this policy .
But such harmonization is neither necessary nor justified in every EU country .
The Commission reckons that it is rather suspicious that every country currently has its own system , and that these national systems are used by more customers and for more transactions than the harmonized Single Euro Payment Area -LRB- SEPA -RRB- system of payments .
But European institutions are now not only trying to repair the Pact , but are looking for ways to broaden its scope , making it possible to punish EU countries for `` macroeconomic imbalances . ''
For example , if a poorer member country undergoes a period of real convergence and has a temporary current-account deficit -- as is usual in such cases -- it may be punished for not being sufficiently `` harmonized . ''
The same is true of a country that undergoes a period of strong productivity growth because it has reformed its labor market or kept real wages low and has a current-account surplus .
Amir Rashid , the former head of the Iraqi military industry and an adviser to Saddam Hussein , now openly describes the inspectors as spies .
It was this Iraqi attitude of implacable hostility that , in 1998 , forced UN weapons inspectors to leave the country , leading to today 's confrontation .
But Resolution 1441 also empowers the inspectors to gather intelligence about Iraq 's weapons and weapon-making capabilities through in-depth interviews with Iraqi experts , either inside or outside the country , but certainly without Iraqi-government minders present .
To assure the experts that they could talk without fear , the Resolution gave the inspectors the authority to bring entire families out of the country .
Only after the defection of Hussein Kamel , Saddam 's son-in-law and head of the Iraqi military industry , did Blix get the clues to uncover the actual workings of Iraq 's ambitious program .
Just over a year ago , the Finnish EU presidency failed to break the gridlock over the Cyprus trade issue , illustrating again the limited value of trying to agree partial solutions and `` confidence-building '' measures .
Given the island 's complexity , and Cypriot sensitivity , it would be foolish for an outsider to try to sketch any future settlement .
Most Pakistanis are now resigned to full-scale army action being extended across the country .
If the government of Pakistan and its friends do not accept that this human suffering was preventable , a chain of similar disasters will take place as army action heats up in Waziristan and other parts of the country .
The innumerable blasts and attacks all across the country , the killing of Benazir Bhutto , and the routine television images of splatters of blood covered with flies have wrecked their nerves .
The Pakistani army would rather be seen as the country 's savior than own up to its own shortsightedness and make clear whether it has decided to change course by obeying the constitution .
Indeed , it is striking that communists and Trotskyites have experienced a revival of sorts -- or at least a re-legitimation -- in France , and that the little that Ahmadinejad has revealed of his program calls for nationalization , particularly of the oil industry , and expropriation of the rich .
When markets fear that a country might not repay its debts , they demand higher interest rates , which in turn make countries less willing or able to repay , justifying the initial fear .
When Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill at long last did speak out , he flatly contradicted Rice , telling The Economist that Argentina 's crisis was caused by its lack of an export industry and unwillingness to do anything about it .
Behind these visible assaults on identity found in every industrial country , the postcommunist countries confront other serious threats to both sovereignty and identity .
For example , I find it almost absurd that such a large and powerful country should be alarmed by the prospect of three small democratic republics on its border -- Estonia , Latvia , and Lithuania -- joining a regional grouping which it does not control .
I am simply trying to call things by their right names and to express my concern for good and friendly coexistence .
Yet , as a citizen of a European postcommunist country , I must admit that when I listen to the mantra-like claims about our Western affiliation , the Western direction of our policies , and the obligation of Western organizations , such as NATO and the EU , to offer us speedy admission , I often feel somewhat uncomfortable . There is an implied tone underlying this rhetoric that I find disturbing .
On the other hand , being a Westerner or a Western country does not mean being a priori superior .
Let 's try to build a global civil society , and let 's insist that politics is not just a technology of power , but needs to have a moral dimension .
It will be even worse if the EU countries try to mask their screening activities by inviting only diplomats to embassy celebrations in Cuba .
The shadings differed from country to country in the post-communist world , but the new generations rising in these societies now seem to be fed up with it .
I wanted to draw the international community 's attention to the human-rights situation in Cuba , to support that country 's opposition , and to encourage all pro-democratic forces .
Some Europeans apparently regard Cuba as a faraway country whose fate they need take no interest in , because they have problems of their own .
Worse , however , is the number of countries that find it convenient to avert their eyes and ears from the deathly silence with which this Asian country chooses to present itself to the outside world .
Cuba is the only country in the Western Hemisphere that has not embraced democracy and continues to repress all forms of political dissent . Today , Cuba is closer to making genuine democratic changes due to sacrifices made by dissidents and activists inspired by how other parts of the world have been transformed since the end of the Cold War .
We strongly support the Burmese opposition 's campaign calling on the country 's citizens to reject the constitution , which does not promote human rights , but only confirms the military 's political role .
Many democracy activists have been arrested throughout the country .
Given the violent suppression of last September 's mass demonstrations -LRB- the `` Saffron Revolution '' -RRB- led by Burma 's Buddhist monks , and the constant repression in the country , it is not surprising that the military junta tries to shroud its despotic tendencies in pseudo-democratic measures such as the sham electoral process of the referendum .
That is how this year 's Olympics could contribute to a greater openness and respect for international standards of human rights and liberties in the host country .
To speak of human rights is not politics ; only authoritarian and totalitarian regimes try to make it so .
PRAGUE -- The death of Eduard Chuvashov , a judge killed in cold blood on April 12 in Moscow , is another in a long and growing list of murders perpetrated on those in Russia who try to seek justice for the victims of crimes -- an essential task for the future development of the Russian society .
Within the Russian judiciary , Chuvashov was one of the rare judges with the courage to rule against powerful local government officials as well as high-ranking officers of the interior ministry .
The Western press has , up until now , often portrayed Russian President Dmitry Medvedev 's term in office as a time of liberalization , a period when the Russian government is beginning to loosen its authoritarian grip on society .
The country 's ruling generals will twist what is meant to be a democratic process , whereby the people get to express their will , into a mockery of free expression in which people vote in fear and without hope .
Attacks against the country 's ethnic minorities continue , with the deliberate targeting of civilians , including children , by the Burmese military and police .
The country 's media remains censored , freedom of expression denied , and the most popular political party in the country , the National League for Democracy , which won elections in 1990 , has been forced to disband because it decided not to register for the November elections .
Before Burma 's fate is sealed in a new-model dictatorship , the United Nations must immediately and vigorously embark on a fresh process designed to deliver national reconciliation and democracy to that troubled country .
The dictatorship stands accused of committing war crimes and crimes against humanity , mostly against the country 's minorities , who chafe at decades of oppression , ostracism , and military misrule .
PRAGUE -- The shattering earthquake and tsunami that struck Japan on March 11 have wrought devastating physical damage -- aggravated by the threat of a nuclear disaster -- across the country 's northeastern coastal areas , and have rekindled grave fears in the only country to have experienced fully the atom 's potential for horror .
Because Japan is a rich country , some people may be tempted to view it as being in a position to undertake most of the effort to rebuild on its own .
Given Ukraine 's strategic importance , the country 's fate has become an urgent matter of concern not only for Europe , but for the entire international community .
Corruption is widely believed to be endemic in the country 's police , secret service , administration , government , and Prosecutor 's Office .
Corruption cripples the country 's institutions and the government 's inaction on this problem is also having an economic impact .
Valery Khoroshkovsky 's continued ownership of Inter Media Group , in addition to his roles as head of the country 's security service and as a Council Member of the National Bank of Ukraine , is an obvious conflict of interest .
Entry into the program often involves a personal audience with the Saudi prince , in a ceremony that emphasizes the paternalistic and personal nature of governance in the Kingdom , where all subjects are regarded as well-cared-for children of the royals .
As a result , Al-Qaeda has had a respite to try to rebuild itself and to organize attacks in Saudi Arabia and elsewhere .
Other Al Qaeda thinkers have expressed admiration for the ability of young men like Wael Ghonim to mobilize thousands of his fellow Egyptians by conveying his sincere desire for change and love of country .
King Abdullah pledged large numbers of new housing units , an important gesture in a country where young people , especially young married couples , can not easily access the housing market .
Saudi troops marched into Bahrain under the banner of the Gulf Cooperation Council -LRB- GCC -RRB- , and the Saudi rulers issued clear instructions to adopt an iron-fisted policy with the demonstrators , again arguing that Iran 's nefarious hand was at play in subverting the country .
But his fall would present the Saudis with the risk of a country led by the Muslim Brotherhood .
In fact , the country is on the verge of total collapse .
But a modest political opening and economic diversification away from state-owned industry have been sacrificed .
In Bahrain , things are quiet now as well , but the chances of further radicalization of the country 's Shia majority have increased , possibly benefiting Iran in the long run .
More importantly , his governments hesitance in addressing the countrys deep problems with its health care system , pensions , and the labor market creates a sense of political paralysis .
Despite the seeming power of Germanys postwar Chancellors , the countrys political system can only be administered ; governance in the sense of addressing fundamental problems by enacting far-reaching reforms is usually impossible .
Few South Koreans remember those straitened months anymore , but for North Koreans , hunger in the countryside during this time of year is very real .
And some analysts in Seoul believe that a dicey political succession in Pyongyang , combined with food shortages in the countryside , could prove too much for the North Korean regime to handle .
Meanwhile , in the stark North Korean countryside , the regime has invested almost nothing .
If so , and if denying food aid would result in a famine that the North Korean regime could not withstand , what could such a decision mean for eventual relations among Korean peoples living in the northern and southern parts of a unified country ?
In trying to do just that , US President Barack Obama has been harangued about the need to `` get on the right side of history , '' or , to quote Bob Dylan , `` to get out of the new -LRB- road -RRB- if you ca n't lend your hand . ''
The world 's advice givers might try to keep this in mind when offering to help leaders of distant countries that are grappling with problems with which the adviser has little or no first-hand experience .
In the case of nascent democracies , the formula that is now often made compulsory is this : lift all bans on political activities , liberalize the media , hold elections -LRB- the sooner , the better -RRB- , resolve all minority issues in favor of the minorities , abandon trade barriers , and rid the country of corruption , preferably overnight .
Setting standards and goals of human rights is a powerful signal that a country is pointing itself in the right direction .
The country is in effect announcing that it is moving toward democratic institutional arrangements .
The embrace of essential human-rights standards as a cornerstone of a country 's development is one of our era 's seminal innovations .
A country that makes progress on human rights and commits to the change of behavior required to meet these international standards can also make a decisive turn toward a better future .
Netanyahu 's response to Obama 's initiative signaled what has been apparent for some time : the complex regional process known as the Arab Spring , and the eve of a US presidential election year , are difficult circumstances in which to try to re-start the peace process .
Joan of Arc described hearing the voices of saints telling her to free her country from the English .
Our research at Yale University , as well as studies conducted at the Institute of Psychiatry in London , also detected activation in an area of the brain known as Broca 's region during production of `` inner speech '' or verbal thought .
When the supposedly most enlightened and liberal of those constituencies resorts to illiberal discourse and intolerant measures , tendencies toward bigotry and ideological irrationality are reinforced .
But costs will come down once series production gets underway : Toyota says that it expects to `` shock '' the industry with its cost reduction numbers when it launches commercial production .
Our small diplomatic negotiating team was trying to end a war that had taken the lives of nearly 300,000 people .
Having invaded an oil-rich Arab country that played no role in the terrorist attack of September 11 , 2001 , the United States has imprudently allowed itself to be sucked into its attackers ' primitive logic of collective punishment and group revenge .
Think of the 15 million Chinese displaced following the Sichuan earthquake , the more than two million Iraqis uprooted within their country 's borders by sectarian and other violence , the 2.4 million displaced in Darfur , or the hundreds of thousands who have fled Mogadishu in the last year .
The world rightly focuses on the tragedy in Darfur , but overlooks another four million Sudanese still displaced as a result of the north-south conflict , many of whom continue to live in terrible poverty in Khartoum slums or in makeshift camps across the country , with little opportunity to re-build their lives .
As the US backtracks on its liberal standards , it is flirting with what can be called the `` Beijing Consensus , '' which makes economic development a country 's paramount goal and prescribes that states should actively steer growth in a way that suits national stability .
What matters in this worldview is not the nature of any country 's political system , but the extent to which it improves its people 's wellbeing .
The Limits of China 's Charm Offensive BRUSSELS -- To many people in the West , China seems to have gone from a country that `` keeps a cool head and maintains a low profile , '' in Deng Xiaoping 's formulation , to one that loves a good international bust-up .
But the point in reciting this litany is not so much to highlight China 's wayward behavior as it is to demonstrate the dilemma in which the country finds itself : if it behaves like a `` normal '' power , the world will forget the many hundreds of millions of people that it still needs to pull out of poverty .
The rise of the MMA is sure to make a fundamental change upon not only Pakistani foreign policy but also upon the country 's society and culture .
America 's plan to liberate Iraq with cruise missiles betrays not only crude ignorance , but also a lack of will to try and deal with the causes of terrorism .
Dr. Khan 's export of centrifuge technology was unknown to successive governments in Pakistan , says the country 's leader , General Pervez Musharraf .
While it is inconceivable that any Muslim country will now ask Pakistan for nuclear weapons , non-state actors are clearly more enthusiastic .
As a result , Pakistan 's bomb-makers have seriously jeopardized the safety of their country .
Their illegitimate nuclear commerce has created a nightmare for the reputation , safety , and security of their country .
The US and Europe will make their usual demands to close down the country 's hate-spewing madrassas , and to reform a public-school system that , unhindered by the government , churns out young militants burning to kill and die for Islam .
The Mansehra to Balakot road , finally forced open by huge army bulldozers , is now lined with relief trucks bursting with supplies that were donated by people from across the country .
Islamic groups from across the country have also arrived . Some bring relief supplies ; others simply harangue those who have lost loved ones and livelihoods , lecturing that their misdeeds brought about this catastrophe .
In a radio broadcast on April 12 , the clerics issued a threat : '' There will be suicide blasts in the nook and cranny of the country .
Traditional psychiatry thus adopted a contextual approach to diagnosing a depressive disorder .
The DSM-III 's confusion of normal intense sadness and depressive mental disorder , which persists to the present , emerged inadvertently from psychiatry 's response to challenges to the profession during the 1970 's .
It would not be hard for psychiatry to develop a more adequate definition of depressive disorder that de-medicalizes natural emotions of sadness .
Former Minister of Trade and Industry Mohammad al-Samadi estimates that Iraqis buy more than $ 500 million of Jordanian goods annually .
Our trucking industry - 5000 mostly family-owned trucks - is largely dependent on this trade .
Arab intellectuals , and indeed the wider Arab public , are now busy trying to analyze and understand the lessons of the Iraqi earthquake .
Despite trying to annex an Arab neighbor , Saddam was able to claim the nationalist mantle against the Americans .
This bilateral initiative comes on the heels of a decade in which America abstained from international efforts to address climate change , concerned that if it acts but China does n't , the world will fail to meet its emission-reduction targets and US industry will be disadvantaged .
In the US , more than 70 % of CO2 emissions come from consumer-related activities , whether gas-guzzling SUVs or power-hungry McMansions . In China , more than 70 % of emissions come from industry .
Steel production alone consumes 18 % of the country 's energy resources , nearly twice as much as all Chinese households .
The chemical industry consumes more energy than all private transportation , and aluminum production rivals the commercial sector in terms of electricity demand .
China 's leaders are already eager to rein in energy - and pollution-intensive industry for reasons of national security , air and water quality , and simple economic efficiency .
For a country in an employment crisis , investing in energy-intensive industry is a losing strategy . Using climate policy to discipline these industries would help rebalance the economy while taking a bite out of China 's emissions .
Future US consumption will be greener , and the cost of climate policy reduced , if the US recovery package includes money to weatherize homes , upgrade the electricity grid , and help the auto industry improve fuel efficiency .
The European Union should stop trying to do everything and concentrate on doing fewer things more effectively .
To state the obvious , military\/political occupations and international oversight of a country are never welcome to the people who are being occupied and\/or overseen .
In Bucharest recently , I was discussing the oversight role of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe -LRB- OSCE -RRB- in my country , Albania , with an expert from that body .
With UN administrators still holding sway in Kosovo and Bosnia years after their savage wars ended , and with talk of a UN mission to replace the US occupation administration in Iraq , when should an international administration be terminated and oversight of a country returned to its citizens ?
Its presence throughout the country in 1997 helped keep Albania united at a time of near civil war .
This retards the country 's political stabilization and democratic consolidation .
Of course , the OSCE 's presence in Albania does have political backing from large portions of the country 's electorate .
Is the OSCE 's presence retarding the country 's independence and economic vitality by creating an image of a protectorate , a country unable to forge international agreements or join powerful international bodies on its own volition ?
Is it the OSCE 's presence , and not Albania 's government , that is now keeping the country what it has long been , a hermit kingdom ?
Of course , an effective OSCE mission , confined to Tirana and comprised of experts that the country still needs , would be useful .
But Albania no longer needs the OSCE 's staff to be scattered throughout the country to monitor every aspect of its political life .
For example , the Western emphasis on reform and democracy in recent years has been used more often than not as a threat , a typical message being : `` Help us in Iraq or we will press for democracy and human rights in your own country . ''
If free and fair elections were to be held in any Arab country , Islamists would come to power .
Libya has become a Mecca for European leaders trying to win multi-billion dollar oil and investment deals .
The EU 's Turn in Afghanistan Time is running out for success in Afghanistan . The NATO summit in Riga of November 28-29 may be the last chance to pull that country back from the brink .
Poppy production is soaring , experiments with alternative crops are lagging , and there are not enough forces to provide security for farmers willing to try growing something different .
The shortfalls of the civilian effort and the unwillingness or inability of the Afghan government to provide good governance are the country 's central problems .
According to the UN High Commission for Refugees , all countries combined have offered a chance to start a new life to approximately the same number of Iraqi refugees as flee the country in just five days .
The country had a total population of 26.8 million , and now nearly 13 % of them are displaced ; many may never return .
In Amman , Damascus , Istanbul , and Beirut I met dozens of people who have a well-founded fear of persecution in their home country .
Refugees who are in the country of first asylum usually face three possible choices : return to their homeland , try to integrate in the host country , or be resettled to a third country .
If the Parliament in Baghdad , one of the best protected buildings in the country , can be attacked from within , then no Zone in Iraq is Green ; they are all Red .
Making matters worse , the country has suffered this year from both floods and drought .
Few foreign journalists venture in -- it is too difficult and too dangerous for them to work inside the country -- and local reporters are harassed by the authorities .
In this quintessential `` failed state , '' this sort of elders ' wisdom may be the only option to start dealing with the quagmire created by the lawlessness that has gripped the country since the departure of the dictator Said Barre in 1991 .
Aid workers who have been in the country for a dozen years , especially from groups like my own IRC , must work with all parties to the conflict because civilians in need are everywhere .
For Saudi Arabia is a country in which both rulers and ruled are equally arch - conservative , adhering , for the last two centuries , to the puritanical Wahhabi doctrine of Islam .
Such a massive foreign influx into so hermetic a country could not but have a significant domestic impact .
Even the tiny state of Qatar has the rabble-rouser Al-Jazeera television channel , which is watched by more viewers in Saudi Arabia than in any other Arab country .
While democracy is not part of his agenda , his messages , as well as his followers ' periodic armed attacks inside the country , have no doubt contributed to the erosion of the regime 's legitimacy .
The fact that most of the perpetrators of the attacks were identified as Saudis highlighted the country 's backward realities and provoked mounting international pressures for change .
This is the balance America is trying to strike .
That will be the test of this war : whether a warrior culture can be turned into a political one , and whether proxies can gradually become principal agents in their own right , rebuilding a country they once devastated .
In 1991 , my country , Estonia , was emerging from 50 years of Soviet-imposed backwardness .
So a small and once developmentally challenged post-Soviet country was able to overcome seemingly overwhelming obstacles .
Recall that in May 2006 , Viktor Chernomyrdin , Russia 's ambassador to Ukraine , said that Russia would be willing to reduce the price of natural gas it charged Ukraine if that country adopted a less pro-Western orientation .
Even Germany is a small country when negotiating on its own with Gazprom .
Many observers predicted that Indonesia , the world 's most populous Muslim country , would be unable to sustain democracy and would ultimately decline into chaos .
We ratified new public-finance legislation and ensured the independence of the country 's central bank .
But when we had to modernize our tax system , we could not find the required expertise anywhere in our country .
The increase in diabetes as a result of population fattening is causing an epidemic of chronic kidney disease in a country where only one in four can expect to receive treatment .
We have global supply lines in which goods are developed in one country , manufactured in another , and assembled in a third .
When European corporations outsource labor-intensive manufacturing to low-cost countries but keep the rest of the production process in Europe , they greatly complicate matters for anyone trying to evaluate the economics of trade defense .
Sectors with a higher human capital content -- electronic consumer goods , for example -- have much higher R&D costs than the shoe sector , so manufacturing these goods on an assembly line in a low-cost country is probably not very costly in comparison to R&D and other intangible costs .
A common bond would be no cure for a lack of fiscal discipline ; on the contrary , it would be no more than a placebo for a `` weak '' country , but it would also be harmful because it would foster the illusion that it is possible to get out of fiscal difficulty without undertaking fundamental reform .
America 's Democrats continue to argue for complete withdrawal of United States forces from Iraq within 18 months , despite the fact that no rational observer believes that Iraqi forces will by then be able to secure Iraq 's borders and face down the country 's numerous militias , which remain armed to the teeth .
What McCain was referring to was a peaceable presence of US forces in the country for a long period , rather like their continued presence in Japan since 1945 .
While most Iraqis understand the need for US forces to be in their country for the short term , they will not abide a permanent deployment .
In the meantime , US forces must support Iraqi efforts to strengthen the country 's own military and security forces , while simultaneously disbanding all militias .
Iraq 's Critical Election BLOOMINGTON -- Iraqis go to the polls on March 7 to elect a new Parliament for the second time under the country 's permanent constitution of 2006 .
How much more will the Sunnis be able to de-stabilize the country , he asked , enjoying as they do the support of most of the regional powers , including Saudi Arabia , Syria , and potentially Turkey ?
If , as occurred after the last elections , months go by without the formation of a government , this will be confirmation that Iraq 's political elites will continue to subordinate the desperate needs of the country -- for security , electricity , water , and basic services -- to their political futures as they haggle over positions .
The Bush administration insisted that Iraq achieve various `` milestones '' -- elections for which the country was not ready and completing a constitution in six weeks , to name two -- simply to create the appearance of substantive achievements ahead of the 2004 presidential election or the 2006 mid-term elections .
Similarly , the Obama administration is trying to force what it perceives as the easiest path to a new government in Iraq -- even if it is pro-Iranian -- not because it is in the US national interest , but to enable it to head for the exits more quickly in advance of the president 's re-election campaign .
In response to the crisis , Asians sought to establish an Asian Monetary Fund , which would help any crisis-hit country by providing massive liquidity assistance .
In the end , South Korea was saved by coordinated forced rollovers of foreign banks ' lending -LRB- why not try that in Greece ? -RRB- , and Indonesia experienced financial meltdown , because the country could not fulfill much of the IMF 's conditionality .
Recently , Brazil had been differentiating itself from the rest of the continent through its stable economy and vibrant democratic political system , both of which were helping the country 's poor .
In September , the ousted president of Honduras , Manuel Zelaya , reappeared in the country inside the Brazilian embassy in Tegucigalpa after three months of exile .
This vast transformation has not only generated a virtuous circle that strengthened institutional stability and social capital . It has also differentiated Brazil from other countries in Latin America , putting the country in the forefront in the region in terms of dealing with traditional social and economic injustices in a democratic way .
I was born in a provincial town in Bulgaria in the late 1960 's , when , like the rest of Eastern Europe , the country was under Communist rule .
Uzbekistan , a former Soviet Republic , is a poor country without many employment opportunities .
Unfortunately , there were some in Tajikistan who did n't like having a bunch of Uzbeks living in their country .
Our only hope of getting out of this prison is that another country decides to provide safe haven to men like us -- men who did nothing wrong and never should have been detained here in the first place .
At last year 's United Nations-sponsored climate-change conference in Cancún , Mexico , German Federal Environment Minister Norbert Röttgen noted that , `` In Germany , there has been a shift in thinking over the past years : in industry , politics , and society , we now see climate policy as an opportunity and challenge , not as a threat . ''
Indeed , the Arab Union estimates that the lack of regional integration costs each country two percentage points of annual GDP growth , while the African Economic Commission reckons that if a Maghreb Union existed , the five countries would each gain 5 % of GDP .
Second , regional integration would reduce `` hub-and-spoke '' effects between the EU and the Maghreb -- effects that arise when a large `` hub '' country or region signs bilateral trade deals with several smaller countries .
Next month , when jailed Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo receives the Nobel Peace Prize , attention will be drawn away from the more encouraging aspects of what China 's leaders like to call their country 's `` rise , '' and toward their persistent mistreatment of its most outspoken citizens .
Another wrote : `` If things go on this way , our country does n't have a future . ''
Zhao 's allies are not out to `` humiliate China . '' Rather , like those around the world who believe China deserves credit for its impressive achievements -- indeed , like Liu Xiaobo himself -- they want their country to develop governing institutions befitting its growing economic stature .
They are more keenly aware that if they try to redistribute too much , they will simply drive away the factors of production : capital will flow elsewhere , and labor will likewise migrate .
People in places like France and Poland who worry about national decline seek to blame somebody outside the country .
Modern economic growth still depends in almost every advanced industrial country on imported energy -LRB- Norway is an exception -RRB- .
The experience made Poles particularly jittery , and pushed the country 's populist right-wing government down the road of economic nationalism .
But a Putin in one country has a tendency to produce Putin imitators elsewhere .
This time , however , it is Google 's Chrome that promises to transform the economics underlying the entire software industry , and not only because of its technical innovation in linking very different kinds of software to an Internet browser .
Google 's position is so interesting and so powerful because the legal philosophy that challenges any ascendant position , even in an industry that seems naturally to produce monopoly , remains in place .
As in previous economic transitions , those who work in the financial industry will try to produce convincing arguments that their business depends on the human touch .
We see this in the current discussion about the distributional effects of rescuing the automobile industry ; or the worry that hedge funds , which are widely blamed for today 's financial malaise , should have access to the Fed 's emergency credit lines .
It , too , conducted an official inquiry , establishing the Macmillan Committee to hear evidence about how poorly British banks served British industry , and how the German model did a much better job at converting savings into industrial finance .
The strategic vision of a bank shaping the economic fortunes of a country , or the whole world , is as flawed as was the idea of central economic planning .
Franklin Roosevelt was already taking vigorous action against the depression , and was trying to reorder the failed US banking system .
Critics are trying to identify the ideas as well as the interests that were responsible for financial and economic dysfunction .
When the dollar strengthened at the end of the 1960s and in the mid-1980s , American industry felt threatened by foreign imports and pressed for changes in the trading regime .
But when businesses and consumers try to borrow , they find that it is very costly , if not impossible .
Frustration with the complexities of trying to provide ready fixes leads to attempts to find even more radical solutions .
Some try to deal with basic human proclivities , and to modify behavior to make people better .
The second , and better , approach lies in agreements in each country about what the appropriate basis for monetary policy should be .
Banking is inherently competitive ; but at the same time , it is not an industry where competition ever worked very well .
Ireland and Iceland have become notorious cases where a financial sector metastasized and destroyed the host country .
In addition , there is the complexity of disentangling which country is responsible for what part of a rescue , when , for instance , Central European banks are controlled by an Austrian bank that is bought by a German bank that is then bought by an Italian bank .
But they also wanted banks to direct more resources to financing domestic investments and industry .
The scenario of the early 1970 's was replayed with floating rates in the mid-1980 's , with the meetings of the major countries ' finance ministers first forcing down the Yen and the D-mark against the dollar , and then trying in 1987 to hold rates stable .
The result was a minority government that struggled for support and legitimacy , and in the end offered only policies that provided no real answer to the country 's underlying problems .
Britain today resembles 1974 much more than it resembles 1979 , when the Thatcher revolution set the country on a new path .
Major adjustments are needed . At the same time , the main parties find it hard to address the country 's problems , because they are reluctant to call for sacrifice before an election .
Little wonder , then , that currency markets are treating the likely outcome in Britain -- a hung parliament , with no clear majority for any party -- as a repeat of the mid-1970 's , with no clear solution to the country 's underlying economic problems on offer .
More over , Japan in particular was not especially wealthy in an international comparison , and neither country had deep or well-developed capital markets .
But , as a big country , China would not have the vulnerabilities of smaller strong currencies -LRB- the Norwegian krone or the Swiss franc , for example -RRB- .
Kindleberger , a kind and well-meaning man , could never see that the world is never entirely grateful to the country that saves it .
In retrospect , it was blamed for triggering a highly politicized debate about exchange rates , with every country trying to devise an approach that favored its own interests .
The resulting monetary expansion in the second half of the 1980 's fueled Japan 's massive asset-price bubble , the collapse of which seemed to lead directly to the country 's `` lost decade '' of stagnation .
As debate about Japanese economic decline intensified , a consensus emerged in Japan that outside pressure had forced the country into adopting a dangerous and ultimately destructive course .
As the US pushes China to revalue the renminbi , American economists try to support the case for a stronger renminbi by looking at examples of surplus countries that adjusted by carrying out more expansionary policies .
The recommendation , which contains a long section trying to show that Japan 's 1987 and 1988 experience was not damaging , will be read in China simply as a statement that the US wants China to follow Japan in committing what amounts to economic hara-kiri .
The debate about China 's artificially pegged exchange rate has led Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan and French President Nicolas Sarkozy to begin to believe that they , too , might try shaping exchange rates . Indeed , Sarkozy has promised to make the search for a `` better '' exchange-rate system a key part of France 's agenda when it chairs the G-20 next year .
Osborne argued that Britain was on the brink : that there was no alternative to his policy if the country was to avoid a massive crisis of confidence .
Rather than trying to mount a last-ditch defense of the fixed exchange rate , the government , at the suggestion of the Bank of England , agreed to abandon the gold standard and devalue the pound .
The country was no longer subject to imported deflation via the fixed exchange rate .
One of the most famous examples concerns the Great Depression -- an epoch that policymakers frequently drew upon in trying to come to terms with the post-2007 financial crisis .
One consequence is that Fed officials now try to avoid it .
He had been an influential state secretary in Germany 's finance ministry , before becoming the head of the associations of savings banks .
They may have even calculated that his private life might cause a stir in a country that is both more prudish and prurient than France .
If they try to clamp down by raising domestic interest rates , they will only attract greater capital inflows .
Food prices are usually not limited in their effects to one country alone .
The same kind of unrest , in which the countryside is pitted against the town , with both sides demanding more rights , could undermine the political order in China and other big emerging-market economies .
Recent decades have been replete with contagious financial crises that spread disorder from one country to another .
Such a system worked as long as events in one country did not have a negative impact on other borrowers and there was no systemic risk or systemic contagion .
The defaults of that time were not confined to one country , but swept across the globe in a contagious panic that destroyed financial systems in lending as well as borrowing countries .
What was initially seen as a problem in one country -LRB- Italy -RRB- toppled other currency regimes like dominos : Britain , Spain , and Portugal -- and , by July 1993 , even France was vulnerable .
If , on the contrary , they try to diversify into other currencies , they will drive down the dollar faster and create greater losses .
Before then , profound inequalities between China 's poor countryside and its dynamic industrial centers will generate tensions , which may be increased by the gender imbalance -- young men greatly outnumber young women .
On a recent trip to these countries , and despite repeated requests , no politician or public-health official in either country would meet with me .
`` There is no evidence that use of methadone and buprenorphine facilitates treatment of drug addicts , '' declared Olga Krivonos , head of the Department of Medical Aid and Healthcare Development at Russia 's Ministry of Healthcare and Social Development , in March 2009 .
Similarly , large-scale bombings of Iraqi industry , power plants , and infrastructure in 1991 resulted in substantial chemical spills into the Tigris and Euphrates rivers .
At hospitals throughout the country , doctors concluded that there was nothing they could do .
They arrived at this conclusion when trying to reconcile a contradiction that has long puzzled those who study both biology and physics .
This means that what is banned in one country is permitted elsewhere .
Worse still , there is little capacity to fight them , as existing fire-fighting resources are used to try to save human lives .
Opposition from the tobacco industry is an obvious obstacle to tobacco control .
Smuggling is abetted by the tobacco industry in order to gain market share and scare finance ministers into lowering taxes .
Today , China is the only country in the world that has enshrined in law the concept of a `` Web political criminal . ''
In a country where freedom of expression has been off limits for half a century , the Internet had at first proven to be a godsend : people poured their enthusiasm into it by building Web sites and personal homepages .
Just as Czechoslovakia 's communist government once imprisoned Havel for daring to dream of a civil society and a true constitution of liberty for his country , China 's government has imprisoned Liu for attempting something similar , with his Charter 08 appeal , modeled on Czechoslovakia 's Charter 77 .
But both Japan and China recognize that further tension will serve neither country 's long-term interests .
Emerging more united from this tragedy , the country welcomed the world to the long-anticipated Olympics , which were remarkably successful , but were soon superseded by the tainted-dairy-product scandal in which many babies became ill , and some died .
Though largely discredited inside the country , this militant movement still has a following around the world , and further protests may come at any time and in unpredictable forms .
China will want to flex its muscles and proclaim to the world that the Party has delivered the goods to its people , while making the country strong and prosperous .
Nor should it forget China 's fierce display of nationalism in response to Western protests of the Olympic touch relay , the extraordinary patriotism that swept the country in response to the Sichuan earthquake , and the national pride evinced by the Olympic Games .
To those who view China 's rise in a negative light , the country is simply becoming ever more arrogant .
China 's critics argue that its claims to a peaceful rise are not credible , given the country 's non-democratic , one-party system .
China 's Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs Fu Ying expressed her country 's anxiety about this state of affairs in a recent interview . `` The most important thing is the question of whether China and the US are enemies .
While older statesmen take pride in how far China has come , younger Party figures and elites -- especially those who have returned from American and other Western graduate schools -- are frustrated by that China 's strategic position in Asia and status within global and regional institutions remain relatively weak , despite the country 's rising economic power .
But , as Representative Paul Kanjorski , the main force behind the provision , recently put it , `` The key lesson of the last decade is that financial regulators must use their powers , rather than coddle industry interests . ''
Indeed , official rhetoric has turned once again to trying to persuade markets to ignore reality .
By the end of 2008 , Ireland 's three main banks had lent more than three times the country 's national income .
The crash came in 2009 , as Ireland 's real estate boom turned to bust , leaving the country with large insolvent banks , a collapse in budget revenues , and Europe 's largest budget deficit .
This gives China the unprecedented -- for a large trading country -- ability to accumulate foreign-exchange reserves -LRB- now approaching $ 3 trillion -RRB- .
But the reality is that the IMF has no power over China -LRB- or any other country with a current-account surplus -RRB- ; the final communiqué last weekend was arguably the lamest on record .
As a result , emerging-market countries , aiming to ensure that they avoid needing financial support from the IMF in the foreseeable future , are increasingly following China 's lead and trying to ensure that they , too , run current-account surpluses .
How long does default last before the country can reach an agreement with its creditors ?
This obviously depends in part on the amount of debt outstanding , the interest rate , and the country 's growth prospects if it continues to pay .
But these interest-rate spreads make the benefits of non-payment greater , so the same shocks can send a country quickly into default .
If a country can support debt totaling 80 % of GNP -LRB- a rough but reasonable rule of thumb -RRB- , then we need approximately 50 % `` haircuts '' on this existing and forthcoming debt -LRB- reducing it to 75 % of its nominal value -RRB- .
The path-breaking work over many years of Carmen Reinhart , my colleague at the Peterson Institute in Washington , makes this very clear -- no country , including the US , escapes the deleterious consequences of persistent large fiscal deficits .
The impetus for a big subprime market came from within the private sector : `` innovation '' by giant mortgage lenders like Countrywide , Ameriquest , and many others , backed by the big investment banks .
But trying to obtain stability from rigidity is illusory .
But the consequences of any default would , ironically , actually increase the size of government relative to the US economy -- the very outcome that Republican intransigents claim to be trying to avoid .
The EU 's leaders will try hard to keep the IMF at bay .
As Senator Mark Warner graciously acknowledged , `` The Senator from Delaware sounded an early warning signal that the massive amounts of investments that had been made by certain firms to try to get what appears to be a fractional millisecond advantage in the trading process might come back and haunt us all ... I 've been proud to follow his lead . ''
The result will be job creation , investment opportunities and a new direction for industry .
The period between departure from paid employment and entry into PAYG programs is bridged on a country-specific basis by a plethora of public , private , or mixed early-retirement benefit arrangements , such as unemployment insurance , disability insurance , or some form of severance pay .
It is illogical to continue subsidizing a compulsory exit from the labor force while simultaneously trying to safeguard public retirement systems in the face of tremendous demographic challenges .
The doctrine according to which great powers , many of them nuclear-armed , try to stop lesser powers from acquiring nuclear weapons by force and threats of force -- a fiasco in Iraq , nuclear-armed North Korea , and now Iran -- has reached a dead end .
Americans are accustomed to thinking that their country 's bitter experience in Vietnam taught certain lessons that became cautionary principles .
Did Johnson 's advisers push the country into a disastrous war in order to win an election -- or , to be more exact , to avoid losing one ?
Johnson , Bundy , and the others of course believed the `` domino '' theory , which says that one country `` falling '' to communism would cause others to fall .
Jinnah 's Labyrinth NEW DELHI -- Three recent events vividly illustrate the dilemmas of today 's Pakistan , which are in many ways the same challenges faced by the country 's founder , Mohammed Ali Jinnah , over six decades ago .
To understand where Pakistan 's massive problems began , we need to look back to the country 's founding . At a press meeting on November 14 , 1946 , nine months before British India was partitioned into two countries , India and Pakistan , Jinnah was asked about the future of the communal situation in what would become Pakistan .
There is cruel irony in the observation that in the country which Jinnah created in the name of Islam , that noble faith itself now constitutes the principal challenge to the very survival of the state .
Here is a simple formula for assessing a country 's approach to combating terrorism : credibility + transparency + integrity of approach = legitimacy and effectiveness .
-LRB- Those -RRB- who roam ... unchallenged have become ... partners ... in a war against the country itself . ''
A vast majority of Pakistan 's citizens deeply resent America 's presence and influence in their country .
Following the Times Square bombing attempt , Clinton issued an even harsher judgment : `` if a terror attack like the New York bombing were to be successful and found to have originated from that country , there would be very severe consequences . ''
The TTP 's stated objectives include jihad against the Pakistani army , enforcement of sharia law across the country , and a plan to unite with the Afghan Taliban to fight the NATO forces in that country .
Instead of trying to explore the possibilities presented by the Brazilian\/Turkish opening , the US quickly pushed the UN Security Council for more sanctions -LRB- the fourth round so far -RRB- on Iran .
The UN sanction vote was also heavily influenced by another small country with a Weltpolitik : Israel .
Many challenges confront India on its path to sustained strong growth , principally that of converting the country 's vast promise into reality .
Currently , India has a window of opportunity , nearly unique in nature , thanks to a huge demographic dividend : almost 60 % of the country 's population is below the age of 30 .
To seize this opportunity , India first must move decisively away from state capitalism , the remnants of which continue to retard the country 's economic progress .
Raising farm productivity and income requires improved irrigation , wasteland reclamation , warehousing , marketing , transport development , and the free movement of produce within the country .
We must try to ensure that future climate-change meetings , like the Cancún summit this winter , are fully exploited as an opportunity to transform well-intentioned declarations into international agreements that apply to developed and developing countries alike .
And if my own country , France , has failed to set a good example to developing countries by equivocating over the terms of a carbon tax , then perhaps the time has come for its national carbon footprint to be linked with the European trading system for CO2 .
The mini-bus taxis developed in response to severe shortcomings in the country 's public transport system , one characterized by high prices , low-quality service , and a chaotic operating network , but they operate entirely outside of formal laws and regulations .
What makes the industry work is a commonly agreed informal business `` culture '' that is flexible , innovative , and keeps operating costs down .
The mini-bus taxi industry thus illustrates the importance of informal conventions .
As the South African example shows , such agreements can even promote a country 's development .
For example , trying to eliminate corruption in environments with strong patronage-based power and redistribution mechanisms while failing to address the root problems can do more harm than good , and might lead to violent conflicts over new resources .
Reforms must be adapted to the specific context of each country , and be applied within the boundaries of what is possible .
More informed citizens , in turn , participate at a higher rate and to a greater degree in their country 's decision-making processes .
To some extent , what North African countries are experiencing , it could be argued , is the classic middle-income-country trap , with economic performance constrained and undermined by limited economic transformation towards higher value-added production and insufficient political , social , and economic inclusion .
No country or region can truly aspire to full , broad-based economic growth without pulling along all segments of its population and without giving a voice to all .
A Clockwork Chemistry
A Clockwork Chemistry OXFORD -- In Anthony Burgess 's novella -LRB- and Stanley Kubrick 's film -RRB- A Clockwork Orange , Alex , an unrepentant psychopath , has his eyes pried wide open and is forced to watch violent images .
Over the past decade , an army of psychologists , neuroscientists , and evolutionary biologists has been busy trying to uncover the neural `` clockwork '' that underlies human morality .
Should we use our growing scientific understanding of the basis of human morality to try to make people morally better ?
It would be self-defeating , or worse , to try to promote morality through brutal coercion .
Nevertheless , this is a very serious moment for Turkey , because it may mark the country 's transit from decades of military tutelage of its civilian politicians -- and thus complete its transition to full-fledged democracy .
According to the Turkish constitution , it is illegal for any agency , even the military , to try to overthrow a democratically elected government .
The three military coups Turkey endured in 1960 , 1971 , and 1980 brought neither prosperity nor stability to the country .
No democratic country would allow such interventions by its military , whatever the circumstances .
They try to depict this as a showdown between the `` Islamist AKP '' and the country 's democracy-loving secularists .
But the main reason for India 's good relations with Myanmar 's ruling thugs is the country 's vast and still largely unexploited energy reserves , which India desperately needs to fuel its economic boom .
India 's Fiscal Follies NEW DEHLI &#45; &#45; India 's new budget for 2008-2009 says less about the country 's current financial health than it does about the irresistible tendency of Indian governments to use the national budget as a pre-election cudgel .
Indeed , the new budget is a pre-election bonanza for key constituencies : tax cuts for the middle class and perks for the country 's big corporations .
The new budget , recognizing the country 's acute water crisis , also calls for more money to expand irrigation .
The Americans are happy that India 's pesky left , reduced to a paltry 24 seats , has been all but eliminated from national government .
While private wealth management is a growth industry among India 's 200,000 or so nouveaux riches , 800 million Indians live on less than $ 2 per day .
In his famous speech on India 's `` tryst with destiny , '' Nehru promised Indians that his government would seek to `` bring freedom and opportunity to the common man , to the peasants and workers of India ; to fight and end poverty and ignorance and disease ; ... to ensure justice and fullness of life to every man and woman . ''
The essential challenge before him and his country is not transitioning from a more to a less state-directed economic system , as many of those cheering Congress 's electoral victory believe .
Of course , no one is under the illusion that India or any other country will abandon its cities for a life as simple as the one Gandhi strove to live ; but that does n't mean that India ca n't look to Gandhi 's core values for inspiration .
Many of those arrested and prosecuted hail from Xinjiang , an autonomous region in the northwest of the country that is home to a large and restive Muslim population .
We may get a better picture of China 's public health system as a result of the SARS crisis , but when it comes to the country 's political health , there is little to suggest that criticism will be tolerated or opposition allowed .
The very idea still incites howls of protest in Asia - not least in Japan , where popular attachment to the country 's postwar `` peace '' constitution remains powerful .
But these incremental changes in Japan 's military capacity and policies , though necessary and effective , can be sustained only with a clear national consensus on the country 's defense interests .
To achieve these ends , Japan must be endowed with responsibilities equivalent to the country 's national power , while securing the safety , comfort , and prosperity of Japan and preserving the people 's identity as Japanese with pride and honor .
Many of Japan 's neighbors were understandably reassured by the Cold War arrangement whereby America promised to defend Japan , relieving the country of the need for a powerful military .
Akio Kyuma , the Director-General of the Defense Agency , which is expected to be transformed into the Ministry of Defense , was instrumental in preventing Aso 's ally , Fukushiro Nukaga , from running for LDP president .
If Abe is to create the `` beautiful country '' that he promised in his policy speech , he must not lose momentum in exercising strong leadership .
Every country that has sent troops to aid America 's efforts in Iraq is under pressure , as the decision by the Philippines to withdraw its small contingent shows .
With China 's growing sense of itself as a superpower , resentment about the country being poorer and less admired than some other nations has become intolerable .
Japan 's government and National Security Council plan to revise the country 's National Defense Program Outline -LRB- NDPO -RRB- by the end of this year .
Japan 's government should thus give a clear indication of a true will to defend the country 's security .
By revising the country 's National Defense Program Guideline -LRB- conventionally called an Outline -RRB- last December , Koizumi 's government began the process of clarifying some of these debilitating ambiguities .
In each country , China is nurturing special military and commercial relations intended to promote loyalty to Chinese interests .
Yet Indonesia is also trying to align itself with Asia 's rising power , China , by seeking greater defense and security cooperation .
Undoubtedly , the US will try to build closer ties with Indonesia through greater military cooperation , because Indonesia borders the region 's key sea lines of communications .
Because China must import vast quantities of oil through the Malacca Strait , that sea lane has become a central element in the country 's security strategy .
Both India and China are each seeking greater influence over the strategically important country of Myanmar .
Bulgaria 's Betrayal of Europe When Bulgaria joined the European Union this past January , I believed that my country had finally left its repressive past behind .
Our public thought is fragmented , and the country 's intelligentsia , who are partly responsible for tending to society 's values and goals , are behaving in often-destructive ways .
Even China , which is trying to shift its economy more toward consumption in order to reduce its dependence on capital spending , has put in place an infrastructure of roads , power grids , ports , and railways that will serve its domestic economy for decades .
The Foreign Ministry , home to the state 's best personnel , has been largely cut off from diplomatic planning .
Substantial corrections will be required to the entire political agenda , which , multiplied by the astonishing ideology of building national capitalism in one country , is currently too reminiscent of the policies that led to the Soviet Union 's disintegration .
MOSCOW -- Rapid changes in the global economy and international politics are raising , once more , an eternal issue in Russia : the country 's relations with Europe , and with the Euro-Atlantic region as a whole .
So is Russia , where , despite encouraging talk about innovation-based development , the economy continues to de-modernize as corruption has been allowed to metastasize , and as the country relies increasingly on its natural-resource wealth .
And , because of the country 's comparative lack of `` soft power '' -- social , cultural , and economic attractiveness -- it stands ready to use the competitive advantages -LRB- i.e. , its resource wealth -RRB- available to it .
Internal political developments in Russia are also pushing the country in a different direction from the West .
For , while Russia 's elite never considered itself defeated in the Cold War , the West essentially treated Russia as a defeated country -- an attitude symbolized by NATO 's eastward expansion , which laid a deep foundation for ongoing tension .
If stockpiles of tactical nuclear weapons are reduced , as some US , European , and Russian experts have proposed , the opponents of Russia 's ongoing military reform will have even more reason to object to reconfiguring the country 's conventional armed forces away from confrontation with NATO toward a flexible-response capability vis-à-vis other threats .
Instead of focusing on the real problem , namely the increasingly unstable international order , it is trying to apply Cold War-era concepts of disarmament .
But , if current trends persist , Russia east of the Urals , and later the entire country , will become an appendage of China -- a warehouse of resources , and then an economic and political vassal . No `` aggressive '' or unfriendly effort by China will be needed ; Russia will be subdued by default .
Some Russians fear that if China is allowed to build these projects , crowds of Chinese will flock into the country . My answer is this : if we stay where we are , like the proverbial dog in the manger , the hay -- Russia 's economy -- will rot .
A struggle for preserving the vestiges of greatness may be a worthy goal ; perhaps France , a country richer than Russia , can afford these objectives .
But do Russians really want to tickle their vanity at the expense of the long-term interests of our economically devastated country ?
Nor does Russia need to cater to pacifism for domestic political considerations , as a pacifist movement is non-existent in my country .
Obviously , we are more suited for this role than , say Poland , which is also trying to play it .
Should such a possibility arise , Russia should take part in peacemaking and reconstruction operations in Iraq , rather than trying to put a spoke in Washington 's wheel .
More generally , Russia must play the oil card , which still gives the country a powerful trump in international relations , especially in light of long-term destabilization of the Middle East .
After the liberation in 2001 , the international community concentrated on Afghanistan alone as the place to fight extremism and terrorism , while we Afghans argued that our country is not the right place to fight .
Moreover , in order to deny terrorists institutional support , we must bring institutional strength to Afghanistan . We must enable Afghans to look after themselves and defend their country , to have a future in Afghanistan , to have hope of raising their children in Afghanistan .
But an increasing number of women and girls from Burma have begun to tell of their experiences of rape and other forms of sexual violence in the country 's war-torn areas .
Nevertheless , four years on , a UN investigation has yet to take place , because the military junta refuses to grant the UN access to the country .
Only when conditions in the country deteriorated even more in the wake of the Fund holding back on the second tranche of its loan did the IMF agree to loosen its conditions . However in Latvia , the IMF has continued to demand austerity even in the wake of plummeting growth and rising unemployment which have lead to riots and political instability .
To avoid the perception of NATO or the US attacking another Muslim country , the backing of the Arab world is also needed .
The one option that should not be on the table is US ground troops ; no one wants to see US forces bogged down in another war , especially in another Muslim country .
Experts would remind us that Kazakhstan had never been a country , and that Ukrainian claims to independence are historically dubious .
By opting for the Tiananmen Square massacre in 1989 , the Chinese Communist leadership set their country on a road starkly different from the one on which Russia subsequently embarked .
Though China 's policies have brought about Pinochet-style economic growth , if on the scale of a country that is almost a continent unto itself , they have also ensured that there is in no freedom for anyone , including the Han majority .
Indeed , though the UNPO , to which both belong -- alongside Assyria and the Buffalo River Dene Nation -- has a vaguely Marx Brothers ' air to it -LRB- one expects Freedonia , the mythical country of which Groucho Marx was prime minister , to be on the roster -RRB- , six member states already have left it to join the UN , and Kosovo , now independent if lacking UN recognition , will eventually follow .
Standing in the wings is one possible candidate who might take up where Khatami left off and address the economic and cultural concerns of young Iranians . Though he has not announced his candidacy , Mohammad Baquer Qalibaf , now Mayor of Tehran and formerly the country 's chief of police , has a relatively moderate track record and an image of someone who can get things done .
Nor can it exercise its traditional functions in the religious sphere to provide support to civil society in the country .
For example , an the Oil Ministry gave a $ 1.3 billion no-bid contract to an oil company associated with the Revolutionary Guard , and Ahmedinejad appointed his brother-in-law as cabinet secretary .
Both failed , because Iran 's presidents do not run the country .
Iran 's Muddled Presidential Politics WASHINGTON , DC -- The decision of former Iranian president Mohammad Khatami not to seek the presidency again has revealed how muddled Iranian presidential politics now is . In trying to sort out this muddle , the most important thing to keep in mind is not so much who will be elected , but what that choice will reveal about the intentions of the country 's Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
Ayatollah Khamenei , who is also the commander-in-chief of the armed forces , oversees the agencies that will run the election : the Guardian Council and the Ministry of Interior , which supervise the electoral process , and the Basij militia and Revolutionary Guard -LRB- IRGC -RRB- , which unofficially control the ballot-boxes and the vote-counting process .
But cultivating fear in others also makes one more susceptible to fear , and nothing is more frightening to Khamenei and the leaders of the Islamic Republic than the social dynamism unleashed by the democratic movement brewing inside the country .
Thus , initially intimidated by the post-election crisis , the regime acceded to the October 1 proposal in Geneva that would have allowed the controlled enrichment of Iran 's uranium outside the country .
He has also diminished the foreign ministry 's stature by appointing a number of special envoys in key areas .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has now made the mistake that all Iranian presidents make : he has challenged the authority of the country 's Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
During the Iran-Iraq war , Ronald Reagan 's national security adviser , Robert McFarlane , paid a clandestine visit to Iran with the approval of the country 's highest authorities , to pursue a deal that would have been to Iran 's advantage .
'' -LRB- military and intelligence -RRB- operations outside the country are taking place without the government 's knowledge or orders ... Only after an airplane is hijacked are we made aware of it .
But Ahmadinejad is no exception to the historical rule in Iran : every faction that loses out to its domestic rivals looks beyond the country for an alliance with outside powers .
But if Musharraf manages to get his own PCO judges established in the country , then we will head toward a period of turmoil .
Indians are more part of Africa 's social tapestry than are the Chinese , a fabric that has been strengthened through opportunity and adversity through the ages .
Olam was started by Indians in Nigeria and remains a world-beating trader in cotton , coffee , cashews and the like . To succeed , Olam has had to work `` up-country '' - -- a euphemism for difficult conditions far from comfortable port cities -- requiring it to rely on Indians ' familiarity with , and willingness to work in , Africa 's interior .
A 10-year industrial policy program called Pro-álcool was crucial in the development of the industry .
Ethanol accounts for more than 50 % of current light-vehicle fuel demand in the country , and Petrobras -- Brazil 's energy giant and one of the largest companies in Latin America -- expects this share to increase to more than 80 % by 2020 .
Our research shows that industrial policy was successful in promoting a competitive bioethanol industry in Brazil .
A massive stimulus package , prompted by the 1970 's rise in oil prices , gave rise to an entirely new industry .
Some were talented and believed that the new subsidies and incentives rendered long-term investments in the industry highly attractive .
Fortunately , the government did not attempt the impossible task of trying to separate winners from losers .
By the 1990 's , the major subsidies and policies were abolished , and the industry was deregulated .
Our statistical analysis of the entry and exit patterns of entrepreneurs in the Brazilian ethanol industry shows that the more efficient acquired the less efficient .
The government did not bail out the underperformers , allowing market forces to restructure the industry during the post-subsidy phase .
Certainly , the beneficiaries of Pro-álcool 's subsidies lobbied the state to continue the protective policies even after their usefulness -- inducing the development of the industry -- had expired .
The microfinance industry began in the 1980 's in Bangladesh with the non-profit Grameen Bank and BRAC Bank .
Today , the microfinance industry serves about 150-200 million borrowers around the world , and has grown rapidly by securing access to several billion dollars in equity financing .
As a result , many institutions had to write off much of their loan portfolios and take heavy losses , sending shock waves through the industry and the investor community -- and causing the poor to suffer .
GOELRO 's -LRB- State Organization for the Reconstruction and Development of the Soviet People 's Economy -RRB- slogan was `` Socialism means Soviet rule plus electrification of the country . ''
For most of this enormous country , with its 135 million people and 11 time zones , such signs of the past and the promised business future are regarded as skeptically as proclamations about record harvests under Brezhnev . All of these are seen as Kremlin games , hypothetical and hypocritical , bearing little relation to reality .
For in this uniformity Russia has the hope of becoming a `` normal '' country , a place where the uniformity of slogans is replaced by uniform commercial services .
The KGB knew that there was really no need to keep his name secret , but , as KGB chief Ivan Serov told me , the enemy 's resources were limited , so let them waste their efforts trying to uncover `` non-secret '' secrets .
A well-organized team would collapse like a house of cards , and the hopes for future space research and missile design would be dashed , threatening the country 's security .
After the independent TV network Rustavi-2 -- which criticizes Georgia 's president regularly -- was raided in late October by heavily armed Ministry of Internal Security -LRB- MVD -RRB- police , parliament called for the resignations of the MVD 's head as well as that of the Procurator General .
It did not , but his pose as protector of democracy earned him Georgia 's presidency when that newly independent country descended into civil war .
Everything that Georgians were good at in Soviet times -- small business , crafty and stealthy entrepreneurship , light industry , education , culture -- have been neglected to death by Shevardnadze .
They still revere their country , of course , and want the world to respect it .
A realist in his bones , Putin recognizes Russia 's changed status . But this recognition is not a confession of weakness ; instead , it reflects his clear-sighted analysis of Russia 's current predicament , and of the country 's need to create , recreate , and sustain friendly relations among all of its neighbors if lost influence is to be regained .
Even North Korea 's erratic leader , the hermit Kim Jong Il , who never travels outside his country , has visited Putin twice in recent years .
Kim seemed to reason that , while Russia was no longer Soviet , it retained enough socialist overtones to work with his country .
As a diplomatic practitioner , Putin has learned history 's lessons and is determined not to see his country ringed by enmity .
Instead of Russia 's borders draining his country 's economy , he envisions Russia as a transit point between east and west , and also as an engine of growth for countries in search of the heavy industrial equipment Russia makes .
One Bush has practically succeeded another as America 's president , and the son of Singapore 's founder , Lee Kwan Hew , is to become the country 's premier .
But , like any muddle , it is succeeding only in confusing Russians about themselves and their country .
But how forward-looking is it to model a twenty-first-century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
Despite his insistence on rubbing shoulders with world leaders and portraying himself as a modernizer , Putin , like his predecessors , is in fact a ruler who believes that only authoritarian rule can protect his country from anarchy and disintegration .
Each country thought it was getting an unthreatening mediocrity .
Yet the true test of a ruler is not to pander to his people 's expectations , but to peer into the future and match the country 's aspirations with its needs and capacities .
His monomaniacal drive to centralize power is driving out the very expertise that the country needs to flourish .
But the fact that Russia 's social and economic diseases are going unaddressed has consigned the country to the long-term decline that his presidency was supposed to reverse .
But he stands out from them in this respect : he understood that empire was incompatible with democracy , and so was willing to abandon the Soviet Union in order to try to build a democratic order at home .
Although he opposed America 's use of force against Iraq and Serbia in the 1990 's , his government never formally abandoned the sanctions regime against either country .
Yeltsin 's tragedy , and Russia 's , was that , when the country needed a leader with vision and determination , it found an agile political operator instead .
Back to the Brink in Ukraine The campaign for Ukraine 's parliamentary election of September 30th is scarcely underway and yet Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovich is already trying to steal it .
It is certainly in Russia 's national interest to prevent chaos in the country 's big next door neighbor .
Weak neighbors are states that the Kremlin can control , so why not expand Russian power by letting Ukraine slide into protest and anarchy if by doing so it brings that country back under Putin 's thumb ?
Indeed , Berezovsky intended to continue ruling the country from behind the scenes , first as Yeltsin 's health failed in the final months of his presidency , and then by controlling the successor he had helped to choose .
True , Putin has concentrated in his own hands more decision-making authority than at any time in Russia 's post-Soviet history . But most Russians think he is a great leader , crediting him with taking the country from the bankruptcy and despair of the Yeltsin era to wealth and prosperity in just seven years .
Like their president , most Russians see no contradiction between improving their personal lives and the country 's international status since the 1990 's and the erosion of democratic institutions .
But if Putin , who has spent seven years `` verticalizing '' power in order to restore the stability and pride lost during Yeltsin 's `` democratization '' of Russia , really wanted to secure the good of his country , he would follow in Yeltsin 's footsteps and exit the scene .
Medvedev also coordinated Russia 's interference in the 2004 Ukrainian election , which led to that country 's `` Orange Revolution . ''
But , as predictable as Russia 's undemocratic system of governance usually is , the country does defy expectations once in a while .
Of course , images that recall Hitler 's goose-stepping storm troopers are the last thing that China 's leaders have in mind for their Olympics ; after all , official Chinese nationalism proclaims the country 's `` peaceful rise '' within an idyll of `` harmonious development . ''
China 's rulers see the Olympics as a stage for demonstrating to the world the exceptional vitality of the country they have built over the past three decades .
But now we have returned to an aesthetic of political mesmerization , reflected in the host government 's declared aim that China should win more gold medals than any country before .
Under Khrushchev , however , Solzhenitsyn 's work was used to liberate the country from the grip of Stalinism .
So good did things seem that Russia suddenly discovered that , perhaps for the first time since the early days of the Soviet era , the country actually had some `` soft power . ''
Yes , the Kremlin was able to smack down the uppity Mikheil Saakashvili 's hope of reuniting his country by force . But the world saw in Russia 's onslaught against so puny an antagonist a thuggish state determined to recapture its lost empire .
Capital began to flee the country , which may not have mattered had the world economy not tanked in September .
Nevertheless , Putin is trying to spend his way out of the crisis .
Király , who subscribed to the old codes of military honor -LRB- he would be named a Righteous Gentile at Yad Vashem , Israel 's Holocaust memorial , for the hundreds of Jews he saved by keeping them with his army during WWII -RRB- , saw that very system as the enemy of his country and its liberty .
Buildings , fashions , and even regimes -LRB- at least in name -RRB- may change , but the country 's core , its secret-police-state legacy , is never far from the surface .
Since current Prime Minister Vladimir Putin became Russia 's president in 2000 , the country 's vast energy wealth has become increasingly concentrated in state hands .
So it should be no surprise that Gazprom 's former chairman is now Russia 's president , Dmitry Medvedev , who was replaced by a former KGB general , Valery Golubyev .
After all , it was during the reign of Catherine the Great that the `` Potemkin village '' was invented , whereby the squalor of the lives of Catherine 's serfs was hidden behind cheerfully painted housing façades as the Empress toured her country .
In today 's Russia , the overriding myth is that Putin has presided over a rapidly modernizing country .
I am convinced that no development of a country , no success or ambitions , can be achieved through human grief and losses .
Thus , instead of investing in the energy industry -- the lifeblood of the economy -- in order to reverse declining output , the Kremlin is devoting its energy to a presidential commission to `` counteract attempts to falsify history to the detriment of Russia 's interests . '' This means that the state will decide which interpretations of history should be considered `` true , '' creating endless opportunities for manipulation to serve the agenda of those in power .
It is mind-boggling that an unrepentant , twice-convicted violent felon , a man who had sought to steal a presidential election -- and who advocated a violent crackdown on the men and women peacefully protesting against his electoral fraud -- should be a candidate for any office , let alone the presidency of a country of nearly 50 million people .
She carved out a successful business career in the rough and tumble of the post-Soviet gas industry .
Ukraine 's international reserves are a reassuring $ 26 billion , roughly one-quarter of the country 's GDP .
Across the centuries , there have been wars , started by both sides , and partitions of Poland executed by the Russians , followed by attempts at `` Russification , '' with the Russian Christian Orthodox Empire trying to control the `` silver-tongued , '' `` deceptive , '' West European-oriented Catholic Poland .
Because the Polish leaders refused to exonerate the Russians , Stalin accused the Poles of collaborating with the Germans in trying to shift the blame for Nazi crimes onto Russians .
Anatoly Chubais , the father of Russian privatization in the 1990 's and the current head of the country 's nano-technology conglomerate RosNano , recently admitted that the prospects for political modernization in Russia are dim .
The opposition -- led by Boris Nemtsov , the former leader of the now-defunct Union of Right Forces , Mikhail Kasyanov , a former prime minister , chess master Garry Kasparov , and the writer Edward Limonov -- has no coherent message with which to win support or provide a credible alternative to the country 's current leadership .
To be sure , such initiatives have not become substantial , and the political opposition is constantly trying to appropriate them to make their own case more credible .
But it is these people -- motorists , volunteer ecologists , and charitable-campaign organizers -- rather than Russia 's politicians who represent the country 's best hope for modernization .
Such a rivalry , Medvedev implied , would damage the country 's well-being and image .
Then a very popular leader -- he restored to Russia its self-regard as a global power through deft use of the country 's control of a large share of the world 's supply of oil and gas at a time of limited availability -- he would have won hands down .
Power in Russia is a product of inertia and personal willfulness , and a generally apathetic public has traditionally surrendered to the country 's paradox of tyranny : a weak state believes that it can function as a strong state by depriving citizens of basic liberties and the ability to make their own decisions .
The only freedom Russians have left is to devise bitter jokes that tap the country 's rich historical stores of political pathology .
Indeed , Russia 's elites know that things are going wrong , and are voting the only way they can -- with their feet and by bank transfer , moving their families and their wealth out of the country .
You expect nothing . You can only keep trying , keep pushing .
Then you try some more , in a different way , aiming all the while for some small progress that makes the next step possible .
I myself was born at home , in a small village in the Korean countryside .
That epidemic has spread to all ten departments of the country , as well as to the capital , Port au Prince .
The Haitian Ministry of Public Health reports that the number of deaths is approaching 2,000 , with the number of infections exceeding 80,000 .
The recent elections were a milestone in the country 's long and very hard road .
No single country or group , however powerful , can deal with them alone .
In Libya , we are deploying a new UN support mission to assist the country 's transitional authorities in establishing a new government and legal order , consistent with the aspirations of the Libyan people .
With the help of many countries and friends , my country was able to get back on its feet and carry on after that terrible and devastating conflict .
You may imagine , then , the powerful memories that I felt when I visited the Mwandama Millennium Village in the deeply impoverished southern African country of Malawi .
I think of it as seed money for a wholesale reconfiguration of global industry .
In Germany , environmental technology is expected to quadruple over the coming years , reaching 16 % of manufacturing output by 2030 and employing more people than the auto industry .
Mexico already employs 1.5 million people to plant and manage the country 's forests .
Also in September , countries that have signed the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test Ban Treaty -LRB- CTBT -RRB- will meet at the UN to consider ways to promote its early entry into force . North Korea 's nuclear tests , its missile launches and its threats of further provocation lend new urgency to this cause .
Nowadays , the impact of disease in one country is ultimately felt by all .
Although more attention is being given to gender issues , inequality persists in every culture , country , and continent .
Though women have the right to vote in almost every country , gender inequalities in political representation remain large .
In 2004 , the European Union , the United States , and a good part of the international community invested considerable energy in trying to resolve the conflict once and for all .
But no country has the luxury of choosing its neighbors .
However , trying to paint our carefully constructed foreign-policy initiatives with imperialist overtones is not only a stark mispresentation , but also does gross injustice to our well-intentioned efforts to stabilize our region .
EU-driven reforms have changed the political landscape in Turkey dramatically , but the transformation toward liberal democracy is far from complete , as the country 's current bout of political instability and its prime minister 's not infrequent populist outbursts suggest .
Revitalizing EU membership talks is the only way to reconstitute trust between the government , liberals , and the secular establishment , and in turn reinvigorate the reform process in the country .
This is not a surprise to someone like me , having been actively involved in my country 's transition from communism to a free society and market economy .
In September 2006 , Serbia 's Ministry of Labor , Education , and Social Affairs made it official policy to integrate into society thousands of people who had been locked away in Dickensian state institutions because they have a mental disability .
The policy change aimed at rectifying this grim reality in Serbia came when the Ministry agreed to apply country wide a pilot project that has , since 2003 , established a range of community-based support services to enable persons with intellectual disabilities to leave the institutions where they were confined and begin living lives in the wider world .
Based upon the project 's success , the Ministry has committed to purchase more than 130 apartments and homes to house people brought out of institutions and to establish day services to help them cope with the complexities of life beyond the walls that once confined them .
To Serbia 's credit , the Ministry made its policy decision knowing that the change would require belt-tightening elsewhere in its budget , but it took the action because it concluded that protecting human rights was more important than saving a few dinars .
Instead of focusing on treatment that works , the Polish government chooses to give priority to long-term rehabilitation centers located in the depths of the countryside that have little , if anything , to do with evidence-based medicine .
The country has plowed some of its oil money into increasing its contributions to the BEAC , and now reportedly provides 48 % of CEMAC 's foreign-currency reserves .
That feeling had been growing in the country for some time .
But after Koizumi left office , Japan 's prime ministers -- Shinzo Abe , Yasuo Fukuda , and Taro Aso -- came and went so swiftly that our country 's leadership came to seem like a `` soup du jour . ''
For example , Yoshito Sengoku , Minister of State for Government Revitalization , was once a member of Shaseidou , a left-wing youth group that is reflexively anti-American , as was Hirotaka Akamatsu , Minister of Agriculture , Forestry , and Fisheries .
As a result , Hatoyama 's administration seems to be trying to emulate South Korea 's former Roh Moo-hyun administration , which foolishly sought to distance that country from its main defensive partner , the US .
Even before the trawler incident , China was trying to regulate rare-earths , defining them as a strategic resource .
Chinese officials say that concern over the overexploitation and illicit export of rare earths prompted them to regulate the industry more closely .
Vietnam 's strategic position -- as a neighbor of China , situated parallel to the great sea trade routes of Asia -- always made the country tremendously important , which may be one reason why its anti-colonial wars lasted so long .
Indeed , in recent months the country has played a pivotal role in helping to establish Asia 's emerging security order .
Vietnam 's emergence as a central player in Asian affairs should not be surprising , for the country was the catalyst of perhaps the key turning point in modern Asian history .
Within months of the war 's end , indeed , Deng initiated the reforms that have since transformed his country .
An agricultural miracle has transformed a country of nearly 90 million people who were once barely able to feed themselves into a global food-exporting powerhouse .
Some view the bombardment of South Korea 's Yeonpyeong Island as a bid to divert North Koreans ' attention from their country 's collapsing economy , or perhaps from the approaching death of their `` Dear Leader , '' Kim Jong-il , or to create a synthetic reputation as a military leader for Kim 's son and intended heir , the 27-year-old -LRB- or so -RRB- `` Young General , '' Kim Jong-un .
And , because the affected regions were already suffering from depopulation and rapid aging -- problems typical of much of today 's Japan -- recovery will require a new rural-development program that moves the country away from its Tokyo-centric economic model .
The first country to send a rescue team to Japan , however , was Taiwan -LRB- which also was the largest single provider of donations , amounting to ¥ 20 billion -RRB- .
One is the beginning of the end of the nearly decade-long struggle in Afghanistan -- the longest war in United States history -- with President Barack Obama announcing the withdrawal of 30,000 US troops from the country by next summer .
America did , indeed , turn inward following the fall of Saigon , and its neglect of Afghanistan following the Soviet withdrawal in 1989 led to chaos and Al Qaeda 's near-takeover of the country .
Suzuki has a market share of 55.6 % in the compact and mid-size car market in India , whose middle class , car purchasing public , accounts for 200-300 million of the country 's 1.15 billion people .
In South Korea , the remarkable Park Guen-hye 's bid to become her country 's first woman president may provide an excuse -- as if any were needed -- for North Korean mischief-making .
The DPP has long been the Taiwanese party keenest on securing independence for the country .
Sein 's government has also listened to Burmese public disquiet at China 's massive influence in the country , and has canceled a huge $ 3.6 billion dam that Chinese firms were building .
Japan is no different from other countries in witnessing such disputes over taxes . What is different is that , given the extent of the country 's fiscal problems , the government still continues to think of taxes only in partisan terms .
The country has laws on the books to handle the matter . They simply need to be enforced .
What is needed , and badly , is a nonpartisan body to find a sustainable way to pay for the country 's social security programs .
The country simply can not keep on piling debt upon debt .
To stop the country 's fiscal rot , Japan must achieve a consensus on the type of social services that national and local governments should offer , for how long , and at what cost .
Securing Japan 's fiscal health , as well as the physical health of its people , is the most urgent issue the country has faced in half-a-century .
The world watches and wonders whether China will follow Japan 's path and emerge as a fully modern yet peacefully inclined country .
The Chinese navy , it is now believed , is trying to achieve that very aim .
Instead of overseeing the government 's management of the outbreak , Hirotaka Akamatsu , the minister of agriculture , forestry , and fishing , took a long trip to Cuba to meet Raúl Castro -- a very strange decision given strained US-Japan relations .
That Japan had nothing to offer Thailand in its moment of turmoil is testimony to how irrelevant Hatoyama 's leadership had made the country .
In Asia , the hope today is that Clinton 's visit will enable China 's rulers to understand that it is primarily in Asia that their country 's overall international role is being tested and shaped .
Although rarely seen or heard , Kim Kyong-hui , born on May 30 , 1946 to Kim Il-sung and his first wife Kim Jong-suk , has served in a range of key Workers ' Party positions , including deputy director of the International Department and director of the Light Industry Department .
Indeed , in a country where trust rarely exists , Kim Kyong-hui is the only blood relation whom Kim Jong-il has ever fully trusted .
The EU is Missing in Action in Afghanistan The withdrawal of Britain 's Paddy Ashdown as a candidate for the post of UN envoy in Afghanistan means that the international community still has some way to go before it speaks with one voice in that country .
Afghanistan remains the world 's fifth poorest country and its biggest opium producer , with a weak central state that is further debilitated by warlordism and the Taliban insurgency .
EU states command a third of all Provincial Reconstruction Teams -LRB- PRTs -RRB- , and , together with the European Commission , have paid for a third of the country 's post-2001 reconstruction .
Apart from 1,500 Dutch soldiers in the neighboring Uruzgan province and a Polish and Romanian presence in Ghazni , Paktika , and Zabul , no other EU nations are willing to operate in the insurgency-ridden southern and eastern parts of the country , giving the Taliban free reign .
BUENOS AIRES -- Argentina is a curious country .
The country 's unprecedentedly solid fiscal results are accompanied by foreign-trade surpluses that are the envy of even the world 's most fiscally solvent countries .
Indeed , Argentina 's sharp rebound has generated a huge accumulation of foreign reserves for the country .
Robust economic growth , driven by high international commodity prices , has underpinned record-high tax revenues and , after eight years of generally very prosperous trade , the country 's corporate sector is in better health than ever before .
In a country with one of the worst histories of economic crisis and volatility , fears of a new meltdown are growing , and investors have been dollarizing their portfolios in order to protect their capital .
Over the past three years , $ 52 billion in capital has fled the country .
Opening negotiations with the Paris Club over the debts that the country renounced in 2002 , and appealing to the International Monetary Fund for technical assistance to give credibility and transparency to official statistics , would contribute to normalizing access to international credit markets .
As long as US policy supported stable prices in world markets , the system worked well , notwithstanding the asymmetry and built-in conflict over the control of monetary policy .
For example , our understanding of electromagnetic force , developed mostly in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries , gave rise to today 's breathtaking developments in telecommunications , computers , chemistry , and material sciences .
Russia is as vulnerable as any country to such blackmail .
Otherwise Russia may look like a country whose main interest is in maintaining an option where all of America is vulnerable to nuclear blackmail .
Putin promises Russians not only restoration of the country 's Great Power status , but also European living standards .
To understand this mixture , imagine a rainy election day in an unnamed country , and that almost three-quarters of the ballots are returned blank .
True , faced with the choice of keeping the constitutional name of their country or compromising with Greece for the benefit of joining the Union , Macedonians are sticking to their guns .
It is clear that if the region 's citizens are to have any realistic hope of a better life and political stability , it will be related to their country 's EU prospects .
Rather than buckling to France 's will , the Romanian president warned French leaders to stop lecturing his country .
The Netherlands -- a traditionally pro-European country -- also may vote No on the Constitution in its own referendum -LRB- which takes place after the French one -RRB- -- not only as a protest against the conservative and moralistic policies of the Balkenende government , but as a rejection of a corporatist Europe dominated by French and German interests .
`` What prospects would there be for constructive talks with Turkey , or progress towards entry of the Balkan states if the French electorate turned its back on the EU ? '' asks Philip Stephens in The Financial Times .
France is not the only EU country with an unpopular leader .
Rather than buckle to France 's will , however , the Romanian president warned France 's leaders to stop lecturing his country -- a sure sign that French influence is on the wane even in countries with which it has had close historical ties .
Maroni 's nostalgia for the lira is little more than a transparent -- and irresponsible -- election ploy by Italy 's Northern League , an attempt to divert blame for the country 's present economic troubles onto Romano Prodi , former EU Commission president and center left candidate in the forthcoming general elections .
Unlike the French , however , the Dutch have not been euro bashers even though , as a medium sized country , the Netherlands do have some legitimate grievances against the EU -- namely , how the so-called `` Stability Pact '' to control fiscal deficits is being enforced .
The good news for Europe is that the big country politicians -- Schroeder in Germany , Chirac in France and Silvio Berlusconi in Italy -- all are on the way out .
Unfortunately , Merkel 's campaign is off to a rocky start , and the recent entry of Oskar Lafontaine 's extreme left-wing party into the fray may necessitate the formation of a grand coalition between the Christian Democrats and the Social Democrats .
True , no European country worth its salt would ever allow its citizens to fall into such dire poverty that they literally could not escape from their homes in the face of a natural disaster .
The ECB 's paltry rate hike in December , together with the supine promise of no plans for further monetary tightening , demonstrates that Trichet is no Duisenberg .
The New Year provides a perfect opportunity for Jean-Claude Trichet to resolve that , despite the more trying circumstances in which he must operate , his own policies and procedures will more faithfully reflect Duisenberg and his legacy .
Today , a totally rehabilitated Germany is as thoroughly European and democratic as any other EU nation -- indeed , under the leadership of Angela Merkel , Germany has earned its place as Europe 's most important country .
Thus , when José Zapatero and the Socialists took control of Spain 's government from the conservatives , the country 's foreign policy changed from supporting the Americans in Iraq to opposing them .
-LRB- But , interestingly , the switch from Silvio Berlusconi to Romano Prodi in Italy is having a less dramatic effect on Italy 's foreign policy because of the country 's greater defense dependence on the US . -RRB-
Chaos in Iraq has empowered Iran -- a much more dangerous country for Europe than Iraq ever was .
In a recent speech to the French defense industry , Sarkozy conspicuously failed to repeat the pledge , instead warning that he soon might cut France 's defense budget .
According to a respected defense industry publication , Sarkozy changed his mind after his party 's smaller-than-anticipated victory in June 's parliamentary election .
Fifty years of defense dependence on the US has created a powerful `` peace industry '' in Europe whose primary business is to fight defense spending tooth and nail .
The country 's `` new nationalism '' will end in tears for both Germany and Europe .
Even though the big countries are trying to marginalize them at almost every turn , the small countries can not unite to fight the common enemy .
It is simple , clear and thus attractive , although they do try to avoid populist temptations .
Today , this reserve army of peasants is creating the most serious political conflicts seen in Poland since communism 's fall as the country seeks membership in the European Union .
But there is interest in the Netherlands , and some Poles bizarrely suspect the Dutch of wanting to take over the country .
Yet everyone thinks that the country 's independence will be lost in an instant when farms can be sold to other Europeans , a condition of EU membership .
If national pride demands eternal Polish ownership of Polish land , and thus scuttles membership in the EU , Poland will be condemned to a future as a kind of a gigantic museum of the peasantry .
The only country that with some , albeit very doubtful , success , introduced such economic devices was Salazar 's Portugal .
The EU wants to avoid another Cyprus , where a candidate country partly occupies a member country .
Republika Srpska would seek to leave Bosnia-Herzegovina and join Serbia , they say , and northern Macedonia would try to join Albania .
Beyond the economy , Lee has been faced with charges of appointing officials with questionable ethics and of heavy-handed leadership -LRB- his nickname is `` Bulldozer '' -RRB- , which is reflected in efforts to push through a controversial cross-country canal system and an unpopular proposal to privatize the healthcare system .
After North Korea threatened to restart its nuclear facility at Yongbyon , the Bush administration in early October removed the country from its terrorism blacklist .
While trying to build on the limited progress of recent years , they will have to confront a number of additional obstacles in building a cohesive and sustainable peace on the Korean Peninsula .
Accordingly , if tougher sanctions prove to be useful , they will do so by confronting Iran with a united diplomatic front , thereby encouraging its government to make a deal in order to end the country 's isolation .
The fire spread so fast that by the time Arab leaders understood what it would consume , it was beyond anyone 's control , and in more than one country .
Just before the Iranian Revolution of 1979 , a CIA report characterized the Iranian monarchy as an `` island of stability . '' A month before the Russian Revolution of February 1917 , Lenin predicted that his country 's great explosion lay in the distant future .
Attempts to reconcile the parties began in Gaza , before moving to Cairo , Damascus , and finally Mecca under the supervision of Saudi King Abdullah , whose country has been a financial backer of the Palestinians for decades .
The major stumbling block for the world in trying to relieve the suffering in Gaza is how to finesse the biggest bloc in the Palestinian Legislative Council , Ismael Hanieh 's Islamist list of Reform and Change .
The US has also opposed Israel 's unilateral annexation of East Jerusalem , and -- along with every country on the planet -- refused to recognize the application of Israeli law to residents of East Jerusalem .
Its just concluded sixth congress was held for the first time in the occupied territories , which meant that former guerrillas from Lebanon and Jordan were allowed entry by Israel .
On January 5 , 2007 , the day Prime Minister Ehud Olmert met with US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to discuss a new round of talks , the Israeli Construction and Housing Ministry issued a tender for the construction of more units in Ma'ale Adumim , an exclusively Jewish settlement in the occupied West Bank .
If the proximity talks are replaced with direct talks in which the US is not physically inside the negotiating room , there is no guarantee that the stronger partner will not try to bully the weaker one .
Pulling away from dictators without trying to take credit for or hijack the revolt was exactly what was required .
It might also try , within the General Assembly , to invoke the rarely used Uniting for Peace resolution -LRB- the last time was against South Africa 's apartheid regime -RRB- .
As it struggles to form a government for the Palestinian territories , Hamas seems to be clutching to the Biblical verses in Ecclesiasties rather than the desires of the Quartet -LRB- the United States , Russia , the European Union , and the United Nations -RRB- charged with trying to bridge the Israeli-Palestinian divide .
Moreover , Hamas , like most Palestinians , is trying to evaluate the best way forward in the peace process .
The guests that Faisal Qassem brought to the Doha studios -LRB- or via satellite -RRB- included people from the same Arab country or region but representing completely opposing points of view .
Malaysia 's Opposition Reborn In Malaysia 's recent elections , opposition parties managed their strongest showing since the country gained its independence from Britain in 1957 , cutting the ruling coalition 's parliamentary majority to below two-thirds .
Where the country 's newly invigorated democracy goes from here rests with one man , Anwar Ibrahim , the deputy prime minister sacked by former premier Mahathir Mohamad and later jailed .
That said , it is also likely that the UMNO , in its hour of crisis , will try to recruit Anwar .
EU leaders lament Ukraine 's political divisions and slow pace of reform , and the country 's leaders need to address these criticisms .
Reform of a country 's political and economic institutions and its accession to the EU and NATO usually go hand in hand , because the prospect of membership makes painful decisions electorally acceptable .
Comparing the human losses of Finland and Estonia throughout the 20 ` th century , it is clear that trying to avoid conflict and accepting paper guarantees imposed greater losses in percentage terms on us than on Finland .
To deny a country the freedom to choose its alliances on the basis of geography and history creates a security vacuum .
To be sure , every country places some limits on speech .
Brazil is a large , pluralist , multi-ethnic country .
The World Bank Group , together with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime , is working on the Stolen Asset Recovery -LRB- StAR -RRB- initiative to go after corrupt gains and help spur action to return looted assets to their legitimate owners : the people in the affected developing country .
Of course , the precise path is different for each country , as some are under market pressure and have no choice , while others have more space .
But what still needs to be explained is the timing of Japan 's boom and bust over the last 15 years , as well as the reasons for the duration of the country 's ongoing slump .
So another group had to be found to manage the country : a meritocratic bureaucracy , whose members are largely recruited from the law department of Tokyo University -LRB- Todai -RRB- .
Thus , continuing pain seems likely for ordinary Japanese , whose thrift and productivity ensured that the country rose like a phoenix from its wartime destruction .
The country 's Hindu nationalists unleashed the latest furor over the nature of India 's past .
He and Premier Wen Jiabao -- often called a latter-day Zhou Enlai for his administrative abilities and willingness to play second fiddle -- rolled out one impressive slogan after another : `` Put people first , '' `` Run the country according to law , '' `` Render the media closer to the people , '' and `` Make government transparent . ''
Not only has Hu 's administration failed to protect the rights of the poor and the oppressed , but police and government-hired thugs now frequently harass lawyers and other activists who lobby on behalf of the country 's dispossessed .
A Doha agreement would greatly reduce rich-world subsidies , which have stymied the developing world 's production capacity , and have pushed developing-country producers completely out of the market for certain commodities .
Now Ukraine 's people may face a similar test after supporters of Viktor Yanukovich threatened to seek autonomy should the rightful winner of the country 's presidential vote , Viktor Yushchenko , actually become president .
One of those gains was my country , Lithuania , whose incorporation into Stalin 's empire was accompanied by countless tragedies .
With over a million copies in print , the manual is known as the bible of American psychiatry ; certainly it is an invoked chapter and verse in schools , prisons , courts , and by mental-health professionals around the world .
The interest and expertise of the task force was limited to one branch of psychiatry : neuropsychiatry .
Failure to reform psychiatry will be disastrous for public health .
If the history of psychiatry is any guide , a new class of medication will soon be touted to treat them .
The Frente Amplio -LRB- FA -RRB- brings together nearly all the country 's left-wing groups and has the loyal support of labor unions .
The sudden death in late December of Saparmurat Niyazov , Turkmenistan 's authoritarian president-for-life who declared himself `` Turkmenbashi '' -LRB- Leader of all Turkmens -RRB- , jeopardizes stability in a country that is an increasingly important supplier of energy to Europe .
Much of this Caspian oil is in Kazakhstan , giving that country a critical role in the regional energy market .
Moreover , Kazakhstan 's strategic importance has increased as a result of recent revelations that the country 's Kashagan oil field will produce 25 % more than initially expected at peak production .
This is true even in Poland , which is the most pro-American country in the region .
Many Ukrainians feel that the US -- indeed , most of the West -- has given up on their country .
The gas agreement , moreover , undermines Ukraine 's incentive to reform its inefficient and corrupt energy sector , and commits the country to buy more gas in subsequent years than it may need .
If a country 's monetary policy can not be trusted , the best remedy , this logic suggests , is to limit or eliminate its capacity to have one . Yet the hard-money cure can not withstand scrutiny .
Likewise , country risk for Brazil diminished after it floated the Real at the beginning of 1999 .
In April 2002 , violent demonstrations known as the `` water war '' in Bolivia forced President Hugo Bánzer to cancel the contract with the only international corporation interested in taking on the most ambitious water project ever proposed in the country .
As the two sides collide , the country suffers : the outcome of the water war has meant that the poor still use the same dirty and expensive water , while the result of the gas war could mean that we remain without new export revenues .
Bolivia needs leaders who can move the country beyond social wars that translate into stagnation .
This was easily accomplished , given Bolivia 's memory of its losses : the loss of its seacoast to Chile in the War of the Pacific in 1879 , of coca crops to the US eradication program , and the country 's mineral wealth to transnational corporations .
Ample evidence demonstrates that no country has ever been able to develop a strong and fair economy based on mineral or oil exports .
At least Russian president Vladimir Putin had the decency to honor the form of his country 's constitution when he recently promised to step down and run for parliament .
Second , although caudillismo personalizes politics , it depends less on the characteristics of the caudillo than on the social , political , and economic conditions of the country in which caudillismo takes root .
The weaker a country 's institutions , the more evident the inequalities , and the more concentrated the economic resources , the greater the caudillo 's powers will be .
A decline in extreme poverty and inequality , and the creation of trustworthy institutions , can be achieved in the country 's beguiled by caudillismo only if the caudillo loses control of the wealth that sustains his rule .
But his immense popularity over the past five years suggests that most Bolivians do not seem very worried in putting their country 's democracy at risk .
The division of the country into municipalities transferred tax resources and decision-making capabilities to communities , thereby enabling agricultural unions to control several towns and assume management responsibilities .
Two other factors that made Morales 's rise possible were the revival of Bolivia 's oil industry and the creation of mechanisms for distributing the income that oil produces .
This money is distributed automatically to local governments , according to the model established by Morales 's predecessors , carrying resources to the farthest reaches of the country .
His plan to exploit and industrialize the country 's gas fields remains just a promise .
Faced with 11 % annual price growth and mounting complaints from the country 's worst-affected sectors , Morales promises change , but delays decisions , leaving in place the policies that are stoking the problem .
None of the new state-owned factories -LRB- paper , cardboard , milk , urea , cement , textiles , and citric products -RRB- created in recent years is fully up and running , and nationalized companies -LRB- particularly the country 's oil refineries -RRB- have experienced declines in output and efficiency .
Their efforts forced Evo to ban road construction through the park , part of a project financed by Brazil and backed by that country 's former president , Luiz Ignácio Lula da Silva .
Government spending is using up a large share of the country 's export revenues .
The Swedish government responded with indifference , and worse : when the country 's ambassador to Israel put up a note on the embassy 's Web site distancing Sweden from such appalling calumnies , her enraged superiors in Stockholm ordered her to take it down .
While all manifestations of intolerance against Muslims must be firmly resisted , it is also vital to recognize the danger that some Muslim immigrants have brought with them from their home cultures : extreme forms of bigotry against Jews and Israel .
A third layer of this problem is the increasingly symbiotic alliance between radical Islamist groups in Sweden and a left that has departed from the honorable social-democratic traditions for which the country is famous around the world .
Even a tolerant country such as Sweden must not tolerate those who preach intolerance .
Physics , once the subject most dependent on mathematics , provides knowledge about the structure of atoms , and the use of mathematics there has now spread to chemistry and biology .
Essentially all phenomena in chemistry find explanations in the quantum atom , while chemistry and physics undergird molecular biology , which , since the discovery of DNA in the 1950s , dominates modern biology .
All other sciences -- geology , astronomy , neuroscience , oceanography , and myriad hyphenated subjects -- depend upon overlapping combinations of biology , chemistry , and physics .
In America , the requirement is usually for three years of science study , and , today , most U.S. students take science in this order : biology , chemistry , physics .
Tenth-grade chemistry makes use of ninth-grade physics , deepening and enriching the student 's grasp , but no basic chemical or biological principles are required for ninth-grade physics .
Instead , qualitative applications of physics to chemistry and biology heighten interest and emphasize the connections .
Chemistry is largely a study of molecules , and when they are complex , there is the mysterious transition to life and biology .
The sequence Physics-Chemistry-Biology implies that continuous collegial professional development for teachers is essential .
The artificial tanning industry promises that ultraviolet radiation from their machines causes less damage than natural sunlight . But in both cases , a tan is the body 's response to injury .
But the difficulties of educating the public about the causes of skin cancer do not diminish our obligation to try .
While pseudoscience and the anti-aging industry represent an important source of potential misinformation , the Internet often provides damaging false information as well .
Until the tanning industry chooses to police itself , customers should eschew the bulbs and pursue the spray : wear an artificial tan .
Moreover , although Bush has given mainly national security reasons for his seeming change of heart , America 's federal system , helps the country get around even a roadblock as powerful as the president , as `` localism '' promotes eco-political initiatives at the state level and even within municipalities .
Aside from a humanitarian crisis , with thousands drowning each year trying to reach Europe and thousands more detained , there is the soaring expense of border controls and bureaucracy , a criminalized people-smuggling industry , and an expanding shadow economy , where illegal migrants are vulnerable to exploitation , labor laws are broken and taxes go unpaid .
Spain has admitted more immigrants in recent years than any other European country , yet its unemployment rate continues to fall ; Britain , Ireland , and Sweden still have low unemployment after opening their labor markets to the Poles and other new EU members in 2004 .
Between 2000 and 2010 , 700 million young people will enter developing country labor markets , more than the entire labor force of today 's industrial world . The situation of Indonesia is revealing .
So today 's entry barriers , particularly in Europe , will produce ever-increasing waves of illegal immigration , with all the crime , corruption , and suffering that this implies . -LRB- Money to be made from the illegal traffic in people , by some estimates , already outstrips the profits of the illegal drug trade . -RRB-
Indeed , Japan 's current growth is being driven overwhelmingly by trade with China - a country with only one-thirtieth of Japan per capita GDP !
Today , the Japanese must open up their country themselves .
In an already fragile region , a major Arab country like Iraq would most likely prompt interventions by its nervous neighbors - of which there is no shortage - if it turns into a failed state .
In country after country -- France , Britain , Germany , New Zealand , and elsewhere -- farmers and ecologists jointly oppose , and sometimes sabotage , trials of GM crops .
The collapse in 1940 revealed the fragility of France 's democracy and its loss of confidence in the country 's capacity to face outside threats .
Moreover , Russia is trying to build a relationship of `` asymmetric interdependence '' with the EU .
No Arab ruler can claim a mass following outside his country of the sort that Gamel Nasser , the Egyptian president who was also the acknowledged leader of pan-Arab aspirations , once did .
Yet it makes clear the basic philosophy of `` Kemalism '' -LRB- the ruling ideas of Kemal Ataturk -RRB- which say that to survive and prosper a country must become part of modern civilization , accepting much of what is distinctively western , including equal rights for women , teaching modern science , and disestablishing religion so that it no longer plays a part in government or the legal process .
The Turks disavow any desire to play a missionary role . They do n't try to bring Kemalism to others , but they do set an example , which others admire and imitate .
They still try to involve outside powers in their affairs because -- after two hundred years of colonial and ideological occupation -- they have lost the habit of deciding for themselves . Everyone , that is , save the Turks and Iranians , who never lost their independence .
A nuclear-armed India is another country with potential for a Middle East role .
On taking office , Russia 's new president , Dmitry Medvedev , should order an independent review process to help end the country 's pattern of stigmatizing and discriminating against people with disabilities .
Namibia 's government , for example , while recognizing that the country will never build a strong industrial base , takes a clear , balanced , and determined approach to attracting , and getting the most out of , multinational corporations .
The Ministry of Trade and Industry established a sensible incentive scheme for export-oriented investment and a black empowerment program that encourages investors to help the previously neglected workforce .
The NamDeb mining corporation , a joint venture between the government and De Beers , dominates the industry .
Enter Smicor , a subsidiary of Israel 's Leviev group that currently produces only a small proportion of the country 's diamond output but wants more exploration licenses .
With their distribution power and detailed knowledge of the market , multinational companies ' influence could surely be leveraged to address many development problems , regardless of a country 's political or economic legacy .
It is no secret that Britain 's Ministry for Defense is facing a funding crisis .
All other expenses `` lie where they fall '' : the more troops and equipment a country contributes to a mission , the more it ends up paying .
NATO has been trying for years -- without success -- to get its member states to spend the required 2 % of GDP on defense .
Wen Jiabao wrote recently in Sichuan that `` more hardship will arouse the country , '' evidently believing that the Chinese may still need to suffer further in order to realize political progress .
But it is nonetheless real progress , indicating the growing influence of the Chinese media and pointing to China 's becoming a country of `` free expression '' .
But is it wise for EU and NATO members to enhance the capacity of non-allies to project their military power ? After all , only two and a half years ago , Russia invaded Georgia , a country that NATO had named as a potential future member , and has occupied part of it ever since .
Decisions taken by a NATO country can have implications for other allies .
President Yoweri Museveni , who is widely credited for integrating Uganda into world markets , has said that globalization is `` the same old order with new means of control , new means of oppression , new means of marginalization '' by rich countries seeking to secure access to developing country markets .
By contrast , if a country attempts to defy its comparative advantage , such as by adopting an import-substitution strategy to pursue the development of capital-intensive or high-tech industries in a capital-scarce economy , the government may resort to distortional subsidies and protections that dampen economic performance .
To pursue its comparative advantage and prosper in a globalized world , a country needs a price system that reflects the relative abundance of its factor endowments .
Pursuing its comparative advantage strengthens a country 's resilience to crisis and allows for the rapid accumulation of human and physical capital .
In Ecuador , a country that is now a successful exporter of cut flowers , farmers would not grow flowers decades ago because there was no modern cooling facility near the airport , and private firms would not invest in such facilities without a supply of flowers for export .
As part of this process , a facilitating role for the state is desirable in developing and developed economies alike , although the appropriate role may be different depending on a country 's stage of development .
Given that industrial policy broadly refers to any government decision , regulation , or law that encourages ongoing activity or investment in an industry , this should come as no surprise .
These pervasive failures appear to be due mostly to governments ' inability to align their efforts with their country 's resource base and level of development .
Thus , the lesson from economic history and development is straightforward : government support aimed at upgrading and diversifying industry must be anchored in the requisite endowments .
For developing countries , Célestin Monga and I have recently developed an approach -- called the growth identification and facilitation framework -- that can help developing-country governments increase the probability of success in supporting new industries .
If domestic private firms in these sectors are already present , policymakers should identify and remove constraints on those firms ' technological upgrading or on entry by other firms .
In countries with a poor business environment , special economic zones or industrial parks can facilitate firm entry , foreign direct investment , and the formation of industrial clusters .
Reducing this tension over ownership of firms and assets is imperative , because the entry and expansion of small private companies will be increasingly important when China 's domestic markets and domestic innovation need to play a greater role .
By shifting to a less resource-dependent development strategy , more resources would be available for improvements in the country 's much neglected social arrangements , particularly among rural citizens and `` urban outsiders '' -LRB- individuals in informal urban sectors -RRB- .
During this century-long period , Sweden moved from being one of the poorest western countries to being the third richest country in terms of GDP per capita .
In other words , Sweden became a rich country before its highly generous welfare-state arrangements were created .
The removal of capital-market regulations and foreign-exchange controls in the late 1980 's , and Sweden 's entry into the EU in the early 1990 's , signaled a new era -- the embryo of a third Swedish model .
As it is , the valuation of a country 's currency is not so much determined by the performance of its economy as by the forces of supply and demand on foreign-exchange markets .
If exchange rates were fixed but capital could move freely , capital flight from the country would generate pressures to end loose monetary policies .
The debate over how to value the yuan is at the heart of the two-year struggle by the country 's policymakers to slow down China 's overheating economy .
His `` Democratic Security '' policy now seems to have definitively turned the tables in the country 's fight against the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia -LRB- FARC -RRB- , which have seen their leaders killed and their hostages freed .
This would not be catastrophic per se , but amending the constitution again to favor one of the players would undermine the country 's relatively deep political institutionalization -- one of the factors that has helped attract foreign investors .
Although the FARC 's capabilities have been seriously degraded over the last six years , and its geographical dispersion has shifted away from the main population centers , a series of high-profile attacks against business and civilian targets in the main cities would suffice to shatter the impression of security in the country .
If Uribe stands down , whoever succeeds him will probably maintain most of his policies and continue to work toward improving security in the country .
Perestroika turned the country into one big public space .
MOSCOW -- The emergence of a Kremlin leader , President Dmitri Medvedev , without a KGB background , combined with the economic crisis , has inspired talk that when Barack Obama visits Moscow , America 's president will be seeing a country on the verge of a new political thaw , a revived perestroika .
Russians may be concerned by growing unemployment and reduced incomes , but this is not manifesting itself in any drive to organize or try to effect political change .
The use of online social networks , for example , has grown faster than in any other country in Europe , and has helped create some semblance of a public sphere , with the Russian blogosphere often a venue for angry public expression about social injustice , undeserved privileges , lawlessness , and police impunity .
Unlike political groups , which attract very limited public support , socioeconomic demands have repeatedly brought together thousands of people in various parts of the country .
In contrast to the Clinton era , under Bush the US Treasury Secretary was closer to industry than to banks , and so America 's response to Argentina 's default was notably more tolerant than probably would have been true had it occurred during the Clinton administration .
But Deng chose real reform and real change , appealing to overseas Chinese , whom the Party had demonized for many years , to bet on the country 's future and invest .
Any realistic agenda for change in Cuba inexorably requires opening up to the world , along with ensuring full freedom within the country .
Unfortunately , the Sixth Congress demonstrated that the Cuban Communist Party remains in denial about the country 's prospects and options .
Pollution from Hong Kong 's own power generation plants , growing number of vehicles , and burgeoning shipping industry can certainly be reduced .
Nothing is more necessary in a country that , according to the United Nations Development Program , contains 16 of the world 's 20 most polluted cities .
When the Ministry of Health guarantees to provide a medical intervention , private providers must do the same .
It is difficult to prescribe an approach for a single country , let alone all of Latin America and the Caribbean .
Well , it 's technically true that there is a link between the chemicals and illness , but the risk is miniscule in any well-regulated country .
I try to put them in perspective and figure out which ones really should concern us , and when we should act on them .
One common argument is that governments should protect biodiversity because of its untapped potential for the pharmaceutical industry .
In Peru , logistics costs represent 34 % of the value of the country 's products .
Each country could create a council that represents public bodies -LRB- transportation , public works , customs -RRB- and major users -LRB- exporters and logistics companies -RRB- that must work together to identify ways to reduce logistics costs .
Bricks , concrete , and asphalt -- the building blocks from which cities are made -- absorb much more heat from the sun than vegetation does in the countryside .
Beijing is roughly 10 ° C hotter than the nearby countryside in the daytime and 5.5 ° C warmer at night .
In August , temperatures there climbed 12.5 oC above the surrounding countryside , reaching 40oC -- a scorching heat that affected not only the downtown area , but also covered some 8,000 square kilometers .
To address the dismal under-representation of women in Latin America 's legislatures , a series of reforms must be adopted , reforms that depend in part on a country 's existing electoral legislation .
The solution was n't found in condemnation from the West of developing country practices , or in protests by well-meaning environmentalists , but in economic growth .
It would let each country focus on its own vision of future energy needs , whether that means concentrating on renewable sources , nuclear energy , fusion , carbon storage , conservation , or searching for new and more exotic opportunities .
Danish newspapers -- coincidentally in the native country of the story of the Emperor 's New Clothes -- happily quoted the WWF regarding the event 's overwhelming success .
Candles can easily create indoor air pollution that is 10-100 times the level of outdoor air pollution caused by cars , industry , and electricity production .
The opposition -- trying to trump the government -- insists on an almost 40 % increase in renewable energy , at a cost of almost ¤ 10 billion annually , with every euro doing just ¤ 0.025 worth of good for the world .
Using the Danish figures to calculate EU-wide costs , the total is likely to be more than ¤ 150 billion annually , with every euro doing just half a cent worth of good . And this assumes that politicians pick the best options , and that oppositions do n't try to out-do their governments .
Both would achieve these ambitious cuts by the same method : a cap-and-trade system that imposes limits on industry emissions and forces businesses to buy rights to any additional emissions .
It would let each country focus on its own future vision of energy needs , whether that means concentrating on renewable sources , nuclear energy , fusion , carbon storage , or searching for new and more exotic opportunities .
Hansen is not alone in trying to blame others for his message 's becoming harder to sell .
This is a respectable sum , and certainly a benefit that the international community should try to achieve .
Apart from the resulting global inefficiency , this also creates a whole new raft of industry players that will keep pushing inefficient legislation , simply because it fills their coffers .
A good illustration is Denmark , which early on provided huge subsidies for wind power , building thousands of inefficient turbines around the country from the 1980 's onwards .
A few years ago , however , the Danish Economic Council conducted a full evaluation of the wind turbine industry , taking into account not only its beneficial effects on jobs and production , but also the subsidies that it receives .
But even for oft-cited Bangladesh , scientists just this year showed that the country grows by 20 square kilometers each year , because river sedimentation win out over rising sea levels .
And Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao recently said , `` it 's difficult for China to take quantified emission reduction quotas at the Copenhagen conference , because this country is still at an early stage of development .
If every country committed to spending 0.05 % of its GDP exploring non-carbon-emitting energy technologies , this would translate into $ 25 billion per year , or ten times more than what the world spends now .
Recently , former US Vice President Al Gore and United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon claimed that , `` in the US , there are now more jobs in the wind industry than in the entire coal industry . ''
But the United Nations and national governments spend billions of dollars each year trying to help those in need without explicitly considering whether they are achieving the most that they can .
There are many interested parties . No group wants their solution to come last , and no government wants its country 's national challenges to be overlooked .
Another Pew survey showed that China , the world 's biggest emitter , cares even less than the US about global warming . Just 24 % of Chinese regard global warming as a very serious problem , making China the world 's least concerned country .
Every country should agree to spend 0.05 % of its GDP on low-carbon energy R&D . The total global cost would be 15 times higher than current spending on alternative energy research , yet six times lower than the cost of Kyoto .
Even if every Kyoto-obligated country passed its own , duplicate Waxman-Markey bills -- which is implausible and would incur significantly higher costs -- the global reduction would amount to just 0.22 ° C -LRB- 0.35 ° F -RRB- by the end of this century .
Professor Brent Sohngen of Ohio State University points out that forests could be important : including forestry in the control of greenhouse gases could somewhat reduce costs .
Sea-level rises will be a very minor concern for every country , with the financial impact adding up to less than 0.1 % of GDP .
In that case , governments will try to cut carbon emissions through taxes and trading schemes without effective replacements .
The Danish wind industry is nearly completely dependent on taxpayer subsidies to support a modest workforce .
The government subsidy has shifted employment to less productive employment in the wind industry , meaning that Danish GDP is approximately $ 270 million lower than it would be if the wind-sector workforce was employed elsewhere .
The report concludes bluntly , `` No Danish wind industry to speak of would exist if it had to compete on market terms . ''
But our current approach to combating global warming -- focusing primarily on how much carbon to try to cut through taxes , rather than on how to achieve this technologically -- puts the cart before the horse .
Instead of single-mindedly trying to force people to do without carbon-emitting fuels , the Hartwell group suggests that we pursue a number of other worthy goals -- for example , adaptation , reforestation , encouraging biodiversity , and improving air quality -- each of which is important , and all of which may also reduce carbon emissions .
In 1994 , when I became State Secretary for Financial Affairs in Sweden 's Ministry of Finance , recovery appeared to be on the horizon , following the abolition of the fixed exchange rate , the ensuing sharp depreciation of the Krona , and lower interest rates .
Cooperation with havens like Liechtenstein or Monaco should be ruled out unless they accept that within the common market all citizens must pay taxes where they live , according to the rules of that country .
The country 's economy remains unable to make optimal use of relatively high energy-export revenues .
Russian society and its leaders have no clear vision of the future , and the country 's demographic decline offers little hope of a rapid and sustainable turnaround .
Russia and the EU would continue trying to consolidate their positions by competing for influence over their mutual neighbors .
It is also realistic in not even trying to defend Iraq 's borders against American air power .
But in 1973 , after crossing the Suez Canal , Egyptian infantrymen by the thousand stood their ground unflinchingly against advancing Israeli battle tanks .
There are such dark spots everywhere in the country .
Human trafficking was transferred from the police to job agencies and the Ministry of Labor Supervision .
Organized criminals lead much of the country 's economic development .
And it is indeed farcical for China 's government to try to suppress the yearning for freedom in the same brutal ways that Soviet-era communists once did .
For jailing Liu on the absurd charge of trying to overthrow the Chinese state is typical of the type of thinking found in the closed societies of twentieth-century communism , where the state asserted its absolute right to judge every thought and every thinker .
Indeed , it is becoming increasingly clear that China opened its economy only to maintain the country 's over-mighty rulers in power , not to respect and enhance the lives of ordinary Chinese .
Beyond improving public accounts , a large part of the revenues from high commodity prices were used to increase public spending , although this proportion varied from country to country .
The country 's sovereign rating is AA - , not AAA , as it was 16 years ago .
I have no doubt that a successful reconstruction program will lead their country to recovery .
Many Muslims still condemn the founder of modern Turkey , Mustafa Kamal , because he tried to modernize his country .
Ten years ago , as the Asian financial crisis savaged Indonesia 's economy , many experts predicted that the country would become unstable , if not splinter .
Instead , Indonesia , the world 's most populous Islamic country , has emerged as a beacon of freedom and democracy for the Muslim world .
And ten years ago , during the financial crisis , violent anti-Chinese riots erupted again , causing many Chinese to flee the country .
Americans explain their country 's democratic backsliding by pointing to the 9\/11 terrorist attacks .
In the 1950 's and 1960 's , few leading Indians believed that their country could compete with the industrialized economies .
There can be no doubt that Singh has the right instincts . He wants Pakistan to succeed as a moderate , modernizing country .
The only clear lesson to emerge from Iran 's disputed presidential election is that the country has a vibrant and indeed dynamic civil society .
Indeed , the only viable long-term strategy to adopt , therefore , is to stop trying to isolate Iran and instead nudge Iranians into engaging more with modern Asia .
But while we can not close the gulf between us , we can try to bridge it so that we may be able to talk across it . ''
In 2007 , China founded its National Leading Group on Climate Change , headed by President Hu , and adopted its National Climate Change Program , the first by any developing country .
But , given Japan 's history , one would be foolish to underestimate the country .
As a friend of Israel , I am surprised that more of us are not calling on the country 's leaders to seize the brief geopolitical opportunity of a viable two-state solution , while the offer remains on the table .
Members of the opposition have argued that the country is compelled to reform itself if it is not to have reform imposed from abroad .
It is all too easy to reduce the fight against terrorism to tightening the political screws , to a strengthening of Putin 's power , to restricting the movement of people within the country .
At this very moment , Lebanon 's political leaders are meeting jointly for the first time in the country 's modern history without the interference of Syria , France , or the United States .
Everyone from Saad Hariri , the son of our murdered Prime Minister Rafik Hariri , to Hizbullah 's leader , Hassan Nasrallah , is present to discuss openly the issues that divide the country , as are the leaders of Lebanon 's Shiia , Sunni , Greek Orthodox , Maronite Christian , and Druze communities .
Lahoud 's absence is not surprising , as the discussions deal with the fate of his illegal presidency and how to break the deadlock that his continuance in office has imposed on the country .
Indeed , just as Lahoud 's chair at the talks is vacant , so -- in the eyes of the world and under the country 's 150-year old constitution -- is Lebanon 's presidency .
Nevertheless , the election of a new , democratic , and lawful president has become accepted nationally as a necessary point of departure from the murderous path taken by the country with the extension of Lahoud 's mandate .
Although the UN and my country recognize the value of forests , both ecologically and economically , such recommendations are not strong enough to stop my local council from voting `` yes '' to deforestation .
The US government will no longer be able to afford to invest hundreds of billions of dollars -LRB- the cost in Iraq alone will run into the trillions -RRB- trying to supply other people with decent government .
And no single measure would do more to reduce global oil consumption than a sharp increase in the tax on gasoline in the country that consumes more of it than any other : the US .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Hosni Mubarak 's resignation as President of Egypt marks the beginning of an important stage in that country 's transition to a new political system .
Understanding any country 's democratic prospects must begin with a definition of democracy , which is a hybrid form of government , a fusion of two different political traditions .
This was Russia 's fate after its 1917 revolution , which brought Lenin 's Bolsheviks to power and condemned the country to 75 years of totalitarian rule .
Egypt suffers from another political handicap : it is an Arab country , and there are no Arab democracies .
Growth is , in the first place , the best way to reduce the country 's budget deficits .
Reducing the deficit by cutting funds for education , infrastructure , and research and development is akin to trying to lose weight by cutting off three fingers . Most of the weight will remain , and one 's life prospects will have worsened significantly .
More than for any other `` alien '' in his country , language is for a writer not only an achievement , but a spiritual home .
I postponed the decision to leave Romania because I was childish enough to fool myself that I did n't live in a country , that I lived only in a language .
Of course , the building lacked poetry .
Yet , the towers could have been a symbol of worldwide poetry , not commerce .
In country after country , that Manichean mindset , with its oversimplifications and manipulations , was merely re-fashioned to serve the new people in power .
In the notorious Walser Debate of 1998 in Germany about the `` unbearable '' way Germans had been portrayed after the Holocaust , I proposed that every country should complement its monuments of heroism with monuments of shame to recall the wrong done to other countries , other peoples , and also to its own people .
Although the schedule for my most recent trip was overwhelming , and offered little real contact with ordinary people , I could still grasp -- from daily newspapers , TV programs , and conversations with friends -- the profound economic , political , and moral crisis engulfing the country .
Some years ago , I proposed that every country should add to its monuments to heroism some monuments to its national shame .
To remember and reflect on how we have wronged other people and nations may benefit a country 's citizens as much as celebrating great deeds .
The number of literary translations done nowadays in the United States is , according to a United Nations report , equal to that of Greece , a country one-tenth the size .
The vast majority of the country 's so-called `` educated elite '' seem to have no qualms about identifying themselves as Muslims first and Pakistanis second .
Others admit to having scant regard for religion , but say that Pakistan has come to mean so little to them that their religion supersedes their loyalty to the country .
How can a country be expected to prosper if the majority of its citizens harbor only a secondary allegiance to the state ?
For the real Jinnah is now irrelevant in the country that reveres him as `` Quaid-e-Azam , '' or founder of the nation .
To survive , its citizens must act in unison or risk seeing every moderate tendency in the country purged by a clamor of illiberal , religious voices .
According to the 2011 census , the sex ratio of the country 's children has dipped from 927 females per 1000 males to 914 , a 60-year low .
Unlike Hemingway 's character , they are often more than willing to abort a girl and try for a boy .
The irony is that , unless far-reaching changes are made soon , Mother India could eventually be the only woman left in the country .
Other policies , such as redirecting subsidies paid by rich countries to the fossil-fuel industry , or levying a tax on financial transactions , could provide a further $ 10 billion each year .
Other countries ' governments , it seems , have been trying to distance themselves from the problem , fearing a contagion that they know is likely to spread .
But the fiscal realities on both sides of the Atlantic nowadays are very similar , and only lingering trust in the promise of America keeps alive the expectation among some Europeans that some grand American coup de théâtre will resolve the country 's dire debt situation .
Of course , many Americans recognize the scale of the country 's debt burden .
Indeed , the president is no longer required to provide the usual five-year forecast of the country 's fiscal position .
Refereeing errors increasingly mar the game on all its levels -- country and club , major and minor leagues , globally televised tournaments and matches , and local games .
Lastly , the culture of secrecy and non-accountability that permeates soccer 's major governing bodies such as FIFA , UEFA and the various country federations needs to be changed .
Deposit insurance creates what economists call `` moral hazard , '' people who are insured against an unpleasant event are not as careful as they would otherwise be in trying to avoid that event .
The Assembly 's opening action had been to vote almost unanimously to abolish the 239-year-old monarchy , and in June former King Gyanendra Shah departed from the palace , remaining in the country as an ordinary citizen .
So , too , the country 's unique peace process has rarely gained outside attention since the guns fell silent two years ago .
For these groups , the restoration of democracy was a step toward social transformation , enabling them to participate more equally in the life of the country .
One cost of the conflict has been the retreat of local governance and arrested development in a desperately poor country where over 80 % of the population lives in rural districts .
The relationship becomes tight when considering the evolution of each country 's real effective exchange rate based on the GDP deflator .
Moreover , it should not be taken for granted that higher prices and wages in Germany will reduce the country 's trade surplus .
German exports to China accounted for only 0.3 % of the country 's GDP in 2005 , but stood at 1.4 % of GDP in 2008 .
Each country in every year faces a unique set of circumstances .
These leaders are less concerned with the reform agenda than with promoting patriotism among Japanese youth , upgrading the Defense Agency to a ministry , and enacting a law to permit a referendum to revise the pacifist constitution .
The debate is centered on whether to increase the consumption tax in order to sustain the country 's severely strained social security system .
Should the DPJ gain a plurality and forge a coalition with the country 's far-left parties , the outcome would be ceaseless instability .
Unable to pay off its constituencies , disintegration looms , for the LDP has never been a party with entrenched grass-roots support , but instead operates as a machine of power and redistribution through a web of insiders across the country 's industrial sectors , occupational associations , and local communities .
But instead of that happening , the country faces the grotesque revival of a domestic variant of the Cold War structure .
Indeed , Japanese Sumo circles are now facing growing public infamy , causing many Japanese to wonder if the country , after 20 years of stagnation , is capable of purifying itself .
Indeed , there is a long tradition of retired police `` parachuting '' into lucrative posts in `` Pachinko , '' the de-facto gambling industry and , to a lesser extent , across the public gambling sectors .
The organization has hundreds of subsidiary organs across the country and nationwide networks .
Consequently , he was aloof from the DPJ 's feud with Japan 's powerful bureaucratic mandarins , who are desperately trying to safeguard the longstanding bureaucratic\/cabinet system in which the once-ruling Liberal Democratic Party -LRB- LDP -RRB- passed mandarin-drafted , cabinet-sponsored bills and budgets , almost continuously , for five decades .
Evidently , he is trying to redefine the relationship , probably with a view to enhancing Japan 's freedom of maneuver in foreign and security policy .
If current projections are right , nanotechnology has the potential to have an impact on nearly every industry and virtually every aspect of our lives .
Experts in government , industry , academia , and elsewhere agree that a long list of questions needs to be addressed if we are to develop nanotechnology as safely as possible .
But the same strategies that work for developing nanotechnology applications will not help answer the growing list of questions about its possible impact that governments and industry are asking today .
Likewise , in March 2007 , the British government 's top advisory body on science and technology warned that the country 's lead in nanotechnology is fading , because the government has not invested enough in research necessary for understanding and effectively managing possible health and environmental effects .
The convergence trend in the EU at the country level is reflected in the regions .
It is true that poorer EU countries tend to outgrow richer ones , but poor regions do not necessarily outgrow rich regions or even the country average .
Recent empirical evidence suggests that the central and eastern European regions benefiting most from EU membership are those around the country 's capital city or sharing a border with one of the 15 countries .
Kenya 's Mau Mau war delivered independence in 1963 ; the Algerian revolution liberated that country in 1962 ; anti-colonial wars in Angola , Mozambique , and Guinea-Bissau destroyed the Portuguese empire in 1974 ; the anti-UDI struggle in Rhodesia -LRB- Zimbabwe -RRB- ended white rule ; and the anti-apartheid struggle in South Africa finally triumphed against the apartheid racial order .
The African Union , which replaced the Organization for African Unity -LRB- OAU -RRB- in 2002 , is trying to reproduce the European Union 's institutions and ways of acting .
The Hispanic approach emphasizes migrants ' involvement in banking by offering a range of banking services in both the country of origin and the host country , products of specific interest to migrants , and low commissions on foreign transfers .
Nigeria has refrained from signing any exclusive agreements with Western Union and others , and its newly consolidated banking industry is making significant inroads across the region .
Moreover , economic integration and increased intra-regional trade are the best entry point into global markets for all countries .
Houphouët-Boigny 's support for France 's African policy led him to establish diplomatic ties with South Africa 's apartheid regime and make his country a supply-transit route for the Biafra secessionists .
Hundreds of years ago , many African kings effectively engaged with the West 's rising imperial powers to halt the growth of indigenous industry in pre-colonial Africa .
In trying to depict its current dealings with Africa as `` win-win '' cooperation , China deliberately seeks to portray Africa 's current relations with the West as exploitative .
What the Chinese are silent about is that their country 's growing engagement in Africa has created both opportunities and risks for African development .
Indeed , South Africa , not China , is the country making the largest investments in the rest of Africa .
These leaders ' attitudes recall the worst behavior of their predecessors , many of whom engaged centuries ago with the West 's rising imperial powers to halt the growth of indigenous industry .
After gaining independence from France in 1960 with Felix Houphouet-Boigny as President , the country became the world 's largest exporter of cocoa beans and a significant exporter of coffee and palm oil .
In 2002 , Ivory Coast was rocked by a rebel uprising that partitioned the country , with the government led by Gbagbo controlling the south , pro-Ouattara rebels controlling the north , and a French army camped between the two .
French business , moreover , dominates most of the country 's infrastructure : Bolloré controls the port of Abidjan and the railway ; Bouygues oversees Ivorian construction projects ; Total holds one-quarter of the shares of the country 's oil refinery ; France Telecom is the main shareholder of the landline and mobile telephone network ; Société Générale and BNP-Paribas control the banking industry ; and Air France controls the sky .
The convertibility of the country 's currency , the CFA franc , allows these companies to transfer freely all their earnings back to France .
But the entry into Africa of fast-growing economies such as China , India , South Korea , Turkey , Brazil , and Malaysia reflects a shifting balance of power and the inception of a model of cooperation based on trade , investment , and technology transfer -- in sharp contrast to French neo-colonial politics .
Fishery resources are over-exploited ; animal husbandry suffers a similar lack of rigorous management ; and the country spends a fortune buying the meat and milk that it could easily produce for itself if farmers had the proper incentives .
These are just a few examples of the vast misuse of the country 's resources , owing to the marked preference of Senegal 's elite to use import licenses to build up their own fortunes rather than develop import-substitution industries .
As a result , Senegal , a cosmopolitan country , is missing out on Africa 's best opportunity for growth since de-colonization .
The economic benefits of such a strategy for Senegal are potentially vast : new industries in mineral processing , transport , and shipping , bringing higher-value-added employment ; budget revenues from transit fees for minerals exports and pipelines ; and improved infrastructure connecting the country 's rural heartland to Dakar and the coast .
But for the Africans , the partnership has meant weak trade performance , tight money , high interest rates , massive capital flight , and mountains of debt whose repayment prevents higher investment in education , training , health , food production , housing , and industry .
It is worth remembering that no sub-Saharan African country - with the exceptions of South Africa and Rhodesia -LRB- now Zimbabwe -RRB- , then administered by white minority governments - could tap international capital markets at independence in the early 1960 's .
Africa had to open its markets while producing raw materials and basic products to generate revenues for investment in industry , education , health , and food production .
As a result , West African oil producers will be earning an estimated $ 200 billion over the next decade , more than 10 times the sum Western countries allocate each year to the `` aid industry '' in the region .
Venezuela 's President Hugo Chávez , for example , is using his country 's oil revenues to provide free literacy training and health care , to help alleviate the debts of his Argentinean and Ecuadorian neighbors , to forge energy alliances in Latin America and the Caribbean , and to propose a strategic rapprochement with the Andean countries .
Their loans were designed to perpetuate Africa 's role as a supplier of raw materials , while entangling the continent in an inextricable web of debts and dependency on the `` aid industry . ''
The IMF can cut off not only its own credit , but also most loans from the larger World Bank , other multilateral lenders , rich country governments , and even much of the private sector .
As a result , any country formulating strategies to counter the destructive forces of globalization should give overriding priority to a self-centred economic development strategy , preferably within a regional framework .
As long ago as 1975 , Gafaar al-Nimeiry , Sudan 's military head of state , stated with great prescience what Sudan and Africa needed to do to achieve peace and stability . `` Unity based on diversity has become the essence and the raison d'être of the political and national entity of many an emerging African country today .
For this reason , Africa is following Sudan 's evolution with intense interest -- and is eager to see this country `` at the heart and crossroads of Africa '' give substance to al-Nimeiry 's vision .
As happens during periods of major and rapid change , the country will experience social tension , uncertainty , and unease . Africa is keen that the Sudanese leadership cooperate effectively to manage this delicate situation , in the interest of the continent as a whole .
The break-up of the Soviet Union and its satellite empire shows that the way to address such a legacy is not to force unhappy peoples to live together in one country .
Inside Thailand 's Hidden War LEEDS -- Thailand 's former prime minister , Chavalit Yongchaiyudh , recently ignited a furor when he proposed that the separatist campaign in his country 's Muslim-majority southern provinces might be solved politically , with a form of self-rule .
The World Bank and the multilateral development banks are also developing innovative ways to strengthen country financial sectors and address potential shortfalls in trade finance .
But some banking industry lobbyists have sought amendments in the European Parliament that would totally neuter the proposal 's effectiveness .
That is the core challenge for Europe , the European Commission , global leaders , and the financial services industry over the next five years .
Whereas Japan bashing included `` voluntary '' restraints on exports that threatened US heavy industries , where lobbies were concentrated and politically potent , recent Chinese exports have mainly been low - to middle-tech products of light industry .
Sustained appreciation of a creditor country 's currency against the world 's dominant money is a recipe for a slowdown in economic growth , followed by eventual deflation , as Japan found in the 1990 's -- with no obvious decline in its large relative trade surplus .
In a rapidly growing developing country whose financial system is still immature , introducing exchange-rate flexibility in order to insulate domestic macroeconomic policy from the ebb and flow of international payments , as the IMF advocates , is an even more questionable strategy .
If a discrete exchange-rate appreciation is to be sustained , it must reflect expected monetary policies : tight money and deflation in the appreciated country , and easy money with inflation in the depreciated country .
How victims remember trauma is the most controversial issue facing psychology and psychiatry today .
This experiment assumed that each member of the ECB 's Governing Council casts votes on the basis of the difference between his country 's inflation rate and the average inflation rate in the euro area during the previous month .
For example , if national inflation were higher than euro-area inflation by more than a particular amount -LRB- the threshold value -RRB- , then a Council member from that country would vote in favor of monetary tightening or against monetary easing .
In fact , for many Russians , the declaration of Russia 's independence in 1990 represents a low point in the country 's history , a year of anarchy and disarray .
Shock therapy that ruined the economy and gave away the country 's wealth to private but rarely clean hands ?
This second anti-Stalinist campaign lasted two years , which was not nearly enough to change the country 's mentality .
Of course , this does not excuse those who refuse to listen to reasoned analysis about our country 's past , but Russians will not accept glib rants .
Putin rarely talks about the problems of Russia 's twentieth-century history , once replying to a direct question about his attitude toward the events of 1917 by saying that he considered it to be `` the country 's natural reaction to defeat in the First World War . ''
AMSTERDAM -- Prostitution is virtually the only part of the personal services industry in the Netherlands that works .
Norway , a country that has a reputation to lose when it comes to women 's rights , carefully compared the Swedish and Dutch models and concluded that Sweden 's was the one to follow .
The world 's most populous country is the largest foreign creditor of the US government and government-sponsored enterprises such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
In view of the country 's shrinking workforce and already high capital-to-labor ratio , it is also understandable that German investors do not see many domestic investment opportunities , and instead choose to invest abroad .
In the United States , people are fired more easily than in any other country , and the unemployment rate at the time was among the lowest in the world .
According to Blinder , 42-56 million US jobs -- about one-third of all public - and private-sector jobs in the country -- are vulnerable for offshoring .
A more important explanation for Germany 's current economic success may be the substantial government support that German industries receive on a structural basis , especially the car industry .
But France is not a normal country .
Now that more than two-thirds of Irish voters have reversed their country 's earlier opposition to the Lisbon treaty -- with only the Czech Republic 's Europhobic president , Václav Klaus , holding out against it -- the focus is on who will fill these two jobs .
The communist leadership finds it hard to mention , let alone emphasize , the country 's problems .
For example , like much of the country , Gansu Province , at China 's geographical center , is grappling with structural and social problems that range from the daunting to the apparently insuperable .
At the beginning of the 1980 's , when Europe was faltering and the media catchword was `` Eurosclerosis , '' 50 % of people polled for the Eurobarometer surveys viewed membership as positive for their country . About 19 % said its effects were negative , and the rest did n't know .
Drawn up by the Belgian member of the Commission who held the industry portfolio , several of its provisions are clearly relevant to the current situation , not least to the automobile industry .
Industry commissioner Gunther Verheugen recently reacted to calls by both General Motors and Renault for a more `` proactive '' EU role in coordinating bailouts by saying : `` There will be no sector-specific plans whatsoever . ''
He emphasized that Brussels has neither the funds nor the desire to rescue the motor industry , and sees little similarity between the systemic risks of the financial services sector and the problems faced by the manufacturing branches .
This is not only a problem of personal chemistry between Jacques Chirac and Gerhard Schröder .
Both governments seem convinced that more Franco-German summitry -LRB- now including joint sessions of their cabinets -RRB- will remedy their marital crisis .
The country can no longer play the role of transatlantic mediator between France and America .
German-American relations suffered a devastating blow when Schröder stoked the country 's overwhelmingly pacifist attitudes .
Germany 's opposition parties and much of its foreign policy establishment warned that the country risked diplomatic isolation , so Schröder joined an ad hoc coalition of the unwilling , along with France and Russia .
The Chancellor 's aides try to justify Schröder 's rhetoric as an expression of the country 's political maturity .
After all , Germany 's traditional low-key foreign policy made the country an anchor of NATO and helped secure reunification .
Trying to pool these traditions may look like trying to square a circle .
Former perpetrators often try to de-legitimize their former victims ' moral superiority by claiming they were victims themselves .
To achieve that , the country must promote itself as a motor of serious European reform , without neglecting the debate on the member states ' role in the EU 's economic choices .
On the international scene , the American diplomatic cables recently released by WikiLeaks highlight American suspicions about Italy , which are not limited to the country 's ties -- too close , according to the US State Department -- to Vladimir Putin 's Russia , to Libya , and to Iran .
Finance Minister Giulio Tremonti is a safe pair of hands for the country 's fiscal policy , yet the government has been unable to revive economic growth .
Despite these sources of concern , Italy is a robust country that knows how to deal with economic crisis .
After every country has received its `` opt-out , '' and the Competitiveness Pact 's targets have been sufficiently diluted to ensure its passage , there will most likely be very little of substance left .
Or it could be remembered as another `` Sputnik moment , '' when , as with the Soviet foray into outer space in 1957 , the American people realized that the country had lost its footing and decided it was time for the United States to get its act together .
It is hard to imagine that China 's government , which obsesses over every minute issue of diplomatic protocol , had not orchestrated this stark image of America 's decline relative to the country to which it owes $ 1.4 trillion .
The Beijing Olympics could be remembered as a new `` Sputnik moment '' for the US , inspiring the country to meaningfully face the music of a changing world .
But it is no less clear that this aspiration is far from being met , and that the country 's poor governance is laying a dangerously weak foundation for international engagement .
Until it does and international support is conditioned on Afghan progress in realizing goals set by Afghans , the country 's state institutions will continue to lose credibility . Meaningful success in Afghanistan will become elusive at any level of funding or international troop presence .
Indeed , the country 's future depends on his doing just that .
But none of these attributes will lead to long term security , stability , and prosperity for the country unless the government plays a more constructive role .
A first step in the national healing process must include exploring in a public way the grievances of the country 's minorities , both Tamil and Muslim , and discussing the violations perpetrated by the LTTE and the government during the conflict .
The government must open itself far more to hearing and responding to the legitimate voices of the Sri Lankan people across the country 's political spectrum and ethnic divides .
Sri Lanka must do far more to ensure minority rights and protections not just because it is the right thing to do , but because it is the best possible investment the country can make in its future .
They gathered momentum after a summer of labor strikes , when Poland 's communist chief , General Wojciech Jaruzelski , concluded that the country 's economic troubles were too grim to face alone .
Krenz hesitated , then handed him a press release . It was to announce a major initiative he had forced through parliament only hours earlier , and which the country 's restive people had been demanding in the streets for weeks : the right to travel .
Thousands of his countrymen had written letters petitioning for his release , at a time when declaring solidarity with Czechoslovakia 's most famous dissident was a clear and dangerous act of civil disobedience .
The bear is the country 's enslaved people . They rise up from slumber .
There , the country 's communist masters ordered the security forces to fire on the people .
China , with 1.3 billion people , is just one country ; and the European Union , with some 500 million people , functions as a single economic market , with most of its members sharing a single currency .
The argument should instead be focused on how to get the most effective results out of aid , both for the recipients and for a donor country 's tax-payers . Aid , I believe , is best focused on infrastructure -- the bridges , roads , Internet cables , and power stations that will help our economies to grow and allow us to trade more easily with each other .
In my own country , Sudan , and its western state of Darfur , African Union -LRB- AU -RRB- troops try to protect civilians .
Manufacturing Scientific Uncertainty For decades , the tobacco industry manufactured more than just cigarettes .
Years ago , a tobacco executive unwisely committed to paper the perfect slogan for his industry 's disinformation campaign : `` Doubt is our product . ''
Nowadays , the most well known -LRB- and probably best financed -RRB- campaign to manufacture scientific doubt is being waged by the fossil fuel industry in an effort to impugn scientists ' work on issues related to climate change .
When confronted by an overwhelming worldwide scientific consensus on the contribution of human activity to global warming over the past century , the industry and its political allies follow the tobacco road .
Many generations of Ukrainians were also deprived of a right to their own country , language , and culture .
In June , a NATO summit will discuss prospects for Ukraine 's entry into the alliance .
And this autumn Ukraine 's presidential election will determine the country 's development for decades to come .
At this crucial moment , we call on Europe to open itself toward Ukraine , a great European country whose needs and aspirations can not be forgotten in the process of constructing the new Europe .
Europe should go beyond defining its relationship with Ukraine as a neighbor : it should clearly state that Ukraine has a realistic chance of entry into NATO and the EU .
Such a declaration would mean that Europe is not closing its doors on Ukraine , a country with a European cultural identity and a long tradition of struggle for democracy and human rights .
But the lustration law was but one act among many in a systematic effort by Poland 's current government to undermine the country 's democratic institutions and fabric .
What is happening in Poland , the country where communism 's downfall began ?
For them , Poland remained a country ruled by the communist security apparatus .
And he was describing himself as well when he cited Bloch : `` Attached to my country , fed with her spiritual heritage and its history , unable to imagine any other country where I could breathe freely , I loved and served it with all my strength .
I see this as a reason neither for pride nor for shame . I appeal to my ancestry only in one single case : when I encounter an anti-Semite .
In Czechoslovakia in 1968 , communist reformers appealed to democratic ideals that were deeply rooted in the country 's pre-World War II past .
The majority though , in one way or another , had some contact with communism , through intellectual fascination , participation in state institutions , or the cold conviction that only by accepting the reality of life under communism could one do something useful for one 's country .
It is inconceivable that Brazilian , Cameroonian , or Japanese doctors , computer scientists , blue-collar workers , or bank tellers could move from one country to another as easily as Brazilian , Cameroonian , or Japanese football players do .
Likewise , hundreds , if not thousands , of Africans die every year trying to reach the shores of Fortress Europe .
People nowadays know much more about conditions in different countries than they did in the past , and if moving across a border means that their income can be multiplied several-fold , they will try to do it .
We saw what Save the Children is trying to do about it , at a nutrition center serving mothers and children in Gaza City .
`` If there is a Codex standard , '' she points out , `` one country can not file a challenge -LRB- for unfair trade practices -RRB- against another country which is following the Codex standard .
PALO ALTO -- On top of the devastation caused in Haiti by the January earthquake , Hurricane Tomas this month , and the subsequent dislocations , exposure , and malnutrition , the country is now experiencing an accelerating cholera outbreak .
On the contrary , neither biotechnology nor genetic engineering are new , and consumers , government , and industry all have had long , extensive , and positive experience with both .
Intensive animal husbandry procedures that place billions of poultry and swine in close proximity to humans , combined with unsanitary conditions , poverty , and grossly inadequate public health infrastructure of all kinds , make it unlikely that a pandemic can be prevented or contained at the source .
The response in Turkey -- where as many as 50 possible cases have appeared in the eastern part of the country -- is instructive .
For now , it seems that all of the human H5N1 infections have been contracted from contact with infected poultry .
So said Dr. Victor Frankenstein when his `` creation '' was complete . Researchers have long been fascinated with trying to create life , but mainly they have had to settle for crafting variations of living organisms via mutation or other techniques of genetic engineering .
The country has emerged as Latin America 's clear leader and a key global player .
Addressing them successfully would allow the country to generate the savings needed to meet its huge looming public-investment requirements : expansion of productive infrastructure -LRB- roads , ports , and airports -RRB- in order to remove severe bottlenecks to faster non-inflationary growth ; unprecedentedly large planned investment in oil exploration and electricity generation ; and forthcoming international sporting events -LRB- the World Cup and the Olympic Games -RRB- that Brazil will host in the next few years .
Particularly at a time when standard rehabilitation is not available for most Chinese stroke patients , few will wait to try acupuncture until its role is confirmed or refuted by reliable evidence .
I visited Ghana recently and like many others left asking : how can a `` developing '' country be developed ?
Development as now practiced often fails because it does not build on a country 's unique strengths , respect its social traditions , or foster the autonomy necessary to develop indigenous leaders and enterprises .
In fact , has any country ever developed primarily through the wholesale importation of capital , expertise , and beliefs -- the equivalent of globalization today ?
According to a November 2006 report by The Task Force on the Future of American Innovation , made up of prominent universities , think tanks , industry trade associations , and corporations , the high-tech trade deficit widened in 2005 , for the third consecutive year .
Most Westerners believe in a theory of liberal evolution , according to which sustained economic growth , by increasing wealth and the size of the middle class , gradually makes a country more democratic .
This means that the country seeking information must produce a substantiated request , naming the taxable person and the specific bank in question or describing them in sufficient detail .
Citizens in a democracy would never allow their government to have an automatic right of forced entry into their homes on the off-chance of finding stolen goods , so why should the state have an automatic right of forced entry into bank accounts on the off-chance of finding a few tax evaders or criminals ?
`` Into that heaven of freedom , my Father , let my country awake , '' wrote the Nobel laureate Rabindra Nath Tagore in Gitanjali in 1912 .
The nearly perennial flooding of the Tisa River in Hungary -LRB- a new EU member state -RRB- can not be controlled if the water management practices in upstream countries Ukraine -LRB- a new neighbor -RRB- and Romania -LRB- a next-wave accession country -RRB- are not addressed .
Most of what we think about Iraq is shaped by the daily violence that plagues the country .
Late last year , I was an organizer of a major national survey of Iraqi public opinion that demonstrated the complexity of the country 's communal relations .
The Democratic Hopes of Iraqis The escalating violence in Iraq gives a bleak impression of that country 's prospects .
While neither American nor Iraqi security officials have yet found a way to tame the militias , the Iraqi public is increasingly drawn toward a vision of a democratic , non-sectarian government for the country .
These feelings , it appears , are directly related to the violence gripping Iraq , and the role of foreigners in the country 's perilous security situation .
Although Iraqis remain angry about the violence in their country , this anger has not undermined their sense of national identity .
But , while this was reflected in reformist trends in the country 's wider political life , a movement toward militant fundamentalism took shape within the regime 's power structure .
Defiance of the Supreme Leader by millions of Iranians just a day after he firmly endorsed Ahmadinejad threw the country into a political crisis .
Why is rapid population growth bad for a country 's standard of living ?
This change in relative costs can release a country from the trap of poverty , setting the stage for a demographic transition and economic advancement .
Despite official boasting about the country 's diverse population and commitment to pluralism , Islam and the government have essentially merged .
As a result , the UMNO finds itself squeezed between an Islamic lobby that presses for greater `` Talibanization '' of the country and the rising voices of international critics , who can not be ignored , because the party needs both radical supporters and foreign investors to stay in power .
Was it preferable to start with economics -- try and get rich , quick , but do n't rock the boat politically -- in the manner of the Chinese ?
With average male life expectancy just 57 years , the country is losing close to 800,000 people annually .
Whereas the `` Middle Kingdom '' is proudly regaining its former global status after centuries of decline , Russia is defiantly trying to resurrect its former imperial status , but in a manner that appears doomed to fail .
Her appeal to voters is simple : `` I am a woman , and you have never tried a woman , so be modern and try one now . ''
A new page was being turned , one that was full of uncertainty but also of hope that Russia was on its way to becoming a `` normal country . ''
Olmert seemed to be reminding the Iranians of the hard realities of nuclear deterrence : Iran may join the nuclear club someday , but it will return to the Stone Age if it uses those weapons against a country that has a far more advanced nuclear arsenal .
In trying to decipher Asia 's diplomatic future , Europeans are confronted , so to speak , with an `` embarrassment of riches . ''
Twenty years ago , one of the main obstacles to creating an Asian Union was Japan -- Asia 's most advanced and successful country , but one that did not feel Asian .
France is a marvelously paradoxical country , so the search for novelty , if not modernity , could lead to the reinvention of the Fourth Republic , a parliamentary regime characterized by its weaknesses and instability .
But this boast means different things for each country .
For China , a deeply self-confident country , to be `` back '' simply means regaining the country 's historical centrality in the world after an absence of more than two centuries .
Whatever the huge political , social , and economic tensions may exist , there is a `` feel good '' factor in China , a sense of progress , with the 2008 Olympics in Beijing figuring as the symbolic moment that will proclaim to the world the scale of the country 's achievements .
At the same time , lack of confidence on the part of a country , a culture , or a civilization can be just as dangerous .
A country like Israel booms with economic confidence , but is full of self-doubt when it comes to strategic and political considerations .
The difficult personal chemistry he has with German Chancellor Angela Merkel is reinforced by his constant attacks on the European Central Bank and its president , Jean-Claude Trichet .
The US remains by far the world 's strongest country , particularly in military terms , but it is confronted with fundamental questions about the use and utility of force at a time when power is relative .
Moreover , the French army supports such a move , while only a small segment of the Foreign Ministry is opposed .
In 1990 , Germany fielded a single Olympic team before the country reunified .
The idea that the Chinese regime would quickly reform the country into an open , moderate , and benevolent giant was either a fraud , a gigantic misperception , or wishful thinking .
China may play the victim versus the West , but its leaders know that their country is back on the world scene at a level that they deem appropriate and legitimate .
For the Kremlin , it is likely that South Ossetia and Abkhazia would remain under formal Georgian sovereignty only if the country did not join NATO .
Can it reward Georgians for the leaders ' irresponsibility by rushing the country into NATO ?
That might very well happen if America 's next president fails to redress the financial and economic threats facing his country , and thus the rest of the world .
The idea that you can make a difference not only for yourself but for your country and the world , that self-interest and personal enrichment are not the only possible goals in life for the `` best and the brightest , '' has slowly and irresistibly been gaining ground in the Obama generation .
They may write about it conceptually , but its meaning -- a world in which their country is only `` primus inter pares '' -- has not really penetrated the national psyche .
Or is Sarkozy simply trying to capitalize on his global visibility to reinforce his popularity at home , where a majority of French citizens continue to support their hyperactive president 's diplomatic leadership ?
Despite his failed bid to orchestrate a ceasefire between Israel and Hamas , was he not right to try ?
What , for example , will happen to a country as central and vulnerable as Egypt when hundred of thousands of Egyptians working in the Gulf are forced to return to their homeland as a result of the crisis in the oil-producing countries ?
The ambition of a country and a society born of the principles of the Enlightenment can not be to create a people armed to the teeth with guns yet entirely disarmed in the face of illness .
As for Poland , although the bumbling Kaczynski `` twins '' have been removed from power , the country 's fixation on security in its immediate neighborhood is incompatible with true European leadership .
French television , for example , recently aired a terrifying report on Haiti , where a local judge , without bothering to hide his actions , was protecting a narcotics dealer from the country 's own French-trained anti-drug force .
In sixty years a weak and divided country , one torn apart by wars internal and external , is about to become the second most powerful economy in the world .
But the success of a country that has so mobilized its energies as to transform past humiliations into massive national pride is not accompanied &#45; &#45; and this is an understatement &#45; &#45; by a responsible opening into its past .
The country 's colonial past still remains a painful issue that is yet far from being confronted in a dispassionate , objective manner .
As for Turkey 's government , its official priority remains its own entry into the EU .
That warning made sense 10 or 15 years ago ; not any longer . India is now impossible to ignore , much less forget , owing not only to its rapid economic growth , but also to the country 's increasing geopolitical stature .
In 1991 , the fall of the Soviet Union presented for India a serious strategic test , which the country has passed with flying colors .
India today sees that the wider world , particularly the West , regards it with growing respect , not only for the country 's performance , but also for its essence -- a young country and that is also an ancient civilization .
In a few days , there will be ceremonies to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the revision of Captain Alfred Dreyfus 's conviction on charges of espionage in a trial that tore the country apart .
Today , France 's black minority is trying to organize itself along the lines of the Jewish minority .
Suddenly , with the Libya issue , we can tell ourselves that we are catching up with Germany , whose pusillanimity is striking ; we are showing the way to the United States ; and the French -LRB- and British -RRB- flags are deployed in the streets of `` liberated '' Libya , together with that country 's own new flag .
The West is not trying , as it did during the Crusades or the Imperialist conquests of the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries , to impose its religion or values on the Arabs .
The duty to intervene -- and the cost of indifference -- is probably higher for France than for any other Western country .
One should not , of course , try to take the comparison further .
The country gave me the impression of being so civilized that I was utterly convinced that , in a post-Western world , the West would have a lot to learn from the Scandinavian countries .
In fact , the combination of free access to weapons in a country like the United States and the lack of a `` security culture '' in a country like Norway might serve to encourage deviant murderers .
The more civilized and happy a country is , the more extreme its marginalized deviants can be .
Some people can feel bored to death in a happy and prosperous country .
They often complain about the excessive presence of police in their democratic , but ever-so-controlled , country .
What Went Wrong with America The latest edition of the Pew Global Attitudes Survey shows that favorable opinions of the United States have fallen again in 12 out of 15 countries polled , a sad reflection of a country 's loss of image .
A `` good '' country would be treated with extreme leniency , whereas a `` bad '' country would not .
America , as the most powerful and ethical country in the world , has a unique responsibility to perform . ''
But the US is no longer the country that others seek to emulate , or that they look to for global leadership .
In my country , France , most supporters were clearly motivated more by post-colonial references than by European allegiance .
One Europe that starts pondering how to steer its agricultural policy in a more market oriented and green direction . One Europe with a new fisheries policy that safeguards marine natural resources for the future while taking due account of the importance of the fishing industry to local communities .
Rapid response is required of governments , United Nations agencies , regulatory authorities , and the pharmaceutical industry for coordination , surveillance , and vaccine production .
Only with foreign investment and economic liberalization -- a process that has already begun in some measure -- can Cuba hope to offer its 11.2 million people more consumer goods and comfort , improve the social welfare system , and rehabilitate the country 's infrastructure .
Indeed , conditions in Iran 's oil industry had so deteriorated in 2007 that gasoline rationing was introduced , opening the way to a thriving black market .
But , while political leaders drew up such rosy plans , eight of Turkey 's largest investors in Iran were withdrawing from the country .
But the real source of Iran 's dysfunctional economy is the country 's peculiar political and economic power-sharing .
These internal conflicts have worsened with the country 's domestic political crisis and the global economic crisis .
The most dangerous time for a country , it is said , comes when it starts to reform .
During Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's visit to Syria earlier this year , Syria 's President Bashar Assad and he reiterated their unyielding cooperation in the face of `` Western manipulations . '' But Assad is under growing pressure from the ranks of his Baath Party to modernize the country and its infrastructure , which is impossible without improved ties to the West .
Indeed , the country has run a trade deficit since 2005 , with no path back to balance in sight .
This lack of investment has left the economy , particularly the oil industry , in a shambles .
In opposition stand Syria 's Sunni traders , who are joined in demanding a change in the rules of the game by the country 's various minorities , composed of two million Christians , 1.7 million Kurds , and 400,000 Druze .
ISTANBUL -- As Lebanon braces for the possible indictment of Hezbollah operatives for the murder of former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri , the country 's economy is wobbling .
The International Monetary Fund 's Mission Report of March 2009 , pointing to the country 's 30 years of chronic political tumult , concluded that `` Lebanon will remain vulnerable to shocks for many years '' to come .
But , although the World Bank classifies Lebanon as an `` upper middle income '' country , with a per capita GNP of $ 10,800 , 28 % of the population lives below the poverty line .
But this assistance -- military hardware and a five-year military training program -- does not address the country 's fundamental economic problems .
Moreover , although the World Bank accepted the country 's reconstruction program -- called `` Horizon 2000 '' -- the money for it , from the European Investment Bank and Arab funds , has barely trickled in .
The Web site of its Ministry of Economy and Trade does not even mention such a plan -LRB- but does quote the Arab League 's anti-Israel Central Boycott Office -RRB- .
Constitutional patriotism , a concept developed by two German philosophers , Dolf Sternberger and Karl Jaspers , was intended to replace the nationalism that had been discredited in Germany by the country 's Nazi past .
CCTV falls under the control of the Propaganda Department and the Ministry of Radio , Film , and Television .
The hope was that the Chinese leadership would finally do something -- preferably something bold -- to forestall further decline in the country 's major economic indicators .
Nearly every industrial sector that , according to the stimulus package , deserves direct and immediate government support is energy-intensive and polluting -LRB- cement and steel , for example -RRB- or heavily managed by the state sector , and therefore missing incentives to balance growth with environmental protection -LRB- as is the case with the oil industry -RRB- .
In 2004 , Denmark became the first country to legislate limits on trans fat content of foods , largely eliminating industrial trans fats from all foods -LRB- including restaurants -RRB- in that country .
4 . Use of trans fats in food manufacturing and restaurants can be limited without any significant effects on food taste , cost , or availability . While industry often expresses concern that limiting the use of trans fats will affect food taste or cost , no evidence exists to support this hypothesis .
The best way to implement this strategy is to use a `` carbon credit trading system '' in the advanced countries , with each advanced country receiving a certain amount of carbon credits to determine its permissible emission levels .
If a country exceeds its level of emissions , it must buy additional credits from other countries that achieve emissions lower than their permitted levels .
But an advanced country could also undertake mitigation efforts in the developing world and thus earn additional credits equal to the full value of its mitigation efforts -LRB- thus allowing more emissions at home -RRB- .
As for developing countries , while they would not have explicit credits or targets until they graduate to advanced-country status , they would know that at some point -LRB- say , when their carbon emissions reach the average level of advanced countries -RRB- they would be included in the global system of restrictions .
If they continue their current strong growth trajectories , as seems likely , they will approach advanced-country levels of income by mid-century or shortly thereafter .
At that point , the part of the world 's population with advanced-country income levels -LRB- $ 20,000 dollars or above in today 's dollars -RRB- would increase from 16 % to 66 % .
Without mitigation , and assuming that the high-growth developing countries reach current advanced-country levels of annual per capita CO2 emissions -LRB- 10 to 11 tons , though much higher in North America -RRB- , the current global average of 4.8 tons will almost double in 50 years , to 8.7 tons .
Indeed , it is not reasonable to expect that any country , rich or poor , should set or agree to 50-year targets .
As a result , many believe that a `` new normal '' of slower advanced-country growth is upon us .
A 1 % slowdown in advanced-country growth translates into roughly $ 350 billion of missing aggregate demand every year , in addition to the shortfall because of rebalancing in the US .
If the advanced-country scenario is right , many developing countries will lose out and experience sharply diminished growth .
Second , everyone must recognize their stake in restoring balanced advanced-country growth as much and as soon as possible in order to counter the ongoing shortfall in aggregate demand .
Externally , major trading partners and holders of advanced-country assets can support rebalancing by agreeing to avoid sudden and potentially destabilizing shifts in the composition of their balance sheets .
NEW YORK -- As I try to grasp the full meaning of the Tunisian Revolution and gauge its future , I am looking at my desk , where I have spread two issues of The New York Times , both featuring Tunisia on their front pages .
Where will they drive the country ?
Prior to his rule , even before the French takeover in 1881 , a line of nationalist leaders stretching back to the late eighteenth century looked to Europe and the Enlightenment for solutions to the country 's problems .
That does not bode well for a domino effect , as no other Arab country has either a strong middle class or a tradition of modern , secular government .
He achieved an enviable rate of economic development for a country starved of natural resources , helped to eradicate poverty , and deepened Tunisia 's ties with Europe through tourism , trade , and cultural relations .
Despite the extensive physical damage and loss of life inflicted on the country by some of Ben-Ali 's die-hard supporters , the tense and dangerous few days that followed the dictator 's fall did not change the course of the revolution .
Looking once more at the news of January 15 , I feel pride and hope : pride for a country that has shown the world its readiness to establish a genuine , secular democracy , and hope for what is to come .
In each country , rapid reform was seen as detrimental to national interests .
No one predicted what happened in Egypt and Tunisia , which means that no Arab country is immune .
People will not be satisfied with economic handouts or cosmetic changes in governance ; they are demanding real change that puts their country on a clear path toward democracy .
President Barack Obama rejected many of the policies of the George W. Bush administration that were seen as trying to force democracy on Arab countries .
BUDAPEST -- This summer , Turkey 's ruling Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- narrowly escaped being banned by the country 's constitutional court .
State prosecutors alleged that the party was trying to `` Islamicize '' the country and ultimately introduce theocracy .
On numerous occasions , he has argued that his country needs to rethink its traditional strict separation of state and religion , called laïcité .
In Italy , Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi precipitated a constitutional crisis by trying to rush through emergency legislation to prevent a comatose patient from being taken off life support . This reminded many observers of what the America 's Republican Party tried to do in order to demonstrate its `` pro-life commitments '' during George W. Bush 's presidency .
Finally , there is Britain , usually seen as perhaps the most secular country in Western Europe , and thus the least likely candidate to see the return of religion of any kind -LRB- outside its Muslim community -RRB- .
The British minister responsible for the test justified the idea by claiming that `` the simple act of taking one 's turn is one of the things that holds our country together .
The lesson is that national governments should not test the attitudes of immigrants to moral and cultural questions that remain controversial even among established members of the host country .
Tests should communicate lessons about rights and democracy , that is , politics -- not about lifestyles or the supposed core content of a `` national culture '' -LRB- on which established members of a host country themselves would probably be hard pressed to reach consensus -RRB- .
And every country should think very carefully about what it wishes to communicate about itself .
This also means that political elites should try to understand and work with the message of indignation -- and not cynically play up anger for electoral advantage .
While Germans generally see no legitimacy in a global role , even in alliance with the country 's old partners , Germany 's neighbors do not find a German-led Europe legitimate .
To the extent that there is a new German patriotism , it is ironic ; if there is pride , it is pride in how thoroughly the country has dealt with the double legacy of Nazism and East German state socialism -LRB- in addition to pride in the economy and the constitution -RRB- .
Of course , every euro-zone country is breaching the SGP 's deficit ceiling as a result of the current crisis .
This change is occurring at slightly different speeds across the Arab world , but often it is occurring simultaneously in town and country .
The twenty-or-more institutions of this type are run by the Ministry of Public Security and are subordinate provincial departments .
Chinese forensic psychiatry has gone through several phases .
At first , the 1990s brought a decrease in politically directed psychiatry .
The outside world is not helpless in fighting against China 's abuse of psychiatry .
Zimbabwe 's upcoming elections , scheduled for March 29 , offer both fear and hope to the millions trapped in or trying to escape the country 's hellish conditions .
The Zimbabwe Election Support Network has also expressed concern about the country 's state of readiness for this complex election , which will combine presidential , parliamentary , senatorial , and local government contests .
The UN would say it must be invited into a country before it can take certain forms of action , such as sending official election observers .
But a country does not fail of its own volition , nor is it weakened by unknown causes .
A country fails , when it fails , for definite , identifiable reasons .
Land-mines defile the countryside .
For these and many other reasons , rebuilding Afghanistan 's economy will require not only economic reconstruction but an effort to reinvent the country 's political and cultural institutions .
Rebuilding the country can not be done cheaply .
Three problems are of immediate concern , the most important being feeding the Afghan people - both within the country and in refugee camps outside Afghanistan .
To achieve this goal , the agricultural economy must be revived in order to revive this industry , providing jobs and food for people .
Planners should take advantage of the country 's decentralized nature and emphasize private sector participation in reconstruction .
Essential here , is to attract expatriate Afghans with skills and professional achievements to help in rebuilding the country by establishing small firms that will suck up the unemployed .
To abandon the country again would be criminal folly .
Macroeconomic policy harmonization is needed to ensure that changes in one SADC member country do not adversely affect economic activity elsewhere .
This is attributable mainly to Angola , Botswana , and Namibia , owing to cyclical investment behavior in the petroleum and extraction industry , and to South Africa , where privatization and acquisitions activity have slowed .
Originally scheduled for October 2007 , the election was brought forward to break a deadlock between the parliament and the government over the number of electoral districts in the country .
The royal family is empowered to administer the country , but through consultation with different sectors , like tribal leaders or merchant groups .
Compared to other Gulf monarchies , the Kuwaiti royal family has limited powers , though constitutional rules have frequently been ignored -- charges of vote-rigging marred the 1967 election , and parliamentary dissolution has dotted the country 's history .
Kuwaiti life reflects the many and varied political trends throughout the Arab world , as the country 's open society and economic opportunities have made it a powerful magnet and regional safety valve since the 1950 's .
I experienced directly the difficulty of trying to offer an alternative view of Iraq and its cultural life .
We had a terrible time trying to publish our writings or getting coverage of the society 's activities .
But states that specialize in a capability should do so as a part of a `` country cluster '' to minimize the risk of a nation facing a military challenge that its forces are unprepared to meet .
New EU `` Battlegroups '' should be strengthened through regular training and certification , preferably using NATO standards , and the EU Military Committee should hold regular Battlegroup conferences to solicit country contributions to future formations .
European industry is also a vital factor in European defense integration , but it suffers from fragmented demand , counterproductive intra-European trade regulations , and a mostly outdated Cold-War military infrastructure .
Both NATO and the EU have roles to play in working with industry to enhance Europe 's defense capabilities .
Judgment in Phnom Penh Three decades after the Khmer Rouge killed a quarter of Cambodia 's seven million people , a court to try the most responsible surviving leaders is set to open its doors .
There are good reasons why mixed tribunals should have substantial national components . Nonetheless , this arrangement poses particular challenges in a country where the quality and independence of judicial decision-making have long been questioned .
At the very least , court staff should work with local groups to convene meetings about the trials , and the issues they raise , in communities across the country .
In trying them , the ICTY has been a model of fairness at all times .
He had to flee his country , paving the way for the democratic transition that resulted in the recent election of Ellen Johnson Sirleaf .
Although the prosecutor for the Special Court for Sierra Leone indicted Taylor in March 2003 for his crimes in the war that had devastated that country , the indictment was not disclosed publicly until three months later .
The indictment was made public in June 2003 , while Taylor was attending a peace conference in Ghana that was intended to settle the civil war in his own country .
After all , the Court has no means of its own to arrest anyone in Sudan , much less a head of state who commands the country 's armed forces .
NEW YORK -- Perhaps no country on earth -- not even Iraq , Afghanistan , or Sudan -- has suffered more gravely from armed conflict in the past decade and a half than the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
The main causes of the fighting that has afflicted the DRC for so long have been competition for control of that impoverished country 's vast natural resources and neighboring Rwanda 's effort to wipe out what it sees as a potential threat posed by perpetrators of the 1994 genocide who took refuge in the DRC .
Suffering continues even in parts of the country where peace has been restored , manifested in the epidemic of sexual violence , much of it committed by former combatants , that has swept the country .
No fewer than 210 Congolese nongovernmental organizations , including those enjoying the widest recognition and respect across the country , recently joined in challenging President Joseph Kabila 's attempt to take control of the National Assembly -LRB- the lower house of Parliament -RRB- that came into office after historic elections in 2006 .
The National Assembly plays a key role in attempting to improve governance in the country .
It has had a crucial role in the effort to regularize the mining industry so that the DRC 's mineral wealth may be used to improve living standards , rather than only to enrich local warlords and the foreign governments and corporate interests allied with them .
The attempt by Congolese civil society to foster democratic development may be the best thing that has happened in the country in a long time .
It deserves the attention and support of all those who seek a better future for a vast country that has long endured plunder and misrule .
NEW YORK -- The assassination of Salman Taseer , the governor of Punjab province in Pakistan and an outspoken critic of religious extremism , has focused attention on his country 's draconian blasphemy law .
The evidence available to him and to us about those investigations is clearly too paltry to warrant such a shift .
He could also be tried before a national court in a country that accepts the idea of universal jurisdiction , as happened in Spain as well as in the United Kingdom in the case of Chile 's former dictator , General Augusto Pinochet .
If Saddam were granted sanctuary in a country such as Belarus or Libya , he would probably remain safe from prosecution , but only as long as he never leaves .
The creation of Camp X-Ray at Guantanamo , and President Bush 's executive order establishing military commissions to try those held there , aimed to deal with prisoners seized during the war in Afghanistan whom the US considered to be `` unlawful combatants . ''
At least a dozen journalists have been arrested under AIPPA , including the only foreign correspondent permanently based in the country , Andrew Meldrum of the British newspaper The Guardian .
For Turkey , tensions reflect the lack of progress on the country 's application for EU membership .
Now , Yanukovich seems determined -- for the most shortsighted of motives -- to weaken Ukraine fatally as an energy-transit country .
The country 's biggest media baron , who happens to be the head of state security , expands his media empire by abusing the courts .
Yanukovich 's systematic dismantling of Ukraine 's democratic institutions is damaging the country 's potential as a European strategic asset .
There is now a whole industry of such products , as well as health foods classified as `` natural , '' `` organic , '' and `` functional . ''
If you routinely buy such foods , you are among LOHAS -LRB- Lifestyles of Health and Sustainability -RRB- consumers -- the health food industry 's cherished demographic base .
Homosexuals have been able to register civil partnerships since 1995 and marry since 2009 , and the country is one of the most radical in its understanding of women 's rights -- as WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange can attest .
Moreover , Sweden 's far-reaching freedom of expression is one reason why Assange located WikiLeaks ' servers in the country .
According to a last testament left behind by the attacker , a Swedish citizen named Taimour Abdulwahab , Christmas shoppers in downtown Stockholm had to die in retaliation for `` the Swedes ' support '' for Lars Vilks , an artist who stirred outrage in the country with drawings of the Prophet Muhammad as a dog .
Two young men were recently sentenced to prison for trying to set fire to the artist 's home .
Only a few of the country 's newspapers and political magazines published Vilks ' drawings .
The Sweden Democrats -LRB- SD -RRB- , a party with roots in the country 's white-supremacist movement , entered the parliament for the first time in September 2010 , with the support of 5.7 % of the Swedish electorate .
China 's See-No-Evil Diplomacy Ever since its founding , the People 's Republic of China has adhered to a foreign policy of non-interference in other country 's internal affairs -- or so it claims .
If China maintains its non-interference policy , it will become increasingly difficult to mask that doctrine 's malevolence behind the façade of the country 's `` charm offensive . ''
Although free speech is no panacea for China 's woes , only when it is established will the country 's progress be sustainable .
Motherland 's proclaimed policies , a heady brew of nationalism and socialism , are espoused by seasoned leaders , including the economist Sergei Glazyev , chairman of the Duma foreign affairs committee Dmitry Rogozin , and former Central Bank head Viktor Gerashchenko .
Similarly , the European Union 's leadership is criticized for its inability to secure economic growth rates of more than 1-2 % ; by this standard , any government of a country with 7 % growth -- such as Putin 's Russia -- should be called super-effective .
Back then , most of the country was not governed at all , half of the economy 's productive capacity vanished , the Kremlin could not get a single reform law through the Communist Duma , and only lazy people were not talking about the country 's disintegration .
It is difficult today to imagine tanks firing on a legally elected parliament or privatization of state assets -- as well as delegation of the actual running of the country -- to the head of state 's family and business cronies .
Recall Yevgeny Primakov -- or Putin at the end of Boris Yeltsin 's last presidential term , when it was obvious to everyone that the prime minister was running the country .
Of course , stability requires agreement between the two key actors ; and there are sure to be plenty of opponents and allies trying to stir up trouble between them .
He is a fluent English speaker who does not have a secret-service background and has been dealing with the West for almost a decade as the Russian energy industry 's leading figure .
Unfortunately , however , words mean almost nothing in such a Byzantine country .
And , with the resource boom fueling Russia 's self-proclaimed return to international influence , the Kremlin will continue to exploit its successful strategy of playing one European country off against another , aided by the EU 's lack of a coherent Russia strategy and a common energy policy .
Medvedev is unlikely to try to change course .
The West ca n't change Russia 's behavior with persuasion , so it must try to use its leverage : make the Nabucco pipeline bypassing Russia a reality , build LNG terminals , include energy in Europe 's Common Foreign and Security Policy , diversify supply , and screen companies seeking capital in London 's stock exchange more carefully .
Second , the bloody 1959 revolution in Rwanda , a country mirroring Burundi 's ethnic and social structure , induced Burundi 's Tutsi to cling even more tightly to power .
At the same time , Burundi 's Hutu saw Rwanda as a role model and believed their ethnic majority should guarantee them de facto control of the country .
Fearing retribution by the Tutsi-dominated army , large numbers of Hutu fled the country while armed rebels engaged the army .
-LRB- Burundi is an aid-dependent country , so donors have considerable sway in influencing its rulers ' behavior . -RRB-
It is encouraging to note that Burundi 's leaders have so far managed to integrate leaders from the opposition and rebel groups into the country 's political and military institutions without dismissing incumbents .
Moreover , more than 60 % these deaths occur in the developing world , and here NCD 's increasingly appear in younger age groups , which can have huge implications for how productive a country 's workers are .
The dilemma must be overcome by allowing curiosity to be protected and supported , while trying to capture those of its fruits that will benefit society .
Initiatives aimed at fostering scientific excellence in Europe , like one recently launched in Germany that officially defined three universities , all in the southern part of the country , as `` excellent '' -LRB- qualifying them for extra funding -RRB- , seek to make universities more attractive and thus more competitive .
Rebuilding Haiti From Davos ROME -- When the captains of business and industry meet in Davos for the World Economic Forum this month , the devastation caused by the recent earthquake in Haiti will be near the top of their agenda . It should be , for there is much they can do to help .
Right now , the international relief efforts in Haiti are rightly focused on the country 's urban areas , which suffered most in the earthquake .
Agriculture plays a vital role in Haiti 's economy , yet the country does not produce enough food to feed its people .
Sustainable agricultural development is essential to improving the country 's prospects for long-term economic and food security .
Indeed , smallholder farmers are often extremely efficient producers per hectare , and can contribute to a country 's economic growth and food security .
For example , Vietnam transformed itself from a food-deficit country to the second-largest rice exporter in the world by developing its smallholder farming sector .
The productive capacity of Haiti 's small farmers will be crucial in helping the country to overcome this crisis and avert severe food shortages .
That is why Haiti needs the private sector now more than ever -- to help rebuild both the country and the livelihoods of poor rural people .
Strengthening agriculture is one of the best investments any African country can make .
Researchers believe that this is because only 17 % of rural communities in the country live within one mile of a paved road .
America can take its time deciding on a new strategy in Afghanistan without considering European views , despite the presence of more than 30,000 European troops in the country .
None of this means that men and women should not try to adjust to each other 's wishes , ask for shared responsibility with housework , or expect to be `` heard . ''
-LRB- Other democracies , such as the United Kingdom and Spain , always try terrorism suspects , including alleged Al Qaida members , in ordinary criminal trials -RRB- .
Second , perhaps he needs to be able to try the Guantánamo detainees in a rigged setting , or even keep them from trial forever : lawyers claim that torture , including sexual torture , was so endemic in the CIA and the military that Obama could be holding scores , if not hundreds , of prisoners whose bodies are crime scenes .
There is no way to disguise the reality : newspaper readers , in the West at least , are getting older ; younger readers prefer to get their information online , where readers spend far less time actually reading news than print readers do ; and , most agonizingly of all for the industry , people who were willing to pay for newspapers are unwilling to pay for the same content on a screen .
In Liberia , Bush called for Taylor 's resignation as a precondition for constructive dialogue and a more active involvement by the US in seeking a peaceful solution to the 15 years of internecine war that ruined the country 's economy and infrastructure , as well inciting wars in most of its neighbors .
No country can rule out unilateral action in cases that involve its very survival .
In balancing whether to use multilateral or unilateral tactics , or to adhere or refuse to go along with particular multilateral initiatives , any country must consider how to explain its actions to others and what the effects will be on its soft power .
If the US first makes an effort to consult others and try a multilateral approach , its occasional unilateral tactics are more likely to be forgiven .
Even a solitary superpower should follow this rule of thumb : try multilateralism first .
Like Franklin Roosevelt , who acted very cautiously in trying to persuade American opinion to abandon isolationism in the 1930 's , Merkel has proceeded cautiously on saving the euro .
Some skeptics argue that one man 's terrorist is another man 's freedom fighter , and that treating suppression of terrorism as a global public good is thus merely the hypocrisy of the powerful trying to disarm the weak .
Countries cooperate out of self-interest , but a country 's soft or attractive power , not only its military might , affects the degree of cooperation .
Today , about two-thirds of the people polled in ten European countries say they admire America for its popular culture and progress in science and technology , but only a third think the spread of American customs in their country is a good idea .
Even Rumsfeld is trying to be conciliatory !
As Bush 's budget request to Congress puts it , `` Rarely has the need for a sustained effort to ensure foreign understanding for our country and society been so clearly evident . ''
A country 's attractiveness or soft power stems partly from its culture and values -LRB- where they are attractive to others -RRB- , but it also grows out of a country 's policies when they are seen as legitimate , consultative , and inclusive of the interests of others .
China would still have a vast , underdeveloped countryside , and would not equal the US in per capita income until sometime after 2075 -LRB- depending on the measures of comparison . -RRB-
Trade between the two giants has grown from $ 100 million in 1994 to nearly $ 14 billion last year , and India 's minister of commerce and industry has predicted that it will double by this decade 's end .
Neither country aims to restrain China in the way the `` containment '' strategy aimed at an aggressive Soviet Union during the Cold War , but both want to create an international structure that does not tempt China to throw its weight around .
But recent events do spell the end of one version of European integration -- the vision of an `` ever closer union '' producing a federal country that would become a new superpower .
On this bottom board , the degree of close civilian cooperation is also important , which is affected by a country 's attractiveness or soft power .
At the Cold War 's end , East European countries did not try to form local alliances , as they did in the 1920 's , but looked toward Brussels as the magnet for their futures .
Already the scenes of looters exploiting the chaos in the early aftermath of the storm have been replaced with stories of charitable contributions from other parts of the country , of children being accepted into schools outside the city , and of families being helped by strangers .
Of course , the Sunnis comprise a minority in Iraq , so insurgents have little prospect of `` winning '' control of the country the way North Vietnam was able to win control of South Vietnam .
By the end of the century , Japan 's remarkable performance not only made the Japanese wealthy , but also enhanced the country 's soft power .
As the first non-Western country that drew even with the West in modernity while showing that it is possible to maintain a unique culture , Japan has more potential soft-power resources than any other Asian country .
By mid-century , Japan 's population could shrink by 30 % unless it attracts 17 million immigrants -- a hard task in a country historically resistant to immigration .
Moreover , transnational connections in the information industry are close , as Western high-tech companies increasingly employ affiliates in Bangalore and Shanghai to provide real-time services .
A country 's soft power rests upon the attractiveness of its culture , the appeal of its domestic political and social values , and the style and substance of its foreign policies .
But neither country yet ranks high on the various indices of potential soft-power resources that are possessed by the US , Europe , and Japan .
At first glance , this looks like a classic case of a large country bullying a small country into submission .
When considered in this wider European context , there was more symmetry in the Russia-Ukraine energy relationship than the simple numbers on energy dependence implied at first glance .
But , as the Ukraine episode indicates , pipelines dedicated to a single country may be less reliable than those that run through several countries .
China and India have been crisscrossing the globe making financially and politically costly deals to try to lock up the output of new oil-producing countries .
For example , when Western countries discouraged their oil companies from dealing with Sudan 's government because of its inadequate response to the genocide in Darfur , China was quick to buy up the country 's oil .
What matters is the total amount of oil a country imports , not where it comes from .
Rather than try to build as many nuclear weapons as possible , he proclaimed a doctrine of `` sufficiency , '' holding only a minimal number for protection .
In trying to repair communism , he punched a hole in it .
Health care deteriorated and the mortality rate increased -LRB- the only developed country where that occurred -RRB- .
According to one Soviet economist , by the late 1980 's , only 8 % of Soviet industry was globally competitive .
It is difficult for a country to remain a superpower when the world does n't want 92 % of what it produces .
While military power remains important , it is a mistake for any country to discount the role of economic power and soft power .
A well-run military can be a source of attraction , and military cooperation and training programs can establish transnational networks that enhance a country 's soft power .
Iran 's insistence on enrichment inside the country is widely attributed to its desire to produce highly enriched uranium for a bomb .
Given North Korea 's past deceptions , and the difficulty of verifying denuclearization in a totalitarian country , a verifiable agreement will be difficult to reach .
The US invasion of Iraq , a country that was not connected to the 9\/11 attacks , squandered that good will , and the attractiveness of the US in Muslim countries like Indonesia plummeted from 75 % approval in 2000 to half that level today .
By simultaneously encouraging China 's entry into the World Trade Organization and other institutions , we created incentives for good behavior .
The US should quietly try to nudge these steps forward .
Now Bush will increase the number of American troops in Baghdad and Anbar Province and try to stabilize both the rising sectarian civil war and the Sunni insurgency .
What Iraq has taught is the importance of developing civil society and the rule of law before trying to hold broad-based elections .
But often the US is the only country that can bring parties together .
Welcoming the rise of Chinese power in terms of that country 's becoming a `` responsible stakeholder '' is an invitation to begin such a dialogue .
Moreover , a variable geometry of attendance at meetings might weaken the development of a personal chemistry and the breadth of bargaining that can arise when the same group of leaders meets regularly to discuss a broader range of subjects .
Marcos de Azambuja , former secretary-general of Brazil 's Foreign Ministry , agrees that international life can not be managed solely or primarily by vast assemblies of nearly 200 states with enormous disparities in their political and economic weight .
He suggests something like an `` L-14 '' would be an effective group to reflect the world as it is evolving , and could be quickly accomplished by expanding the current G-8 to include China , India , Brazil , South Africa , Mexico , and a Muslim country .
Whatever the geometry of such a consultative group , it would be designed to supplement the UN in reaching decisions , and would help galvanize bureaucracies in member governments to address key transnational issues .
For example , in the aftermath of the recent government crackdown in Myanmar -LRB- Burma -RRB- , the Secretary General was able to send a representative to the country , but with powers limited to reporting and attempted mediation .
At the Cold War 's end , East European countries did not try to form local alliances , as they did in the 1920 's , but looked toward Brussels to secure their future .
The US will remain the most powerful country in 2020 , but , paradoxically , the strongest state since the days of Rome will be unable to protect its citizens acting alone .
People always try to bend systems to their own purposes , and good leaders play a critical role in maintaining their systems ' integrity .
Over the years , various suggestions have been made with a view to making the alliance more symmetrical , including that Japan become a `` normal '' country with a full panoply of military capabilities , even nuclear weapons .
Even if Japan implemented them , they would still not equal the capacity of the US or eliminate the asymmetry .
But the triangle is not equilateral , because the US is allied with Japan , and China need not become a threat to either country if they maintain that alliance .
The danger is that Party leaders , trying to counter the erosion of communism , will turn to nationalism to provide ideological glue , which could lead to an unstable foreign policy -- including , for example , conflict over Taiwan .
American relations with Japan and China remain strong , and he has greatly enhanced the United States ' ties with India , the world 's second most populous country .
As a senior foreign ministry official told Emmott in 2007 , `` the thing you have to understand is that both of us -LRB- India and China -RRB- think that the future belongs to us .
Last year , the US suggested quadrilateral defense exercises including US , Japanese , Indian , and Australian naval units , but the newly elected Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has pulled his country out of such arrangements .
Some theorists try to explain this with an `` alpha male theory of leadership . ''
In 1977 , when I served in President Jimmy Carter 's State Department , I was sent to India to dissuade that country 's leaders from developing a nuclear bomb .
Now the world 's attention is focussed on Iran , one recipient of Pakistani technology , as the country seemingly keenest to create its own nuclear arsenal .
Even if a country agrees to broad ranging IAEA inspections , it can legally accumulate enriched uranium -LRB- or reprocessed plutonium -RRB- under the guise of a peaceful energy program , and then suddenly declare that circumstances have changed and withdraw from the treaty - with the ability to produce nuclear weapons on short notice .
Not only is the US military busy trying in Iraq , but the way the US went into Iraq - which proved to have fewer nuclear capabilities than Iran - undermined American credibility , making it difficult to recruit allies to contain Iran 's nuclear ambitions .
The Council would declare that further proliferation of nuclear weapons is a threat to peace , and that any country moving in that direction is subject to sanctions .
It is time for the Security Council to try to internationalize the most dangerous parts of the nuclear fuel cycle .
Moreover , some countries , such as Russia , which could benefit economically from a warmer Siberia , have different incentives from countries like Bangladesh , a poor country that is likely to be flooded by rising sea levels that will accompany global warming .
Coal is cheap and widely available in China , which is important as the country scrambles for energy resources to keep its many energy-intensive industries running .
America 's Crisis Election CAMBRIDGE -- On November 4 , Americans will elect their 44th president amidst the worst financial turmoil the country has known since the onset of the Great Depression in 1929 . Both candidates are United States senators with little experience as executives , so their ability to manage the crisis has become a central issue in the election .
The problem of American power in the wake of the financial crisis is not one of decline , but of a realization that even the most powerful country can not achieve its aims without the help of others .
Obama Meets the World CAMBRIDGE -- Many people will try to set President Barack Obama 's priorities , but one person is sure to have a major effect .
Increased training of the Afghan army and police , and a political dialogue inside the country and with neighbors will be important components of any solution .
The paradox of American power is that the strongest country since the days of Rome can not achieve its objectives acting alone .
A `` liberal realist '' policy should look to the long-term evolution of world order and realize the responsibility of the international system 's strongest country to produce global public goods -- things people and governments around the world want but can not otherwise attain -- as Britain did in the nineteenth century .
What about the resources the secessionists take with them , or the disruption they create in the country they leave ?
Hard economic times are correlated with protectionism , as each country blames others and protects its domestic jobs .
In addition , some 30 million visitors -LRB- students , businesspeople , tourists -RRB- enter the country each year .
The US is the only country with large state of the art air , naval , and ground forces capable of global deployment - thus , the quick victory in Iraq last year .
Because of its leading edge in the information revolution , and its vast investment in traditional power resources , the US will remain the world 's single most powerful country well into this new century .
When we try to impose democracy , we tarnish it .
The North Koreans have violated their agreements , knowing that China , the country with the greatest potential leverage , is most concerned about regime collapse in North Korea , and thus the threat of chaos on its borders .
A South Korean is Secretary-General of the United Nations ; Seoul will host next year 's G-20 summit ; and the country has just reached a free-trade agreement with the European Union .
In the newspaper 's words , `` state of the art factories , high-tech weapons , advanced information communications infrastructure are the key components that a country must have for stronger international competitiveness . ''
But for these `` hard power '' ingredients to become true engines of the country 's growth and prosperity , they must be backed by more sophisticated and highly efficient `` soft power . ''
Sometimes , Koreans compare their country of 50 million to a neighbor like China or a superpower like the US and believe that they can not compete with such giants .
For example , in the past two decades , Norway , a country of only five million people , has taken a lead in peace talks .
Korean popular culture has also crossed borders , particularly among younger people in neighboring Asian countries , while the impressive success of the Korean diaspora in the US has further enhanced the attractiveness of the culture and country from which they came .
The second generation relied on massed firepower and culminated in World War I ; its slogan was that artillery conquers and infantry occupies .
Great powers try to use culture and narrative to create soft power that promotes their advantage , but they do not always understand how to do it . Critics in the United States complain that the over-militarization of foreign policy undercuts its credibility .
Governments need to correct daily misrepresentations of their policies , as well as to try to convey a longer-term strategic message .
The US is more powerful than any country since the Roman Empire , but like Rome , America is neither invincible nor invulnerable .
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said he spent more time consulting his Chinese counterparts than those in any other country .
CAMBRIDGE -- When the United States Congress approved President Barack Obama 's plan to extend health-care coverage to nearly all Americans , it marked the most important social legislation the country had seen since the 1960 's .
Recently , many observers argued that America 's gridlocked political system would prevent the country from translating its abundant power resources into leadership .
Its founders believed that a country the size of America is best governed locally , not nationally ... So the basic system works ; but that is no excuse for ignoring areas where it could be reformed , '' such as the gerrymandered safe seats in the House of Representatives and the blocking procedures of Senate rules and filibusters .
When the BRIC acronym was first invented , The Economist objected that `` a country with a growth rate as skimpy as its swimsuits , prey to any financial crisis that was around , a place of chronic political instability , whose infinite capacity to squander its obvious potential was as legendary as its talent for football and carnivals , did not seem to belong with those emerging titans . ''
Obviously , a country whose currency represents a significant proportion of world reserves can gain international power from that position , thanks to easier terms for economic adjustment and the ability to influence other countries .
Neither side is in a hurry to break the symmetry of interdependent vulnerability , but both continue to jockey to shape the structure and institutional framework of their market relationship .
Modern media also help new immigrants to know more about their new country beforehand than immigrants did a century ago .
By contrast , despite Americans ' ambivalence , the US remains a country of immigration .
Today the US is the world 's third most populous country ; 50 years from now it is still likely to be third -LRB- after only China and India -RRB- .
The fact that people want to come to the US , together with immigrants ' upward mobility , enhances the country 's appeal .
A year later , Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze told his officials , `` You and I represent a great country that in the last 15 years has been more and more losing its position as one of the leading industrially developed nations . ''
The answer is likely to lie in what Europeans have dubbed `` variable geometry . '' There will be many multilateralisms and `` mini-lateralisms , '' which will vary by issue with the distribution of power resources .
As one experienced diplomat put it , `` if you 're trying to negotiate an exchange-rate deal with 20 countries or a bailout of Mexico , as in the early Clinton days , with 20 countries , that 's not easy .
Japan 's economy has suffered two decades of slow growth because of the poor policy decisions that followed the collapse of the country 's massive asset-price bubble in the early 1990 's .
A century and a half ago , Japan became the first non-Western country to adapt successfully to modern globalization .
After centuries of isolation , Japan 's Meiji restoration chose selectively from the rest of the world , and within 50 years the country had become strong enough to defeat a European great power , in the Russo-Japanese War .
Ostensibly , North Korea is a weak country with a disastrous economic system .
So , while China is trying to moderate the current crisis , its influence is limited .
After independence in 1947 , India followed an inward-looking policy that focused on heavy industry .
Martin Wolf of the Financial Times calls India a `` premature superpower '' -- a country with low living standards but a huge economy .
India has an influential diaspora , and its motion picture industry , `` Bollywood , '' is the largest in the world in terms of the number of films produced yearly , out-competing Hollywood in parts of Asia and the Middle East .
At the same time , India remains very much an underdeveloped country , with hundreds of millions of illiterate , destitute citizens .
Japan 's single-minded focus on economic growth achieved its goal , but the country developed only modest military and soft power .
China would still have a vast underdeveloped countryside .
Some Chinese demographers worry that the country will get old before getting rich .
This will certainly bring the Chinese closer to the US in terms of power resources , but China will not necessarily surpass the US as the most powerful country .
In 1914 , Britain 's net export of capital gave it an important financial kitty to draw upon -LRB- though some historians consider that it would have been better to have invested the money in domestic industry -RRB- .
Moreover , cultural pessimism is very American , extending back to the country 's Puritan roots .
At the end of that decade , American 's believed the country was in decline ; yet , within a decade , they believed that the US was the sole superpower .
When we try to impose democracy , we tarnish it .
Another aspect of America 's domestic practice of liberal democracy that is currently being debated is how the country deals with the threat of terrorism .
First , there was an asymmetry of information .
But , with America 's debt on a path to equaling its national income in a decade , and a fumbling political system that can not seem to address the country 's fundamental challenges , are the `` declinists '' finally right ?
Economic growth will bring China closer to the US in power resources , but that does n't necessarily mean that China will surpass the US as the most powerful country .
As Japan , India , and others try to balance Chinese power , they welcome an American presence .
Serbia 's Choice On January 20 , Serbs go to the polls for the first round of a presidential election that may decide the country 's future for decades to come .
His argument that Kosovo should remain an integral part of Serbia , and that Russia is a more natural -LRB- Slavic -RRB- ally for the Serbs than perfidious Europe , resonates strongly in a country traumatized by its recent past .
Ireland is the only country to put the Treaty to a referendum -- all the other member states have chosen to ratify the Treaty by parliamentary means -- and everything indicates that the result will be close .
With the Czech Republic set to assume the presidency of the EU on January 1 , 2009 , there is a distinct fear that Klaus will use his position as Czech head of state to try to sabotage efforts to rescue the Lisbon Treaty .
Germany 's Constitutional Court has been among the most prominent in declaring what it considers to be the appropriate limits to EU integration , consistent with the country 's Basic Law -LRB- constitution -RRB- .
The discontent within Germany with the cumulative impact of these decisions has been expressed publicly by some of the country 's most trusted public representatives .
Thus , Ireland might yet play as significant a part as Germany in determining the future of any amendments to the EU constitutional order , with each country 's top court playing as important a role as politicians in shaping Europe 's future .
So , the G-20 's endorsement of the Fund 's guidelines would not be wise for a world economy trying to recover from one financial crisis while preventing the next one .
This is where Sarkozy came in , using his platform as G-20 host to try to forge a set of enforceable guidelines to govern capital-flow management .
Rather than embracing a globally enforceable code of conduct that could paradoxically lead to a compulsory opening of capital accounts across the globe , the IMF , the G-20 , the Financial Stability Board , and other bodies should try to reduce the stigma attached to capital-account regulations and protect countries ' ability to deploy them .
Consequently , global economic expansion will slow , as no other major country is set to take over as the main engine of growth .
Coordination will surely deliver more satisfactory outcomes than what any one country can achieve on its own .
This generated a huge asymmetry in the world economy , as industrial countries , excluding Japan , hold only 2.6 % of GDP in reserves . One basic reason is that the only `` collective insurance '' available is limited and highly conditional IMF lending .
It would also be a much better mechanism with which to finance the IMF during crises than the credit lines to the IMF from a few countries -LRB- `` arrangements to borrow '' -RRB- that the G-20 is again advocating , as it is truly multilateral financing that does not depend on any individual country .
Recent IMF reforms are just a step in the direction of trying to create better financial instruments to help these countries .
The second paradox is that monetary expansion may be largely ineffective in the country that undertakes it , but can generate large negative externalities on others .
Indeed , the world will be characterized for several years by the asymmetry generated by advanced countries ' weakness and emerging economies ' strength , which calls for asymmetry in these two groups of countries ' monetary policies .
This asymmetry has spurred huge capital flows from the former to the latter , which are likely to continue .
Small wonder , then , that several emerging economies are using capital controls to try to manage the flood .
An institutional framework implies that CFMs should be part of a country 's permanent policy toolkit , and that regulations are strengthened or weakened depending on the phase of the business cycle .
Essentially , it sought to neutralize sentiments such as those expressed in a memo attributed to Lawrence Summers , former Harvard President and now Director of President Barack Obama 's National Economic Council : `` I think the economic logic behind dumping a load of toxic waste in the lowest wage country is impeccable and we should face up to that . ''
For numerous reasons , not every country can afford to build smelting facilities that operate at the level claimed by Umicore .
The result is an entirely new geopolitical model -- the country as corporation .
But they dare not overrun the open , commercial ethic of China 's region-states -- the source of their country 's prosperity .
None of this was conceivable as recently as 1992 , when Beijing 's proclamation of `` one country , two systems '' - and the decision to peg the mainland 's currency , the Renminbi , to the Hong Kong dollar - unleashed the floodgates of foreign investment .
In the US or Japan , facing entrenched industry opposition , such a startup might never have gotten off the ground .
But by selling to Chinese hospitals first , Neusoft built up a customer base that will allow it to challenge the existing medical electronics industry worldwide , just as Honda and Toyota challenged the worldwide auto industry in the 1970s .
The verb `` to uniqlo-ize '' -LRB- to cut costs dramatically through Chinese production and eliminating intermediaries -RRB- has entered Japan 's business vernacular , as in : `` Can we uniqlo-ize the housing industry ? ''
Instead of fleeing the country , capital was flowing in more rapidly than ever before .
Such melodrama abounded from November 2009 , when ailing President Umaru Yar ` Adua was flown out of the country for treatment , until the just-concluded general elections , Nigeria 's fourth since military rule ended in 1999 .
He is an Ijaw , an ethnic minority in the South-South , one of Nigeria 's six political regions , whereas the country 's governance had historically been dominated by the three largest ethnic groups -- the Hausa-Fulani , found mainly in the North-West and North-East , the Igbo in the South-East , and the Yoruba in the South-West .
The PDP , which had been in power since 1999 and had failed to tackle the country 's pressing economic and political problems , was not a favorite at the polls .
Moreover , the consensus countrywide was that the revamped Independent National Electoral Commission -LRB- INEC -RRB- , under the leadership of Attahiru Jega , a respected university teacher , would help cut the PDP down to size by ensuring free and fair elections at long last .
Nigeria 's main challenge now is to maintain peace and unity between the country 's fractious ethnic groups while implementing policy , political , and constitutional reforms aimed at quickening the pace of democratization , delivering shared prosperity , and firmly binding Nigeria 's constituent parts into a `` more perfect union . ''
Buhari polled strongly in his home region , and Jonathan did well in southern Nigeria , creating the impression that the country 's dormant fissures are about to erupt .
Growing calls by southern political leaders for `` true federalism , '' if implemented , would significantly reduce the North 's share of the country 's oil revenues , further destabilizing the country unless Jonathan pursues it in a bipartisan and disinterested manner .
In August , Boko Haram , a shadowy and violent Muslim sect operating in the northeastern part of the country , bombed a building housing staff of the United Nations in the central part of the city , killing 23 people and seriously injuring 86 .
Ever since its bloody repression of the Igbo secession bid in the late 1960 's , Nigeria 's military has prided itself on its ability to `` neutralize '' ethno-religious insurgency and preserve the country 's unity .
The O'odua People 's Congress , an ethnic self-determination movement in the western part of the country , was also met with military force .
Moreover , unemployment and poverty rates are higher in Nigeria 's north than in other parts of the country .
To make Boko Haram appear more potent , its members play up this alleged affiliation , and even claim to have the support of `` important '' people in the northern part of the country .
There is raging debate in the country over how best to do that .
The United States , Israel , and Britain have also expressed willingness to provide Nigeria with counter-terrorism support , but this `` help , '' if accepted , would only inflame passions in the country 's Islamic belt .
The fundamental problem in northern Nigeria , as in other parts of the country , is deepening poverty , mass unemployment , and the widespread belief that Nigeria 's leaders are only looking after their own interests .
After the sound and fury of its recent elections , Africa 's most populous country appears set to face violence and chaos born of deprivation and neglect .
Two other candidates stand out . Emeka Odumegwu-Ojukwu is an Oxford-trained historian and retired army officer who led the Biafran secessionist attempt in 1967 , which plunged the country into civil war .
This hope alone keeps the country from disintegrating into a thousand warring parts .
Under fire from shareholders , and facing investigations in the United States , the United Kingdom , and the Netherlands for misrepresenting its oil reserves , Royal Dutch\/Shell is trying to shift the blame to Nigeria .
Confidential company documents made available in late March suggest that Shell withheld vital information on the extent of the downward revaluation of its Nigerian reserves - by 1.5 billion barrels -LRB- 60 % of the country 's total reserves -RRB- - because it wanted to strengthen Nigeria 's hand in negotiating with OPEC to increase the country 's production quota .
However , in late December 2004 , the national election tribunal , sitting in Abuja , the capital , ruled that while the election had been free and fair in most parts of the country , the number of votes was larger than the population in Ogun , the President 's home state .
Simultaneously , the eastern part of the country descended into anarchy .
As military rule became the norm in Africa in the 1970 's , northern army officers imposed an authoritarian and predatory mode of governance on the country , a vicious grip that was loosened only when a resurgent civil society forced them to return to the barracks in 1999 .
The demand for a new constitution emulating Nigeria 's First Republic of the early 1960 's , when the country was a federation of powerful regions enjoying a large measure of fiscal autonomy , grew over the years as Nigeria 's economy plummeted .
The group 's demands include dividing the country into six or eight new regions along broad ethnic lines with powers to generate and spend revenue .
But it is PRONACO 's demand that at least 50 % of the oil revenue derived from the Niger delta and other states in the south be retained in the area of production that most threatens the survival of the country 's survival as a united entity .
Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala , the Finance Minister and the brain behind the government 's economic reforms , was redeployed to head the Foreign Ministry , in a move widely seen as punishment , as Obasanjo has dominated foreign policy-making throughout his tenure .
Obasanjo is also shaking up the oil industry in a double maneuver interpreted as a rap on the knuckles for his Western allies and a last ditch effort to secure a legacy as the one Nigerian leader who tamed corruption in that sector .
American , British , and French oil companies enjoyed a virtual monopoly of Nigeria 's oil industry .
Royal Dutch Shell 's joint venture with the government produces half of the country 's daily output of 2.5 million barrels .
China made a dramatic entry into the picture last April , when Nigerian officials announced that China National Offshore Oil Corporation -LRB- CNOOC -RRB- had bought a 45 % stake in a Nigerian oil field for more than $ 2 billion . That field will pump 225,000 barrels per day when it begins production in 2008 .
In addition to rolling out the welcome mat for energy-hungry China , oil ministry officials say they will tighten financial regulations and impose sanctions on companies seen as defaulting on tax and royalty payments -- moves apparently aimed at local subsidiaries of Western oil companies in the Niger Delta .
The announcement was welcomed by ordinary Nigerians , but incited jitters in the industry , prompting anxious questions about how deep Obasanjo 's angry sword will cut , and how smooth the political succession is likely to be .
Muhammadu Buhari , a retired general who challenged Obasanjo for the presidency in 2003 and lost , has said that he will try again in 2007 on the platform of the All Nigeria People 's Party -LRB- ANPP -RRB- , the second largest party . But the ANPP is also in disarray .
Obasanjo is anxious to thwart the region 's growing armed insurgency , which is driven by widespread poverty and oil industry-related ecological damage .
The Shagari government quickly became mired in corruption and inefficiency , plunging the country into debt and a vicious cycle of unemployment , declining productivity , and social unrest .
Obasanjo 's eight years in office did not resolve Nigeria 's economic and political problems -- key among them a new political framework to fit the country 's social diversity .
Nowadays , the mantra of President Umar Yar ` Adua , who took power in June 2007 , following controversial elections , is to transform the country into one of the world 's 20 largest economies by 2020 .
Yar ` Adua and his Peoples Democratic Party -LRB- PDP -RRB- are struggling to stamp their authority on an unwieldy and restive country of 140 million people , and the government views rapid growth as a means to achieving that aim .
Olusegun Obasanjo , who became Nigeria 's first elected president in 1999 after nearly two decades of military dictatorship , left vast swathes of the country trapped in poverty when he handed power to Yar ` Adua last year .
With oil reaching $ 100 dollars per barrel , and energy-hungry giants like the United States and China beating a path to Nigeria 's door , Africa 's leading oil producer wants to use petrodollars to cure the country 's economic ills and flex its muscles in the international arena .
The Department of Petroleum Resources -LRB- DPR -RRB- , the regulatory agency for the oil industry , has dismissed these claims , vowing to impose hefty fines on companies that flout the deadline .
LAGOS -- The bombs that exploded in Abuja , Nigeria 's capital , as the country was celebrating its golden jubilee earlier this month are a disturbing portent of the unprecedented political territory that the country is entering .
MEND and other local groups are demanding that the country return to `` true federalism '' in the spirit of 1960 , and that 50 % of oil revenue be retained by the region 's inhabitants .
Delta leaders point out that 2011 is the ` minorities ' turn to govern the country after being sat upon by the larger ethnic groups since the end of colonial rule in 1960 .
Besides , PDP 's powerful governors , in control of 28 of the country 's 36 states , see Jonathan as an upstart who came from the middle of nowhere to become president .
This could have far-reaching consequences for the PDP and the country .
ABUJA -- Nigeria 's legislative elections , to be followed by a presidential poll on April 16 , indicate that the ruling Peoples ' Democratic Party -LRB- PDP -RRB- has lost its near-total grip on the country 's politics .
Of the four main opposition parties that fielded candidates for the 469 parliamentary seats in contention , the Action Congress of Nigeria -LRB- ACN -RRB- took the bulk of the votes in the southwest of the country , felling such PDP stalwarts as House speaker Dimeji Bankole and Senator Iyabo Obasanjo-Bello , daughter of former President Olusegun Obasanjo .
Attahiru Jega , a university teacher and chairman of the INEC from August 2010 , overhauled a sclerotic and corrupt election machinery , put in place a new and credible voting register , and retrained and deployed his staff to 120,000 polling stations in a vast country -- all in six months .
After all , the 2007 election that brought Yar ` Adua to power -- the PDP 's third straight `` victory '' -- was judged by local and international observers to be the worst in the country 's history .
That the elections were held at all -- and without violent conflict between the country 's north and south -- is a remarkable achievement .
The country 's mounting problems -- rampant official corruption , decaying social and physical infrastructure , and growing ethnic and religious insurgencies in the northeast , central region , the southeast , and Niger Delta -- are yet to be seriously tackled .
A US military presence in Central Asia is of even greater potential interest to China , a country which , like Russia , has a security relationship with Uzbekistan through membership in the six-nation Shanghai Forum .
Uzbekistan 's President Islam Karimov , for his part , has long believed that it is his country 's destiny to dominate Central Asia .
Over half a billion people live without modern forms of energy , and the continent 's share of global trade remains a paltry 3 % .
As a member country of the AFC , it will benefit from a private sector-driven initiative to accelerate economic development and reduce poverty .
Indeed , how can the G-7 have the audacity to make repeated public comments about the currency of an outside country and hope for a positive response ?
That gives Russia great scope to play one country against another .
Russians expected that , once their country was seen to be no longer confrontational and expansionist , it would be treated as a legitimate partner , not as a defeated enemy .
The status quo would be reinforced further by the principle that no country may increase its security to the detriment of another .
A developed nation can not meet carbon emission targets by outsourcing its dirtiest production to a developing country , and a developing country can not meet its targets by chopping down forests to build the plants or expand low-productivity agriculture .
Indeed , the West has already tried this approach before , with paltry results .
In December 2006 , NATO allowed Serbia to join its Partnership for Peace , even though there were still war criminals at large in the country .
The reinternment , organized by Hungary 's anti-communist opposition on the 31st anniversary of his execution , drew more than 100,000 attendees , heralding the beginning of the end of the country 's sclerotic regime .
In no other Central European country did Communists experience the possibility of paying with their own lives for the suffering and oppression that they inflicted on others .
Belarus already has a budding software industry that reports net annual revenues of $ 300 million .
And , with Austrian money and World Bank support , officials are drawing up a privatization program that will cover a significant proportion of the country 's mainly state-owned industry .
Then , crisis erupted in May , when the country ran low on foreign-currency reserves and traders could not purchase the dollars they needed .
Without enough dollars flowing in from transit fees for Russia 's oil and gas exports to Western Europe , the country was bankrupt .
Negotiations with Russia dragged on , and the country ran out of money . Now Russia says that it will provide money in the form of loans , promising annual tranches of around $ 1 billion -- but only if Belarus makes sufficient concessions .
Poland 's parliamentary and presidential elections this month saw the death of a left-leaning postcommunist party that mostly dominated the country since 1995 .
Worse , boosting social spending will contribute little to resolving the country 's staggering 17.5 % rate of unemployment -- most of it structural -- while any hope of quick euro adoption will be dashed .
Although there is no need immediately to announce a specific exchange rate for the zloty at euro entry , such a program must include among its focal points a formula for determining the rate .
Without doubt , those willing to strike -- either alone or in a coalition -- have a range of options , ranging from naval and air blockades to targeted raids , sabotage inside the country , and massive attack from without .
Abandoning Asia 's Poor NEW YORK &#45; &#45; More than half of Asia 's population &#45; &#45; 1.8 billion people &#45; &#45; live on less than $ 2 a day ; more than 600 million of them try to survive on less than $ 1 a day .
Such rights can be tolerated only as minimum social safeguards , which the ADB is trying to neuter through another ongoing review .
There is a second obstruction as well : the US Congress refuses to face up realistically to the climate challenge , because China , as a developing country , is not obliged to accept compulsory carbon limits .
As governments across the West have become increasingly bogged down trying to fix a broken economy , China has been formulating a whole series of new , well-considered policies and forging ahead with bold decision-making to tackle one daunting problem after another .
To try to compensate for these perturbed weather patterns , Chinese officialdom has launched an unprecedented array of costly projects . These include the titanic $ 55 billion South-North Water Transfer Project , a massive engineering effort to construct three canals to bring water from China 's normally wet south to its arid north ; a widespread campaign to dig ever-deeper wells ; a nationwide tree-planting campaign ; and even an extensive effort at `` weather modification . ''
Since China had been bullied , invaded , semi-colonized , and even occupied during most of his formative years , he was deeply suspicious that any foreign country -- even a `` fraternal '' Communist ally -- could ever be relied upon to leave China alone , much less actually help it .
This is a difficult adjustment for any country to make , especially one like China , which has a history of imagining itself as being at the center of the world while also remaining an inviolable entity that can close its doors whenever it chooses to do so .
The drought in Guizhou , whatever its cause , is a reminder that the fate of China 's people has become inextricably linked to what happens elsewhere , and that no country can opt out or find unilateral solutions separate from the global commonweal any longer .
NEW YORK -- China now sits atop $ 2.4 trillion in foreign-exchange reserves , the largest stockpile of any country in the world -LRB- Japan stands in second place with $ 1 trillion -RRB- .
Two-thirds of its population is under the age of 30 , and unemployment is high ; it needs to attract foreign investment for its oil and gas industry , and to finance road construction and other infrastructure projects .
A Reset in the Caucasus YEREVAN -- Will Turkey 's current turmoil between Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdo?an and the country 's powerful army complicate and delay the country 's boldest initiatives in years -- the moves to address decades-old tensions with both Armenians and Kurds ?
Restructuring the role of Turkey 's army is vital , but if Turkey can not follow through with the Armenian and Kurdish openings , the country 's own domestic situation , its relations with the two peoples , as well as tensions in the Caucasus , will undoubtedly worsen .
The Armenia-Turkey diplomatic process has stalled , and the Turkish government 's effort at reconciliation with the country 's large Kurdish minority has soured .
With so much to disagree about and no significant agreements ready to be concluded in Astana , this looks like a case of summitry for summitry 's sake .
Otherwise , it will appear that no amount of negotiation can help set the Caucasus straight -- powerfully undermining a key restraint preventing the two sides from trying again to achieve a military solution .
China 's pool of licensed drivers is growing exponentially , and India is a decade into one of the largest road-building projects in history , a 3,600-mile superhighway known as the Golden Quadrilateral , which links the country 's four largest cities , plus an extensive network of feeder roads .
Perhaps the country needs exactly this just now : an atypical Israeli at the steering wheel .
Nevertheless , if Livni becomes Israel 's prime minister in a few weeks , then Israel will become the world 's first country where all three branches of governments are led by women .
But , given Livni 's record , she richly deserves the chance to try .
You try this for a while .
You attempt a surgical strike : aim at the shooter 's head and try to spare the innocents .
Indeed , there is no symmetry of suffering on the two sides of the border .
The bigger parties must ignore the vested interests of their junior partners , go back to the drawing board , and raise the Knesset entry-level substantially .
Indeed , its record is almost unique in Turkey 's modern history , comparable only with the rule of the Democratic Party -LRB- DP -RRB- , which came to power in the 1950 's , at the start of multi-party parliamentary democracy in Turkey , and ran the country for a decade .
In 2003 came the formation of the AKP 's first single-party government , which enthusiastically backed the country 's IMF-based stabilization program .
You realize that to reveal what you 've come to understand will not only revolutionize your science , but will potentially shatter many of your countrymen 's religious and philosophical foundations .
But almost no serious intellectual can continue to doubt the common ancestry of all living things .
Despite this , he brims with imagined presidential plans , such as ridding the country of terrorist groups like Shining Path and re-establishing Peru 's economic standing .
On April 9 , when Peruvians elect a new President , they will choose between Ollanta Humala Tasso , a nationalist former army commander who proposes radical economic and social change , and Lourdes Flores Nano , who would maintain the country 's current neo-liberal policies .
Humala calls for overhauling Peru 's economic policy in particular by revising foreign companies ' concession contracts , increasing taxes on the rich , and lowering the salaries paid to congressmen and government members -- `` old fashioned populism that will ruin the country , '' claim his opponents .
However , surveys by Pew Research show that in Sweden , 85 % of the population agrees that trade is good for their country , compared to only 59 % of Americans .
Higher education is free of charge and accessible in all parts of the country .
To stem this flood of credit-induced demand with fiscal policy alone is impossible , and it is absurd to try .
In the US , this has complicated the Federal Reserve 's task . The Fed has been trying to slow demand growth and cool the housing price bubble to avoid inflation , but carry trade speculators have been easing credit .
The under-valued renminbi has also made China a major recipient of foreign direct investment , even leading the world in 2002 -- a staggering achievement for a developing country .
Within national income accounts , trade deficits represent the excess of a country 's consumption over production .
But , since one country 's trade deficit is another 's surplus , US Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke has argued for turning the conventional logic on its head : rather than resulting from a savings shortage , the US trade deficit is the result of a global savings glut -- especially in China .
Meanwhile , corporations reduce home country manufacturing capacity and investment , which reduces home country exports while increasing imports .
They believe that government intervention tends to generate its own costly failures because of bureaucratic incompetence and rent-seeking , whereby private interests try to steer policy to their own advantage .
If they go bankrupt , the insurance industry , which is likely a large holder of these debts , would quickly enter a spiral of collapse .
`` Assimilation '' means dissolving into the mainstream , but Muslim-Americans do not , remaining devoutly Muslim in a country overwhelmingly Christian .
Two factors seem significant : first , relatively porous economic , political and educational arenas that allow immigrants entry to these key areas of American life .
Because immigrants participate in America 's economic and political arenas , Americans are used to different sorts of people and so distinguish those differences that might damage the country from those that will not .
This means less participation and thus less familiarity with difference on the host country 's side .
To get out of it , greater entry into the economy and politics is needed , but also less demand for quick-fix assimilation .
China 's Green Debt For a decade , the world has wondered when China 's leaders will recognize the staggering environmental crisis confronting their country .
This spring , the State Environmental Protection Administration produced the country 's first official estimate of GDP adjusted downward for environmental losses .
Moreover , the country recently witnessed a spate of environmental accidents .
Scarcely anyone bothers to consider the environmental costs to -- or rights of -- the country 's poor and powerless .
The country 's enormous environmental debt will have to be paid , one way or another .
We need to look at individuals within an individual country to understand the true power of `` Islamic values '' in shaping a society .
To do so , we need a country with deep religious cleavages between Islam and Christianity and , unlike America 's `` melting pot , '' limited mixing among social groups .
Our work , however , strongly supports Fukuyama 's theory that cultures and values take a back seat to the level of a country 's modernity in determining its social conditions .
However , Turks are all too aware of the passions that their country 's EU candidacy stokes in Europe .
Others see no place for a Muslim country in Europe .
Moreover , welcoming a country like Turkey will send a positive signal to the Muslim world .
Similarly , Cyprus 's entry into the EU , coupled with Turkey 's EU aspirations , has created a unique catalyst for tearing down the `` Berlin Wall '' that runs through the capital , Nicosia , separating the island 's Christian and Muslim communities .
Energy security , organized crime , terrorism , absolutism and fundamentalism , climate change , and cybercrime are acute concerns for every country .
However , after the return of the pro-Russian Victor Yanukovich to the position of Ukrainian prime minister , the country 's pro-Western orientation has been significantly weakened .
The government urged the country to respect Muslims ' `` understandable sympathies for their fellow-religionists , '' and tensions were avoided .
But what if , instead of trying to mimic nature , a new kind of life could be invented from scratch ?
Then , in 1996 , Richard Smalley of Rice University was awarded a Nobel Prize in chemistry for the discovery of fullerenes , beautiful nanometer-scale carbon structures with remarkable properties and many potential applications .
The scientists who invented the STM were n't trying to build assemblers , and they never heard of K. Eric Drexler .
They were just trying to understand basic surface physics .
At a press conference just hours after my car exploded , I announced my suspicion that the explosion had been organized by Gagik Tsarukyan , an MP nicknamed `` Dodi Gago '' -LRB- `` dod '' means stupid in Armenian -RRB- and one of the country 's richest men and a close friend of the president 's family .
Here in our offices in Johannesburg , we have two Zimbabwean lawyers who fled their country after receiving death threats for their work defending human rights .
I like their country too much for that .
My own country , for example , invented much of what it means to be British in order to accommodate Scotland in the eighteenth century to the idea of rule from England , and to persuade the whole of the United Kingdom that it should not object to being ruled by German kings .
`` My country right or wrong '' is the parent of much misery .
The big question is whether it will be able to impose tougher environmental standards throughout the whole country .
All of us must hope that the first Internet-generation American President can lead his own country and the rest of humanity into a safer and more sustainably prosperous future .
On the Israeli side , which political leaders really want a Palestinian state and are prepared to take the political risks associated with trying to establish one ?
Like most recent American presidents , Obama campaigned on a promise to work with his political opponents for the greater good of the country .
Second , he and his administration were so busy trying to build consensus that they watered down some of the vital ingredients of the stimulus package , and failed to defend it robustly from Republican attack .
There may sometimes be a downside in trying to woo your opponents .
When things get tough in politics , as will happen in most of the world as we struggle with the impact of the global recession , every sensible government will try to hang on to the benefit of doubt .
Citizens know that running a country , especially in a time like this , is tough .
They are prepared to spare governments from too much criticism , if they think they are trying to do what is right for everyone .
So my own hope is that Obama will not be dissuaded from trying to work with his opponents , to build consensus , and to deal courteously even with those whose views he may thoroughly dislike .
He thought that the American president should operate beyond the checks and balances applied by the US Constitution , just as his country should not be constrained by any international rules .
Much of the automobile industry is bust .
So , while the economic numbers may look bad , the country 's political leadership looks great .
Munich -- the 1938 meeting between Adolf Hitler , Édouard Daladier , Neville Chamberlain , and Benito Mussolini -- is a frequent witness summoned to court by politicians trying to argue the case for foreign adventures .
After the overthrow of the Taliban regime , the West did not commit enough troops to extend the national government in Kabul 's authority over the whole country .
The Alliance has promised to see the job through . So if it abandons the job now , leaving the country to poverty , prejudice , and poppies , what then will happen ?
Why should anyone in Pakistan believe that the West is serious in wanting to sustain that country as a Muslim democratic state ?
Outsiders , even admirers , have often wondered how the most globalized country in the world -- a continent inhabited by people from every land -- can be so irrationally insular on some issues .
Looking at preparations for the Copenhagen summit in December , when we will try to broker a new global agreement to combat climate change , does not make me grumpy .
Mao 's China at 60 LONDON -- Every country is shaped by its history , but countries fabricate and rewrite their histories , too .
The mother of a Chinese journalist -LRB- now living outside the country -RRB- had been one of those who returned after 1949 to her homeland with her husband and family from a comfortable life at an American university .
We undertook more than four decades ago to negotiate Turkish membership once that country became fully democratic with an open economy and respect for human rights and the rule of law .
We would be rejecting a country that is an important regional power , a significant NATO member , and a crucial energy hub .
North Korea may also have a few bombs . Iran is believed by many to be trying to develop one .
China seems likely to block effective sanctions on Iran because of its close energy relationship with the country .
The bravery of the staff in trying to protect the hotel 's clients deserves the applause of every world traveler .
This is bound to involve greater redistribution if the hundreds of millions of Indians who remain extremely poor are not to become alienated from their country 's success story and pulled toward populist extremism .
The country was worse prepared for disaster than most others .
As a result , whoever wins the election will have an awful job cutting the country 's budget deficit -- 12 % of GDP -- and setting the economy back on the road to sustainable recovery .
It is only in the years since the Second World War that one-party government has been the rule , though the country did have an informal pact between Labor and Liberals in the 1970 's .
Before attacking the allegedly foreign BP , American politicians might also pause for a moment to reflect on the intimate links between politics and the oil industry in the United States .
This is much of what passes for industry in Gaza .
No raw materials , which would allow the revival of Gaza 's commerce and industry , are permitted .
It is the deepest countryside . As I write this under a vine in my vegetable garden , I look west across wooded hills and can not see another building .
Progress in France brought a fairly recent migration from country to town .
One partial solution is to try harder to put a price on what we call progress .
Mind you , this was not enough to win Stevenson the presidency in the 1950 's . `` All the intelligent people in the country are supporting you , '' he was told .
Making a coherent , well-argued case is surely the best way in the long-term of trying to mobilize consent for any course of action .
Third , as has always happened in the past , the world is trying with some difficulty to adjust to the arrival of a new and very big kid on the block .
China has been the world 's largest country for millennia , and until the mid-nineteenth century it was the largest economy , too -- mainly because it had so many consumers and producers .
While China may have started to throw a bit of its weight around -- for example , in its own neighborhood in pursuit of maritime reach and undersea oil -- the main threat that it poses is that the country falls apart , not that it continues to thrive .
We know already about heavy attendance at the country 's mosques .
Right-wing American attitudes about their country 's place in the world are invigorated by fundamentalist dogma .
Well , perhaps for a start , those of us who live in democracies will resist future suggestions that this or that country is immune to the charms of liberty , the rule of law , and representative government .
I recall the war memorial in a tiny village north of Queenstown in the heart of `` Lord of the Rings '' country on the South Island of New Zealand .
I do not imagine you will find too many vegetarians in Crawford , Texas , and the meat consumed by the average American is way ahead of the figure for any other country .
How do we deal with equity on a global scale when we can not even deal with it country by country ?
The answer is obvious : city dwellers riot ; in the countryside , people just starve .
There was also a strong suspicion that the French were trying to find a way to buy off Turkey with a relationship falling well short of European Union membership .
So Sarkozy deserves at least two and a half cheers for trying to revitalize it .
And guess which country leads the opposition to any significant opening up of European agriculture .
Finally , if America wants change , why vote for a ticket that has embraced the very attitudes that gave the Bush years their character , and exemplifies some of the reasons for its unpopularity and failures , from partisan bigotry and the assault on reason and science to the `` America First '' dismissal of the opinions of the rest of mankind ?
All that is true . Yet the United States remains the world 's only superpower , the only nation that matters in every part of the globe , the only country capable of mobilizing international action to tackle global problems .
Forget the distraction of trying to create an alternative to the UN -- the so-called `` League of Democracies . '' It wo n't work .
But neither country can protect its way to prosperity : protectionism harms China 's industrial development and our efforts to build stronger trading relationships .
The fishing industry is , on its own , incapable of reversing the `` fishing down '' trend , notwithstanding arguments by commentators who should know better .
There is no point even trying to feed tuna anything but fish .
The paradoxical finding here is that one great trick to being happy is to forget about being happy and instead try to increase the happiness of others .
The general , who offered the father of modern Turkey , Kemal Atatürk , as his model , also seemed to represent a vision for his country that combined economic growth with support for secularizing impulses .
His most ambitious strategy has been to try to form a partnership with Benazir Bhutto , the head of one of the two largest democratic parties .
They may even be persuaded to dig a fishpond and to try and eek out a living from that . But when the pond dries up or the substitute crop or job fails , so long as there are rich drug users in the West , they will return to cultivating poppy or coca if it provides a livelihood for their families .
Nor should France and Germany regard support for the US in the candidate countries as tantamount to approval of a war against Iraq or any other country .
Transylvania , where the country 's ethnic Hungarians are overwhelmingly concentrated , is also Romania 's cultural bridge to the West , because this part of Romania belonged for centuries to the Hapsburg Empire .
While most Russians seem to realize that their country can no longer be `` salvaged '' by the Communists , many are betting on semi-authoritarian rule and national revival stemming from traditional Russian values .
This would be much more effective and durable than the Visegrad initiative , which lumps together three small states with a country that has more inhabitants than its three partners put together , plus its own agenda .
Above all , every government that successfully led its country into the EU had to adopt-often under pressure and hastily-a range of unpopular steps .
Addressing conflicts among government coalition parties , as well as within individual government parties , was postponed until after official EU entry .
Polish Prime Minister Lezsek Miller resigned one day after his country 's official admission to the EU .
By agreeing to significant compromises , the leaders of some new member states were , among other things , trying to show that rekindling strong national egoism in Europe is a dangerous , if not uncontrollable , game .
Indeed , Iran is the only country that openly declares its desire to destroy another member of the United Nations .
That is a threat that every country is obliged to take seriously .
When a country 's president delivers crazy speeches , denies the Holocaust , and does not hide his ambition to control the Middle East , who can guarantee that the threat is not serious ?
Israel never said that it wants to destroy Iran ; Israel never openly proclaimed that it would enrich uranium and build nuclear bombs in order to destroy another country .
Politically , Ahmadinejad certainly would not miss the chance to exploit unilateral measures for propaganda purposes -- claiming that Iran has a conflict not with the international community , but with imperialist states intent on depriving his country of technological progress .
Whatever the US and Europe decide to do about Iran will affect that country 's internal political dynamics .
The best method of strengthening Ahmadinejad , however , appears to be to threaten the country and the regime as a whole .
Iranian policymakers must , therefore , try to develop their own ideas for a negotiated resolution of the nuclear and other regional security issues , as well as to think about how Iran can rebuild trust in its actions .
As to the nuclear issue , Iran should try to switch from the language of `` inalienable rights '' to one of pragmatic solutions .
Iranian officials sometimes try to make relative President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's more violent statements about Israel as nothing more than a call for `` regime change . ''
Representatives of his regime are still concerned about what they see as externally backed attempts to stage a `` velvet revolution '' in the country , but there is little fear of new challenges from within .
The effects of the latest round of international sanctions on Iran are somewhat ambiguous : they have weakened the country , but they do not seem to have weakened Ahmadinejad .
While Iran 's ruling elite appears to be divided over the prospect of a full-scale rapprochement with the US , they share this underlying fear of America and do not want their country to be isolated further .
The EU needs a comprehensive regional approach , focusing on the remaining steps that would lead each country towards membership .
To protect commercial banks from risking their own solvency -LRB- and the whole country 's solvency besides -RRB- once again , Richard Robb suggested that a small tax on banks ' short-term debts be imposed in order to deter banks from over-borrowing .
This is slowing the absorption into the economy of the excess resources in the construction industry .
It is good to have a banking industry run by a diversity of canny financiers capable of recognizing and willing to fund innovative investment projects .
Less obviously , a country does not want misguided or pointless change ; it wants investments that appear to the financial sector as productive .
This evidence linking employment to dynamism and tracing dynamism to favorable institutions , such as a well-developed stock market , and to obstructive institutions , such as myriad licenses for entry by new firms , is an advance in our understanding of healthy economies .
A cross-country analysis estimates that university education is good for all three elements of economic performance : the employment rate -LRB- relative to the working-age population -RRB- , the unemployment rate -LRB- relative to labor force -RRB- , and labor productivity too .
Leaving aside the cost in terms of human lives , the economic costs of maintaining peace are but a fraction of what would be required for humanitarian assistance , military intervention , and peacekeeping operations should the country relapse into conflict .
The great goal , the grand mission , the overarching challenge of our generation , the Bicentennial Generation , is just one : for Chile to be the first country in Latin America to be able to say , before the end of this decade , with pride and humility , that it has overcome poverty and become a developed country with real opportunities for material and spiritual advancement for all its children .
Despite the devastating effects of the earthquake and tsunami of last February , Chile 's economy is already growing at close to 6 % , and we have created nearly 300,000 new jobs in the first nine months of my administration -- the highest in our country 's history .
But why are developing-country governments dragging their feet ?
European and developing-country governments urgently need to reverse their current adverse position on GM organisms in order to help ensure sustainable food security for all .
To maintain their influence , it seems , they believe that they need to create an image of America as Russia 's implacable enemy , which , by extending NATO membership to ex-communist countries , is bringing an existential threat right to the country 's doorstep .
This is a pity , because Lugovoi 's status in Russia tells us much about my country in the seventh year of President Vladmir Putin 's rule .
The dimensions of `` vital space '' are determined by a country 's economic , scientific , technical , social , and military capabilities -- in essence , its `` total power . ''
Georgia Splits the Kremlin MOSCOW -- Dmitry Medvedev inherited the post of President of the Russian Federation from Vladimir Putin , and while Putin moved down the pecking order to become Prime Minister , speculation has abounded from the start of Medvedev 's presidency about an eventual split between Russia 's two highest leaders .
In order to justify their authoritarian rule and camouflage from the Russian public their massive theft of the country 's resources , the global kleptocrats have already convinced ordinary Russians that they are surrounded by ruthless enemies who are trying to dismember and destroy Russia .
The two of them are building , or trying to build , the Nord Stream gas pipeline , an exceptionally costly project that satisfies twin strategic objectives .
The author finds the government of a `` Russia getting up off its knees '' to consist of progressive modernizers fully aware of the challenges facing their country as it attempts to `` return to the great powers club . ''
`` In order to become a genuinely developed and modern country , '' Graham continues , `` in the coming decade Russia will need to invest at least one trillion dollars in modernizing its infrastructure .
Nowadays , the first thing countries trying to get rich seem to do is import dozens of lawyers .
But importing well-designed laws from outside a country 's borders did n't begin with communism 's fall .
The root idea is that such imported laws , once incorporated into domestic legal systems , improve a country 's legal framework and enhance development .
Regular presidential elections in Mexico failed to disguise the fact that the same party ruled the country for over seven decades until earlier this year .
These preexisting conditions determine the interpretation of new rules as well as the receptivity of a country to imported rules and concepts ;
Voluntary compliance in turn depends on the perception and acceptance of rules by domestic constituencies in the country that imported a law .
Similarly , when a state such as Michigan is hit by recession in its key economic sector -LRB- the auto industry -RRB- , Washington collects less federal tax but maintains -- if not increases -- local spending , which partially offsets the shock to state income .
Other measures -- say , capital insurance , or reform of the boundaries within the financial industry , à la Paul Volcker -- are worth considering .
Today , every country seems to want to depreciate its currency .
A world in which every country wants a weaker exchange rate is not without precedent .
It happened in the 1930 's , when one country after another abandoned the gold standard , trying to export its unemployment .
But this would ignore a fundamental asymmetry between advanced and emerging countries .
Asymmetry of this magnitude requires a significant adjustment of relative prices .
Tony Blair , who in July was faced with the shortcomings of integration in the UK , should take advantage of the country 's current presidency of the European Union to make affirmative action programs the top priority at next month 's summit of European government leaders in Brussels .
Although public investment has been on the rise , the country 's poor infrastructure remains a barrier to higher growth . So , too , are frequent changes of rules and weakening of regulatory agencies , reflecting a disregard for stability and the consequent need to strengthen the country 's institutional framework .
E Pluribus Unum for Europe 's Bank Supervisors STOCKHOLM -- The European Union lacks an efficient supervisory framework for its vast financial industry , and the gap between what is needed and what exists is widening .
Yet the industry has acted more quickly than regulators and supervisors have been able to respond .
Capital adequacy and liquidity risks should be assessed on a group level , rather than country by country ; how capital and risks are divided between countries is less important .
But the tools and powers available for home country supervisors are inadequate .
Europe 's financial industry wants a cost-effective , transparent , and competitively neutral supervisory framework that will foster market integration , create greater financial stability , and provide for crisis management .
Would it be the home country FSA , with its responsibility for consolidated supervision , even though it would have only limited powers ?
Would host supervisors try to ring-fence the losses to include only those in their own country ?
Under Thaksin , Thailand graduated from aid recipient and became a donor country for the first time , having turned away development assistance from countries like Japan .
The rural-urban divide wedded the grassroots rural population to upcountry patronage networks and vote-buying , while elected politicians reaped their rewards through corruption and graft .
They demand a voice in politics , a stake in the country 's grossly unequal economy , and the chance for upward mobility that they saw in Thaksin and his populist programs .
Around the country , many red shirts are persecuted , and several have been murdered under mysterious circumstances .
But solutions for the country 's ills must be found within the boundaries of law and constitutionalism .
With 47 million voters and turnout at 75 % , Thailand 's latest election results pose a decisive challenge to the country 's long-established regime .
The voices of neglected swaths of the electorate , particularly in the rural north and northeast of the country , began to count .
It is these twenty-first-century dynamics and changes , underpinned by an increasingly assertive citizenry , with which the Thai establishment must come to terms if the country is to move forward .
This should not be a surprise , because the tumultuous Gorbachev and Yeltsin eras left the country exhausted .
Various political leaders of different political parties flash across Russia 's television screens , but there is no real national discussion about how to lead the country forward .
One reason that Russia 's reform debates are so barren is the country 's lack of coherent political parties .
But this suspicion of political parties as such meant that there was no organized body across the country committed to carrying out a consistent , well-thought-out reform program .
The country needs a deeper commitment to reform that will come only when its institutions engage the Russian public in the sort of open debate that we have lacked .
Regardless of who comes to power , the West should channel a larger portion of the billions of dollars in development aid each year , including the newly approved $ 535 million for the country from the UN 's Millennium Challenge Account , to foster a local spirit of natural capitalism instead of providing charity .
The Indian-run lodge I visited is part of a $ 175 million ecological tourism industry that has been growing at 20 % a year precisely because of the country 's natural splendor .
`` Bolivia is where Costa Rica was 20 years ago , '' an eco-tourism expert told me at the first national summit on the industry on the shores of Lake Titicaca .
Business ethics has always had problems that are distinct from those of other professions , such as medicine , law , engineering , dentistry , or nursing .
Kagame then suggested giving every country an annual per capita quota for CO2 emissions , and allowing developing countries that are below the quota to trade their excess quota with countries that are above theirs .
On October 24 , people in nearly every country will be taking action to raise awareness of the need for an international treaty to bring our atmosphere back to 350 ppm of CO2 .
But the debate in the United States highlights an underlying issue that will worry almost every developed country in 2010 and beyond : the struggle to control health-care costs .
Is that a sensible use of resources in a country in which there are officially 39 million people below the poverty line , which for a family of four is $ 22,000 ?
Against that background , spending $ 200,000 to give a patient in an affluent country a relatively short period of extra life becomes more than financially dubious .
He is also the author of Himalayan Glaciers : Hydrology and Hydrochemistry and scores of scientific papers .
What the 2009 report for the Indian Ministry of Forests and Environment actually says is that the average retreat of glaciers , approximately five meters per year since the 1840 's , when records began to be kept , accelerated sharply between the 1950 's and 1990 's .
Japan 's overseas aid declined by 44 % when that country hit hard times .
The sheer size of these remittances , and their importance in keeping many millions of people above the poverty line , suggests that rich-country governments should take a careful look at the existing system .
Second , Iraq is a diverse country , distorted by over thirty years of Saddam 's tyranny , and with no plausible and coherent alternative government in sight .
According to the New York Times , Pentagon officials have said , `` thousands of military specialists in civil affairs familiar with the linguistic and cultural differences within Iraq would probably be deployed throughout the country '' .
Each crisis exposed weak and ineffective legal frameworks -LRB- often deliberately maintained by politicians -RRB- , inadequate and dispersed supervision , and forbearance policies that only an industry lobbyist could love .
Georgia will receive its Christmas and New Year 's present late this year , but the wait will be worth it . For the presidential election to choose a successor to President Eduard Shevardnadze , scheduled for January 4 , 2004 , offers the country its first real hope since independence in 1991 .
During his 10 years in power , the economy tanked and hundreds of thousands of his ablest countrymen emigrated .
Indeed , this group is reminiscent of the young twenty and thirty year olds who took power in Estonia in 1991 and successfully led that former Soviet country into EU membership .
The primary task they face is to reinvent Georgia as a corruption-free nation . Otherwise , foreign investors will look elsewhere and domestic investors will continue to hide their money outside the country .
If Georgia 's new leaders fail to revive the country economically , and quickly , then the mythical allure of an authoritarian leader will be enhanced and democracy discredited .
In the period from 1991 to 1993 , nationalism was on the rise because Yeltsin 's infant democracy seemed weak , with the country in the throes of a deep economic crisis , as well as an acute confrontation between different branches of government .
But , even as he uttered those words , his administration was working behind the scenes to subvert the will of Pakistan 's people by trying to dictate the composition of their next coalition government and prop up the election 's biggest loser , President Pervez Musharraf .
An alliance between the two largest parties , the late Benazir Bhutto 's Pakistan People 's Party -LRB- PPP -RRB- and Nawaz Sharif 's Muslim League faction -LRB- PML-N -RRB- is what the country needs and what most Pakistanis want .
In the short run , though , the world is engaged in a gigantic game of passing the parcel , with no country wanting to take the habitual exporters ' goods and their capital surpluses .
This is what makes today 's beggar-thy-neighbor policies so destructive : though some countries will eventually have to absorb the surpluses and capital , each country is trying to avoid them .
Government spending -- especially on unemployment benefits , aid to states , and some construction projects -- probably helped avert a more wrenching downturn , but continued red ink worries households , which are also trying to rebuild savings and reduce debt after a spending binge .
The regulatory uncertainty created in areas such as health care makes it difficult not only for the health-care industry to make long-term investment decisions , but also for businesses to make long-term hires .
Some economists argue that , unlike past recessions , in which workers were temporarily laid off from an industry only to be rehired as the recovery picked up , job losses starting in 1991 were more permanent .
As my colleague Erik Hurst and his co-authors have shown , states that had the largest rise in construction as a share of GDP in 2000-2006 tended to have the greatest contraction in that industry in 2006-2009 .
So the job losses extend far beyond those in the construction industry .
The lesson for policymakers is clear : instead of constantly trying to boost spending and potentially creating problems for the future , a more sustainable way to improve job growth is to facilitate the `` re-skilling '' of the unemployed , especially those who were in construction-related jobs .
The bias could be implicit : our worldview is shaped by what our friends in industry believe .
Because the profession rewards only careful , well-supported , but necessarily narrow analysis , few economists try to span sub-fields .
Typically , this means a country creating and controlling production facilities no matter what the cost .
One might think that a country that owns foreign oil can use the profits from sales to insulate its economy from high world oil prices .
As a result , the acquiring country will , if anything , make suboptimal economic decisions .
Assuming the foreign oil assets are priced fairly at the time of purchase , the country benefits only when the purchase helps smooth its income ; however , purchases may increase income volatility even for a country that relies heavily on oil .
For example , in large countries like the United States or China , which account for a significant portion of world demand , the world price of oil is likely to be high when the country is growing strongly and citizens have lots of income , whereas the price is likely to be low when the country is doing poorly .
Even if owning oil assets is a useful hedge -LRB- as in a small , oil-consuming country -RRB- , it is not clear that buying stakes in opaque companies in foreign countries is the best strategy .
A country 's property rights in foreign oil assets are likely to diminish as the oil price rises .
But perhaps what countries really fear is not so much high prices but a total market breakdown and descent into an autarkic `` Mad Max '' world in which oil is scarce , no country is willing to allow trade in the oil it produces , and there is no world market clearing price .
If such a situation were to occur , ownership of oil assets abroad would most likely become worthless , as each country would only get to use oil produced within its political borders -LRB- or within nearby borders that could be invaded -RRB- .
Paradoxically , once a country ensures its own security , it has weaker incentives to avoid the market breakdown that prompts the initial search for security .
It must go directly to the public -- including political parties , nongovernmental organizations , and influential figures -- in each country , and explain its position .
It must be seen as an institution that respects each country 's sovereignty but works for the global good .
Even if the government-owned oil industry is broken up and privatized , whether to foreigners or not , there is no guarantee that a future government can not regain control .
It educated nuclear operators , generated safety and protection standards , promoted the benefits of the atom for industry , agriculture , and medicine , and much more .
In 2003 , Libya 's renunciation of its secret weapons revealed how another country had hoodwinked the Agency .
In 2002 , its inspectors revealed North Korea 's cheating , prompting UN sanctions . -LRB- Unfortunately , this did not halt the country 's subsequent withdrawal from the NPT . -RRB-
Hezbollah 's bombardment of northern Israel in 2006 , further demonstrated the country 's vulnerability to missile attack .
North Korea proved more successful , becoming the eighth country to detonate a nuclear weapon . At least two other NPT parties -- Libya and Syria -- engaged in significant nuclear subterfuge but failed .
Osirak 's destruction inspired Saddam to try again . The US became mired in Iraq .
A country torn by sectarian violence beginning in 1975 , Lebanon pitted an even more complex array of contestants against each other than Iraq does today .
In 1992 , the sirens of Somalia 's political collapse lured the US into another civil war to save a country from itself .
The US humanitarian mission to that benighted country sought to salvage a failed United Nations enterprise to secure and feed Somalia 's ravaged population .
As President George W. Bush argued about the war in Iraq , US President Lyndon Johnson predicted that defeat in Vietnam `` would be renewed in one country and then another . ''
The country 's dramatic shift from the nearly quarter-century effort to get the bomb marks a remarkable proliferation reversal -- and sanctions played a key role .
Prompted by the Lockerbie tragedy , Security Council sanctions adopted in 1992 and 1993 changed the dynamic . To force Libya to hand over the plotters , compensate victims ' families , and cease terrorism , the Council froze all air commerce in an out of the country , all aircraft maintenance , and all arms shipments , as well as reducing diplomatic representation .
In addition , a freeze on Libya 's financial assets abroad and exports of oil equipment cost the country an estimated $ 33 billion in revenue , exacerbating already high unemployment and inflation rates .
Faced with re-imposition of harsher measures , and with the pragmatists continuing their push to steer the country in a new direction , Qadaffi relented , trading the nuclear program for political normalization . On May 31 , 2006 , the US reopened its embassy in Tripoli , ending the quarter-century hiatus in diplomatic relations .
It would limit each country to 1,550 strategic warheads on 700 deployed delivery vehicles .
In the Yom Kippur War , as Syrian forces threatened to break the country 's defensive lines , Israeli decision-makers recoiled even from threatening to use nuclear weapons .
Another option would be to bring the country 's nuclear arsenal out of the basement altogether .
But , for a country that has had little faith in deterrence when it comes to existential nuclear threats , relying on it now would mark a new , uncomfortable bet .
The only worse stain on Israel would be if survivors of an Iranian nuclear strike were to lament that , had their country acted proactively , `` the third destruction of the Temple '' -- the end of the Jewish state -- could have been avoided .
When the US has confronted a `` negative watershed '' -- a lethal threat to the country -- it committed meaningful financial and human resources in order to address the risks .
Had American forces not expelled the British from US territory in the first , and had Abraham Lincoln and the Union not prevailed in the second , the country would have been balkanized and unable to become the dominant power of the twentieth century .
Had the Axis 's negative watershed succeeded , the US would have become a far different country .
Today , the US is a more sober and realistic country than it was in the heyday of the early post-Cold War period .
In the wake of his illness , Chávez is trying to strengthen his movement .
If his treatment is prolonged , he might try governing with rotating vice-presidents , and , if a prompt cure or prolonged treatment are not possible and elections are postponed , an uncertain transition would be hastened .
At first , the UN , like many Timorese , including José Ramos-Horta , the country 's Nobel Laureate president who won election last May , had hoped that a national unity government could be formed .
Myanmar 's people want the same , but their country is being pushed towards collapse by years of political and economic crisis , and might well become ASEAN 's pariah , like Africa 's Zimbabwe .
The country 's mushrooming instability has triggered a bitter debate in the United States about the long-term viability of Musharraf 's military-backed government and whether US financial support for Pakistan should continue .
Although his national security team consists of people who largely supported the war in Iraq , Obama has made it clear that his agenda includes withdrawing troops from that country .
To be sure , the country 's `` America '' card -- the result of the two countries ' longstanding strategic relationship -LRB- I myself was educated at West Point and fought alongside US troops in the Korean War -RRB- -- must be played carefully and not be taken for granted .
Devoid of histrionics , without pretension -- `` simply by telling people what the dictator has done to this country '' -- she touched the hearts of freedom-loving Filipinos everywhere , the pain of the traumatic murder by the regime of her husband evoking in them memories of their own suffering and thwarted hopes .
Last June , I gave the keynote speech at the celebrations marking the 36th anniversary of the establishment of Philippines-China diplomatic relations and the 10th anniversary of Philippines-China `` Friendship Day '' in the presence of 5,000 of my countrymen and a smattering of Chinese officials .
Then , in 1897 , Svante Arrhenius , who earned a Nobel Prize for chemistry six years later , calculated how much global warming a doubling of CO2 in the atmosphere would cause .
As for India , our resilient democratic values , ability to manage diversity , and strong economic fundamentals underpin our country 's current global posture .
With the prospect of entry into the EU , national markets matter less .
Immersed in a bustle of events that no one will remember tomorrow , we tend to pay less attention to people who take on the issues of eternity -- philosophers , moralists , sages who try to turn our minds to higher things .
From his perch at Oxford , where he became a fellow at All Souls College , he continued to tell inconvenient truths and remained an intellectual and moral presence in his country throughout its struggles against the oppressive regime , a series of workers ' uprisings , the rise of the Solidarity movement , and the final collapse of the regime in 1989 .
He was an icon among his fellow countrymen -- indeed , for his 70th birthday , the largest newspaper in Poland organized a celebration during which they crowned him -LRB- with a crown of laurel leaves , of course -RRB- ... the King of Europe .
As a candidate country , Turkey will , of course , be treated like all other candidate countries , and it will be important to send a clear signal to the Turkish people confirming their belief in the perspective of membership and a future based on Western and European values .
The company 's debt\/asset ratio leapt from 18 % to 90 % as company reserves for long-term development -- essential in the telecoms industry -- were used to service the loan .
Paul Marshall , a hedge fund chairman , told the Financial Times that he hoped voluntary action by the industry `` will take the pressure off . ''
But this accounts for only a minor part -LRB- 5 % -RRB- of the private equity industry .
Given that the largest part of the industry -LRB- 60 % -RRB- is based on leveraged buy-outs and extreme debt , it seems only reasonable to demand that they honor the transparency and tax rules accepted by everyone else .
The answer depends crucially on how each country and the international community respond to key policy challenges : addressing global imbalances through macroeconomic policies and long-overdue reform ; meeting the costs of aging populations ; strengthening defenses against economic and financial crises ; and delivering on the pressing imperatives of poverty reduction .
There will always be ways to strengthen our work so that we provide well-articulated advice based on a clear understanding and the best analysis of each country .
The initiative will have to come from the top if the case is to be made within each country for more open markets , and for help to be made available to those facing adjustment .
All countries will have to give ; no country can be expected to carry the burden alone .
The bottom line is that trade reforms benefit the country making them .
Strengthening IMF Surveillance In today 's globalized economy , one country 's economic and financial policies can reverberate far beyond its borders .
For many years , the IMF has engaged its member countries in a process known as `` surveillance , '' in which it monitors , analyzes , and consults on each country 's economic policies -- both exchange rate policies and relevant domestic policies .
Finally , the reform sets out clearly for the first time what is expected of surveillance , and so should promote candor and evenhanded treatment of every country .
In other words , the Fund must ensure that it deals with every country the same way , including delivering clear and sometimes difficult policy messages and sharing its views with the international community .
The goal is to support policies that are good for each member country -- but also for other countries -- through dialogue and persuasion .
One side smoothes over the diversity in country experiences ; the other often ignores the averages , and focuses instead on cases in which high or rising inequality dulls the gains to the poor from growth .
The pharmaceutical industry , fueled by our desire for quick fixes , has effectively deployed its considerable power to promulgate the notion of `` disorders '' and `` illnesses '' in all domains of our lives .
This bleak forecast marks the end of Colombia 's longest cycle of growth in three decades , leaving the country in the same fragile situation as that of many other developing economies .
Although projecting concrete figures is a sterile exercise in these worrisome times , most analysts predict that Colombia 's economic performance this year will be inferior to Peru 's , but similar to Chile 's and Brazil 's and better than that of Argentina , Venezuela , and Mexico , a country expected to contract by more than 2 % .
Although the country was never as protected from the global downturn as its authorities claimed , the country benefits from some factors that do help ease the damage inflicted by the international crisis , especially with regard to the availability of foreign currency in these times of restrictions on external financing .
But , while Colombia is not as bad off as some of its neighbors , the country will not be able to pull itself out of the crisis easily .
Meanwhile , the country 's monetary authorities have much more leeway to boost the economy by lowering interest rates at a time when the threat of inflation is diminishing .
LOS ANGELES -- How should large-scale systemic failures of a country 's financial system be addressed ?
Central banks should put a floor under the value of a country 's banking system by committing to buy shares in an index fund of bank stocks at a predetermined price .
When Jakob Kellenberger , the ICRC 's current president , asserts that it is `` the principle of humanity '' that underlies all of IHL , we enter the realm of legal idolatry .
But , through a policy of terror extending from Oaxaca in the south , through Acapulco on the Pacific coast , and up to the great border cities of Tijuana and Juarez -LRB- Mexico 's sixth and seventh most populous cities , respectively -RRB- , they have made it abundantly clear that they are trying to achieve impunity .
Despite policy differences , Sarkozy would be for France what Margaret Thatcher was for Britain : someone who would lead the country out of its impasse , conserving the best aspects of dirigisme but finally giving entrepreneurs room to grow , cracking down on crime , and reforming education .
Export-led economies , of course , ca n't take currency appreciation lightly -- it undermines competitiveness and risks eroding the country 's share of the global market .
While the manufacturing approach served China well for 30 years , its dependence on capital-intensive , labor-saving productivity enhancement makes it incapable of absorbing the country 's massive labor surplus .
But the greatest leverage will undoubtedly come from policies that foster ongoing and rapid migration from the countryside to the cities .
According to OECD estimates , another 316 million people should move from the countryside to China 's cities over the next 20 years .
The country is well on its way to a knowledge-based economy .
Today 's cottage industry of China doubters is a case in point .
By enabling meetings in more flexible formats , we will make our partnership mechanisms even more responsive to the interests and concerns of each individual partner country . Enhancing NATO-Russia Relations : Once upon a time , most people in the West looked at Russia as part of the security problem .
In this way , both the Israelis and the Palestinians share a secret fear -- for some , a belief -- that each has no intention of accepting the other 's right to a country of their own .
The modernizing transformation now taking place in Greece owes much to the country 's EU membership .
Indeed , from the economic point of view , entry into Europe , and having to compete with the powerful economies of Germany or France , was risky , but it was a necessary condition for securing their democracies .
This very centralized and proud country , where the state matters more than elsewhere and the military had won so many wars , witnessed the complete collapse of both in the span of just two weeks .
The French will undergo major shocks in the years to come , but France might be the only European country standing tall 30 years from now .
Greece has just decided to support the opening of negotiations for Turkey 's entry into the EU in the next twelve years .
Although every member nation has played its part in integrating Europe , France has without doubt been the country that provided most of the ideas and master builders .
In agriculture and industry , price efficiency was achieved not by abolishing quotas and planned allocations , but by allowing producers to trade at market prices at the margin .
Ricardo Hausmann , Lant Pritchett , and I recently identified and examined more than 80 episodes of growth acceleration - in which a country increased its growth rate by 2 % or more for at least seven years - in the period since 1950 .
Imagine that the world 's trade ministers simply walk away from their forthcoming Hong Kong meeting of the World Trade Organization -LRB- WTO -RRB- with this simple declaration : `` We failed to reach an agreement ; we 'll try to do better next time . ''
It would be hard to identify any poor country whose development prospects are seriously blocked by restrictions on market access abroad .
Any country with a sensible development strategy has the opportunity to make its economy grow , with assistance from trade .
While the central bank bears a good part of the responsibility , it needs support from other parts of the government , most notably from the finance ministry .
Hirschman 's interests shifted away from economic development over the course of his illustrious career . But when he was still involved in development debates , he would frequently remind his contemporaries that any country that had the capacity to undertake comprehensive programs would not be underdeveloped to begin with .
As international bureaucracies with a penchant for `` best practices '' and common standards , these institutions are woefully unsuited to the task of seeking innovative , unique pathways suited to each country 's particular circumstances .
But Hirschman also would no doubt chide developing country governments for not living up to their responsibilities and for passing on the buck so freely to these external agencies .
For , ultimately , it is up to each country to say , `` Thanks , but no , thanks ; we 'll do it our way . ''
But soccer enthusiasts care about country as well as club , and here the consequences of the global mobility of talent are not as straightforward .
Many blame the country 's failure to qualify for this summer 's European championship on the preponderance of foreign players in English club teams .
Guns , Drugs , and Financial Markets CAMBRIDGE -- The sub-prime mortgage crisis has demonstrated once again how hard it is to tame finance , an industry that is both the lifeline of modern economies and their gravest threat .
We now realize even the most sophisticated market players were clueless about the new financial instruments that emerged , and no one now doubts that the financial industry needs an overhaul .
They are less convinced that recent financial innovation has created large gains -LRB- except for the finance industry itself -RRB- , and they doubt that prudential regulation can ever be sufficiently effective .
Rather than offering facile answers such as `` just let markets work '' or `` just get governance right , '' it rightly emphasizes that each country must devise its own mix of remedies .
Foreign economists and aid agencies can supply some of the ingredients , but only the country itself can provide the recipe .
According to World Bank estimates , complete elimination of all merchandise trade restrictions would ultimately boost developing-country incomes by no more than 1 % .
The impact on developed-country incomes would be even smaller .
It provided rich-country governments and then-WTO Director General Mike Moore with an opportunity to gain the moral high ground over anti-globalization protesters . It gave the US a stick with which to tear down the EU 's common agricultural policy .
In fact , China , with its need for high growth to pay for social peace , may be the country most at risk from a severe global downturn .
In the absence of a backstop for emerging-country finances , the doomsday scenario of a protectionist vicious cycle reminiscent of the 1930 's could no longer be ruled out .
But America 's circumstances are sufficiently exceptional that he will need advisers who are willing to try new , untested ideas -- in other words , experimentation à la FDR .
Just as banks are hoarding cash , households will try to preserve wealth by increasing their saving .
For China is a country of enormous hidden tensions and cleavages , and these may erupt into open conflict in difficult economic times .
Experts on China differ on the rate of economic growth needed to create employment for the millions of Chinese who flock into the country 's cities every year .
The right approach will differ across country groupings and among issue areas .
Rich-country households have suffered a momentous loss of wealth -LRB- amounting to tens of trillions of US dollars -RRB- .
As many economic historians argue , the trade networks and profits that mercantilism provided for Britain may have been critical in launching the country 's industrial revolution around the middle of the eighteenth century .
Current conventional wisdom places the blame squarely on the close ties that developed between policymakers and the financial industry in recent decades .
Here are some of the lies that the finance industry tells itself and others , and which any new Fed chairman will need to resist .
But what may be desirable under extreme conditions for a single country can be highly detrimental to the world economy .
The most frequently affected sector is the financial industry .
If you are trying to have it both ways , the chances are you have made up your mind before you have really thought hard about it .
Indeed , China 's current-account imbalance , which had remained moderate until the current decade , began its inexorable rise in 2001 -- precisely when the country joined the WTO .
But China is still a very poor country , at barely one-tenth the income level of the US .
It has a huge reservoir of surplus labor in the countryside .
Today , the country is a remarkable economic power : the world 's manufacturing workshop , its foremost financier , a leading investor across the globe from Africa to Latin America , and , increasingly , a major source of research and development .
China is still a poor country .
Throughout its long history , centrifugal forces have often pushed the country into disarray and disintegration .
China is the only country in the world where anything less than 8 % growth year after year is believed to be dangerous because it would unleash social unrest .
Taking direct aim at Obama 's proposals , he argued that reform of the global financial system should not be driven by what each country sees fit for itself .
Even if true , evading the controls requires incurring additional costs to move funds in and out of a country -- which is precisely what the controls aim to achieve .
Shorn of support from economists , the financial industry will have a much harder time preventing the fetish of free finance from being tossed into the dustbin of history .
The government has played a crucial role in developing every significant new export that the country produces .
And the highly successful salmon industry is the creation of Fundación Chile , a quasi-public venture fund .
But scratch the surface of any new successful industry anywhere , and more likely than not you will find government assistance lurking beneath .
A government that makes no mistakes when promoting industry is one that makes the bigger mistake of not trying hard enough .
But trying to redress budget deficits in the midst of a collapse in domestic demand makes problems worse , not better .
Events like this are an almost daily occurrence in Russia , where Prime Minister Vladimir Putin rules the country with a strong hand , and persecution of the government 's opponents , human-rights violations , and judicial abuses have become routine .
For every authoritarian country that has managed to grow rapidly , there are several that have floundered .
But China also remains a comparatively poor country .
During his first term in office , Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan relaxed some restrictions on Kurdish minorities and passed reforms that aligned the country 's legal regime with European norms .
So widespread is wiretapping and harassment of Erdogan 's critics that some believe the country has turned into a `` republic of fear . ''
The country will descend deeper into authoritarianism , political divisions will become irreconcilable , and yet another political rupture may become inevitable .
Meanwhile , the country 's largest independent media group has been brought to heel by huge , politically motivated tax fines .
If so , the referendum 's outcome should convince Erdo?an that the balance of power in the country has changed for good , and that the days of strong-arm tactics by the secular establishment are gone forever .
An undervalued currency , which serves to subsidize China 's manufacturing industries , has been a key driver of the country 's economic growth for the last decade .
It places strains on each country 's institutions -LRB- seen in the pressure on Europe 's welfare states -RRB- , breeds resentment against foreigners -LRB- witness the recent success of anti-immigration parties -RRB- , and renders financial crises originating from abroad both likelier and costlier -LRB- as the current situation makes all too clear -RRB- .
And of course , the converse is also true : India has been democratic since independence in 1947 , yet the country did n't begin to escape of its low `` Hindu rate of growth '' until the early 1980 's .
When a country 's political institutions are mature , they respond to demands from below through a combination of accommodation , response , and representation .
For example , since around 1990 , structural change in the typical Latin American and Sub-Saharan African country has undermined rather than boosted growth .
It needs a nudge in the appropriate direction , especially when a country has a strong comparative advantage in natural resources .
Would I have been tempted by arguments such as : `` We are trying to develop our economy , and you can really help us with your knowledge ? ''
Universities all over the world are falling over each other trying to deepen their engagement with China .
Or what about a country like Ethiopia ?
But I also believe that he is trying to develop his economy , and I offer policy advice because I believe it may benefit ordinary Ethiopians .
In a series of bizarre prosecutions , Turkish courts have jailed hundreds of defendants -- military officers , journalists , academics , and lawyers -- for allegedly plotting to topple the country 's democratically elected government .
The cases are comical -- or would be if they were not really happening in a country of 74 million people whose strategic importance is difficult to overstate .
The prosecutors have what looks like solid evidence : detailed plans , ostensibly authored by the defendants , describing a series of ghastly operations to destabilize the country .
Several defendants have shown that they were outside the country and had no access to the computers on which they supposedly authored the plans .
Reforms focused on governance and openness thus became the cornerstones of development strategy in virtually every country during the last fifteen years .
Learning what a country is -LRB- or can be -RRB- good at producing is a key challenge .
But the investor in the developing country who figures out that an existing good can be produced profitably at home and sets up a model for others to emulate does not normally get such protection , even though the social returns can be high .
Competition can be maintained by a combination of free entry and laissez-faire , or by a well-functioning regulatory authority .
This is because most manufacturing industries are what might be called `` escalator activities '' : once an economy gets a toehold in an industry , productivity tends to rise rapidly towards that industry 's technology frontier .
But these gains have come at the expense of -- and to some extent because of -- industry rationalization and employment reductions .
Everyone agrees that the country 's public debt is too high and needs to be reduced over the longer term .
In a futile attempt to gain financial markets ' confidence , country after country has been forced to follow counter-productive austerity policies as the price of support from the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank .
Establishing such a board in the US would do much to restore sanity to the country 's fiscal-policymaking .
A modern-day Friedman might want to ask how China has come to dominate the pencil industry , as it has so many others .
Yet the tens of thousands of workers that pencil factories in China employ would most likely have remained poor farmers if the government had not given market forces a nudge to get the industry off the ground .
Mozambique became the first African country to process cashews on a large scale .
By 1980 , the country had 14 processing factories .
The policy was met with fierce opposition from the domestic cashew-processing industry , which had just been privatized .
The correlation with ownership separation is striking : a sample of the 20 largest firms in each country shows that , whereas 90 % of the US companies have no shareholder with more than a 20 % stake , none of the Italian , French , or German firms have such highly dispersed ownership .
Economic historians point to financial revolutions as setting the stage for strong economic development in England -LRB- in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries , following the Glorious Revolution -RRB- , in the United States -LRB- after Alexander Hamilton in the 1790 's built up major financial structures in a primarily agricultural country -RRB- , and in Japan -LRB- after the Meiji Restoration -RRB- .
For Fukushima , crews are valiantly trying to stop the radiation leakage .
Many fear nuclear risks , which are vivid , slowing the industry 's development amid safety concerns .
During a crisis , these markets attract public attention and scorn , but , as the economy steadies , ordinary people lose interest , leaving the financial industry to control its own destiny with legislatures .
In lieu of an election that could remove recalcitrant directors , an outside company might try to buy the firm and all of its stock .
Both Europe and America can learn a lesson hidden in American history , for , lost in the haze of patriotic veneration of America 's founders is the fact that they created a new country during -- and largely because of -- a crippling debt crisis .
The country as a whole operated as a loose confederation that , like the European Union today , lacked taxing and other authority .
George Washington bemoaned that America was not a `` respectable country . ''
They were expected to be adamant -- an outcome that could well have brought about the young country 's demise .
Jefferson and Madison did not want the country 's capital to be in the north , and Hamilton reluctantly agreed to support moving it to an area carved out of Virginia or Maryland .
Yes , clearinghouses offer many benefits , including greater transparency , better pricing , and better regulatory focus , and we should try to make them viable .
Because agriculture routinely accounts for 75-90 % of all water consumed in a country , a 10 % efficiency gain would save as much water as all the water used by the country 's municipalities and industry .
In most cases , a country is already in desperate fiscal straits by the time IMF economists arrive on the scene to discuss a loan .
More often than not , the country has over-extended itself financially through some combination of imprudence and bad luck .
Unlike my loan to Hal , the IMF usually does ask government officials to show how they plan to put their country back on its feet .
When a country finally suffers through austerity and repays its IMF loans , no rich private shareholder gets fat as a result .
As soon as one country repays its loans , the IMF is better placed to re-lend the foreign exchange to the next country in crisis .
However effective the IMF 's crisis prevention efforts are , realistically there will always be a next crisis country .
As the New Year begins , the US continues to race ahead of its rich-country counterparts .
Instead of feeling the pinch of wartime privations , like in any ordinary country , American consumers are binging as if it were Christmas all year round .
Those true believers argue that America 's consumers can long pursue their spendthrift ways because their country 's economy is better than everyone else 's .
On top of all this , the US military , rather than being a burden , feeds the country 's technological superiority by subsidizing basic research .
Its infrastructure systems might be adequate to support the country 's tepid 3-4 % growth rates , but they are hardly adequate to support the 6-7 % rates that it ought to be enjoying amidst the current global boom .
Russia , despite Siberia 's massive oil and gas riches , is n't even investing enough to support healthy growth in its energy industries , much less human development in the country 's impoverished areas -LRB- including hapless Siberia -RRB- .
But , on the other hand , some of Bush 's more intemperate Republican colleagues might have told him that global warming will lift ocean levels to the point where many of the coastal `` blue '' states , which tend to vote for the opposition Democrats , will be washed away , leaving only `` red '' Republican states in the center of the country .
With his country so totally -- indeed , embarrassingly -- dependent on oil and gas revenues , he is hardly likely to want to spark a big push towards energy conservation .
Outside Africa , the people who will suffer the most are those in countries like Brazil , India , China , and Mexico , whose leaders rightly took on rich-country farm subsidies , but wrongly failed to recognize the profound costs of the developing world 's own import restrictions .
Thanks to America 's gaping trade deficits , the biggest headache of every developing country finance minister nowadays is trying to keep his or her country 's currency from going up too fast against the dollar .
Sure , the decision to invade Iraq was a big help in pushing the country 's finances off a cliff , but that is far from the whole story .
Governments may try to resist the fall of the dollar , but in today 's world of deep and fluid capital markets , they will not succeed indefinitely , even in Asia .
America 's Anti-Environmentalists As an American , I am appalled , ashamed , and embarrassed by my country 's lack of leadership in dealing with global warming .
America 's unwillingness to take the lead on environmental issues may some day be regarded as one of the country 's most profound political failures .
Worst of all , the election loser , López Obrador , seems willing to throw the country into turmoil rather than accept the constitutional legitimacy of his defeat .
Yet , if Brazil is to enjoy growth above the modest levels of the past few years , the country badly needs to reform its labor laws , open itself more to foreign trade , and improve the quality of its primary education system .
US Treasury secretaries have always loved to lecture their foreign colleagues on America 's economic perfection , and why every country should seek to emulate it .
The Japanese typically try to keep quiet .
As huge winners from globalization , they want to avoid criticism of their trade and financial policies , which arguably remain considerably more protectionist than those of their rich-country counterparts .
Unfortunately , faced with the growing risks to the dollar 's status , American policymakers , rather than nursing the country 's premier export , seem to be more interested in milking it .
American voters , who are famously loathe to increase taxes , might start thinking a lot harder about the real economic costs of their country 's superpower status .
For a relatively poor country like China , real unions could help balance employers ' power , bringing quality-of-life benefits that outweigh the growth costs .
When they try to connect these issues with trade , however , their motives become questionable .
But at least it does n't tax poor countries , as rich-country imperialists did until well into the twentieth century .
Besides , it is not like there is huge profit for G-8 leaders in trying to collect coins from impoverished peoples living on a dollar a day .
The real issue is how much money rich-country governments will be giving poor-country governments , not vice versa .
As all but the most belligerent critics of US President George W Bush will acknowledge , America has taken an important lead in trying to make things marginally better .
It is increasing aid , but it is trying to focus the benefits on countries that are reasonably well governed .
But I believe that the problem could easily be solved by , say , giving the World Bank an endowment of rich-country bonds and permitting it to expend the interest .
Chinese authorities are so worried by their country 's 7 % inflation they are copying India and imposing price controls on food .
Faced with a vicious combination of collapsing housing prices and imploding credit markets , the Fed has been aggressively cutting interest rates to try to stave off a recession .
Others , such as Russia and Argentina , do not literally peg to the dollar but nevertheless try to smooth movements .
Maybe they , too , should try holding a few conferences in Zimbabwe , and get a reality check of their own .
Far-flung military misadventures continue to stretch the country 's fiscal resources , with costs potentially running into many trillions of dollars , according a recent study by Linda Bilmes and Joseph Stiglitz .
Keynesian stimulus policies might help ease the pain a bit for individual countries acting in isolation . But if every country tries to stimulate consumption at the same time , it wo n't work .
Rich country consumers are responding to higher energy prices , and it helps .
Now Iceland 's banks , having borrowed several times the national GDP , are in desperate trouble , with debts far beyond what the small country 's taxpayers can absorb .
Today , the two largest Swiss banks are sinking in liabilities that exceed seven times the country 's income .
Why , then , should ordinary taxpayers foot the bill to bail out the financial industry ?
The sub-prime mortgage loan problem triggered a drop in some financial institutions ' key lines of business , particularly their opaque but extremely profitable derivatives businesses . Some shrinkage of the industry is inevitable .
In principle , the financial industry can become smaller by having each institution contract proportionately , say , by 15 % . But this is not the typical pattern in any industry .
It is time to take stock of the crisis and recognize that the financial industry is undergoing fundamental shifts , and is not simply the victim of speculative panic against housing loans . Certainly better regulation is part of the answer over the longer run , but it is no panacea .
With minds concentrated by fears of another 1930 's - style Great Depression , America 's political leaders developed , virtually overnight , a $ 700 billion bailout plan to resuscitate the country 's rapidly deflating financial sector .
Perhaps , but let 's not forget that a lot of very smart people in the financial industry thought the same thing until quite recently .
Rather , the Fund 's role , even in the current crisis , should be sharpened as an interlocutor between lenders and developing country borrowers , rather than simply as a replacement for all other loan sources .
Rich country governments , led by central banks , should provide the large scale funding needed to stem the run on developing country finances .
Indeed , the currency of any country that is significantly dependent on commodity exports has suffered .
But China 's rulers know that their highly repressed banking system is vulnerable as the country continues to pursue gradual financial liberalization , and that foreign currency reserves may be needed for recapitalization .
As governments try to avoid outright nationalization of banks , they will find themselves being forced to carry out second and third recapitalizations .
The US may be ground zero for the global financial crisis , but it is not the only country riven by self-doubt .
As a result , some once-booming Chinese coastal areas now look like ghost towns , as tens of thousands of laid-off workers have packed their bags and returned to the countryside .
Unfortunately , China 's local officials need to excel in the country 's `` growth tournament '' to get promoted .
Although governments may try to cram public debt down the throats of local savers -LRB- by using , for example , their rising influence over banks to force them to hold a disproportionate quantity of government paper -RRB- , they will eventually find themselves having to pay much higher interest rates as well .
Worse yet , unless financial systems spring back , growth could disappoint for years to come , especially in `` ground zero '' countries such as the United States , Britain , Ireland and Spain . US long-term growth could be particularly dismal , as the Obama administration steers the country toward more European levels of welfare assistance and income redistribution ,
As debt mounts and the recession lingers , we are surely going to see a number of governments trying to lighten their load through financial repression , higher inflation , partial default , or a combinations of all three .
US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner has floated a far-reaching overhaul of the financial system , and China 's leaders are starting to take steps towards improving the country 's social safety net .
Indeed , G-20 governments now face the daunting prospect of trying to rein in the monster they have created .
And even if regulators take their time to try to get it right , as most of us think they should , the world may have to live with weak credit expansion as banks hold back , awaiting a clearer verdict on their future .
Anyone familiar with Dubai understands that these are but small examples of a much broader embrace of creativity that has allowed the country to court elite foreign professionals in finance and other industries .
But investors are learning the hard way that no country 's possibilities and resources are limitless .
Some view Greece as Argentina revisited , noting the stunning parallels with the country that in 2001 set the record for the world 's largest default -LRB- in dollar terms -RRB- .
Others , such as Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou , see the country 's problems as difficult but manageable , and complain of interference from ill-intentioned foreign speculators .
And it can happen to any country , although advanced countries can usually tighten fiscal policy with sufficient speed and credibility that the pain comes mainly in slower growth .
But , whereas we are likely to see a wave of defaults and IMF programs this time , too , fiscal meltdown does not have to hit every highly indebted country .
Indeed , what a country like Greece should be doing is pulling out all the stops to stay clear of the first and second wave of restructurings and IMF programs .
In the case of Argentina , a pair of massive IMF loans in 2000 and 2001 ultimately only delayed the inevitable harsh adjustment , and made the country 's ultimate default even more traumatic .
Until now , the government has been able to finance its vast debts locally , despite paying paltry interest rates even on longer-term borrowings .
The country also needs to find ways to enhance the productivity of those workers it does have .
Why should a country choose to default as long as there are rich benefactors willing to lend money to preserve an illusion of normalcy ? Bond markets are easily lulled .
The Fund 's proposal has been greeted with predictable disdain and derision by the financial industry .
It would be better to improve financial-market regulation directly and let national tax systems handle banks ' income like that of any other industry .
And , as is often the case , a crisis in one country may go global , with many other countries radically scaling back off-shore and out-of-bounds projects .
The finance industry already is warning that new regulation may overshoot -- that is , have the unintended effect of sharply impeding growth .
In Japan , the Koizumi government wants to privatize the behemoth postal service , whose giant financial arm is wrapped like a python around the country 's banking system .
These craftsmen do n't want to be told that they should start retraining as tour guides to service the inevitable horde of middle-income Chinese tourists , as that country takes over high-end light manufacturing like tailoring .
With such resistance to change , it is no wonder that so many political leaders try to lull their subjects to sleep , hoping that when everyone wakes up , it will all have proven a dream .
Already stressed by extraordinarily high rates of unemployment , twenty-somethings are now awakening to the fact that their country 's growth model -- the one they are dreaming to be a part of -- is , in fact , completely unsustainable , whatever their political leaders tell them .
Last but not least , however , it is important to try to preserve dynamism in the US and European economies through productivity-enhancing measures -- for example , by being vigilant about anti-trust policy , and by streamlining and simplifying tax systems .
At the same time , emerging-market central banks need to accumulate gold reserves , which they still hold in far lower proportion than do rich-country central banks .
The new US Congress is looking for scapegoats for the country 's economic quagmire .
India , Brazil , and China , for example , continue to exploit World Trade Organization rules that allow long phase-in periods for fully opening up their domestic markets to developed-country imports , even as their own exporters enjoy full access to rich-country markets .
Colombian goods already enjoy virtual free entry to the US market , while Colombian consumers would benefit enormously if their country were to reciprocate by opening its markets to US goods and services .
This burden includes both public debt -LRB- owed by the government -RRB- and external dent -LRB- owed by the country as a whole to foreigners -RRB- .
Paradoxically , cross-country measures of income and wealth inequality are actually falling , thanks to continuing robust growth in emerging markets .
It can not help that the government is simultaneously being forced to absorb new austerity measures to deal with the country 's precarious debt burden .
Unfortunately , any country that taxes capital too aggressively will only succeed in chasing it to regions where the tax burden is lighter .
The cult of the `` Greenspan put '' stemmed from the previous Fed chairman 's avowed belief that the Fed should not try to resist a sharply rising stock market , except to the extent that such a market undermines the long-term stability of prices for ordinary goods .
Instead , at the IMF 's April 2011 interim meeting , a senior official declared that the Fund now considers troubled Spain to be a core eurozone country like Germany , rather than a peripheral country like Greece , Portugal , or Ireland .
Even outside Europe , the IMF has long given too much credence to sitting governments , rather than focusing on the long-term interests of the country and its people .
The Fund is doing Europe 's people no favor by failing to push aggressively for a more realistic solution , including dramatic debt write-downs for peripheral eurozone countries and re-allocating core-country guarantees elsewhere .
Even the best part of the plan , the proposed -LRB- but not really agreed -RRB- 50 % haircut for private-sector holders of Greek sovereign debt , is not sufficient to stabilize that country 's profound debt and growth problems .
In Iraq , Europeans fully share the American objectives of preserving the country 's unity and achieving at least some modicum of democracy .
When pressed about his failing memory , he impatiently responded , `` Why am I expected to remember things in a country in which the president does not remember whether he graduated from university ? ''
Indeed , the elections demonstrated that Chávez 's control of the country is no longer total .
The opposition , meanwhile , will try to expand on its victory , which , though partial , was significant in its political symbolism .
The electoral results of November 2008 , and a global financial crisis that has strained Chávez 's ability to pay for his radical policies , may now limit his chances to continue dividing a country whose inhabitants , like most people , want to live in a peaceful and prosperous democracy .
Sink or Swim in the Philippines MANILA -- The tragedy of the sinking of the Princess of the Stars ferry in the waters off Romblon in the Philippines -- with hundreds of corpses still believed trapped inside -- is proof that the country is prone not only to natural calamities , but to manmade ones as well .
In the country 's statute books , the value is even lower -- just $ 100 .
This lawless legality is all too common in a country where 85 % of people live in abject poverty .
Ríos Montt 's presence on the ballot has shocked Guatemalans committed to combating the impunity the country 's powerful have traditionally enjoyed .
Brazil 's diplomatic efforts with Iran -- a country suspected of developing nuclear energy for military purposes -- began at a meeting last year between President Barack Obama and Brazilian President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva during the G8 +5 summit in L'Aquila , Italy .
Would denial of admission to the eurozone because a country fails to fulfil rules that current members spurn really be legitimate ?
The European Commission spent the last three years trying to tighten the exchange rate criterion , which would make it an insurmountable obstacle for eurozone candidates .
Intervention inside the narrow band would be discouraged -LRB- banned ? -RRB- , so that rather than trying to force the foreign exchange market to fit the policies of a candidate country , we would be `` listening '' to what markets say about the best rate for conversion to the euro .
The hardest challenge is redefining the fiscal criterion , but one thing is clear : it would be absurd if candidates had to pass a test that was never applied after entry .
Whether the doctrine 's authors really believe that NATO poses a threat to Russia is not clear , as the country has not had such peaceable neighbors on its Western borders for more than 300 years .
Merging zombie banks is like drunks trying to help each other stand up .
JPMorgan 's takeover of Bear Stearns and WaMu ; Bank of America 's takeover of Countrywide and Merrill Lynch ; and Wells Fargo 's takeover of Wachovia underscore the problem .
Many state and local governments in poorer regions of the country are at risk of bankruptcy unless the federal government undertakes a massive bailout of their finances .
But if a country is effectively insolvent rather than just illiquid , such `` bailouts '' can not prevent eventual default and devaluation -LRB- or exit from a monetary union -RRB- because the international lender of last resort eventually will stop financing an unsustainable debt dynamic , as occurred Argentina -LRB- and in Russia in 1998 -RRB- .
But deflation is associated with persistent recession -LRB- see Argentina again -RRB- , and no country 's society and political system can accept years of recession and fiscal austerity to achieve real depreciation . Default and an exit from the euro would occur well before that .
All successful rescues of countries in financial distress -- Mexico , Korea , Thailand , Brazil , Turkey -- require two conditions : the country 's credible willingness to impose the fiscal austerity and structural reforms needed to restore sustainability and growth ; and massive amounts of front-loaded official support to avoid a self-fulfilling rollover crisis of maturing public and\/or private short-term debts .
Reform without money on the table does not work , as nervous and trigger-happy investors would rather pull their money out if the country lacks the foreign-currency reserves needed to prevent the equivalent of a bank run on its short-term liabilities .
So , after a totally flawed plan that would have given money to Greece too late -- only when the country risked a refinancing crisis -- and at market rates that would make its debt unsustainable , the EU regained its senses and designed a new scheme that is closer to typical IMF conditionality : tranched support with some early front-loaded support and a semi-concessional interest rate .
Indeed , a practical definition of a financial crisis is an event that forces policy officials to spend a long weekend trying desperately to announce a new bailout package in order to avoid national and global panic before the markets open on Monday .
In such a world , recovery in the stronger emerging markets -- the great hope for the global economy -- will suffer , because no country is an island economically .
But Leterme seems unable to keep his own country together , let alone unite Europe .
So the competitive devaluation war in which we find ourselves is a zero-sum game : one country 's gain is some other country 's loss .
But sounder fiscal policy might lead to even higher inflows as the country 's external balance and sovereign-risk outlook improve .
A sixth option -- especially where a country has carried out partially sterilized intervention to prevent excessive currency appreciation -- is to reduce the risk of credit and asset bubbles by imposing prudential supervision of the financial system .
LONDON -- I recently took two trips to China just as the government launched its 12th Five-Year Plan to rebalance the country 's long-term growth model .
The problem , of course , is that no country can be productive enough to reinvest 50 % of GDP in new capital stock without eventually facing immense overcapacity and a staggering non-performing loan problem .
In effect , these instruments turn creditors into shareholders in a country 's economy , entitling them to a portion of its future profits while temporarily reducing its debt burden .
This implies using official resources like the EFSF not to backstop an insolvent Greece , but to recapitalize the country 's banks -- and those in Ireland , Spain , Portugal , Italy , and even Germany and Belgium that need more capital .
Leaving the common currency would , of course , threaten collateral damage for the exiting country and raise the risk of contagion for other weak eurozone members .
Chávez , no doubt , will cast himself as an opponent of the plutocracy that once ruled the country with the backing of the traditional , and highly corrupt , political parties .
Such a policy has been successful in the Netherlands , substantially contributing to the development and power of the country 's agribusiness .
Ten of 21 branches of Dutch agribusiness , including horticultural seeds , ornamentals , seed potatoes , and veal , are among the top contributors to the national economy and the country 's trade balance .
The Global Economy 's Dialogue of the Deaf CHICAGO -- As governments do more to try to coax the world economy out of recession , the danger of protectionism is becoming more real .
The number of inefficient workers protected by these measures is offset by the number of efficient workers laid off by foreign multinationals responding to political pressures in their home country .
In addition to explicit protectionist measures , governments now plan actions that will affect others across the globe . For example , the large volume of public debt that industrial countries will issue will undoubtedly raise interest rates and affect developing country governments ' borrowing costs .
There is little dialogue about how industrial country issuances can be staggered to minimize the impact on global markets , and what alternatives can be developed for countries that are shut out .
The IMF has , however , become far more neutral than it is given credit for -- though it could take more steps to distance itself from its past . These include abolishing any region or country 's right to appoint IMF management ; allowing the Fund to borrow from markets , so that it does not have to keep seeking key countries ' permission to expand ; eliminating any country 's official veto power over major decisions ; and having its agenda set by the IMFC rather than outside bodies .
The Canadian judges held that international law granted no such unilateral right -LRB- and nor did the country 's own constitution -RRB- .
In Argentina , even under President Raúl Alfonsin , the first democratically elected president following the military government , extrajudicial executions perpetrated by the country 's police accounted for one-third of all homicides .
In the case of Egypt , for example , Minister of Economic Cooperation Faiza Abu al-Naga suggested in January that Mubarak himself was directing the country 's foreign-loan policy and `` oversee -LRB- ing -RRB- the entire process . '' Even if true , there may be nothing legally wrong with such an arrangement .
At the start of the new decade , too , Turkey 's geopolitical position , rich historical heritage , cultural depth , well-educated young population , ever-strengthening democracy , growing economy , and constructive foreign policy make it an indispensable country in a world transformed by rapid globalization .
Having the army uproot Jewish settlements - with inevitable scenes of settlers resisting and being dragged off - will be a traumatic event for the country .
Assuming that terrorist attacks against Israel are going to continue under any circumstances , he seeks to improve the country 's strategic position to handle this war .
By trying to do too much -- or believing that one can achieve more than is possible -- the result can be failure and certainly will be disappointment .
Naturally , most other Lebanese are unhappy that Hezbollah 's adventurism has dragged their country into war and inflicted great destruction on it .
Ideally , Lebanon 's army and government would enter the area and run it as part of their country .
But even if international institutions or Lebanon do nothing , Israel will attack any Hizballah forces trying to get close enough to cross the border or fire rockets at Israeli civilians .
Israel will feel free to retaliate for cross-border attacks and continuing rocket fire at civilian targets within the country .
However , this does not necessarily mean that Turkey will become an Islamic , must less an Islamist , country .
Many Israelis distrust his ability to lead the country .
Sharon embodied a new national consensus , accepted by at least two-thirds of the population , that reflects deep-seated changes in the country and its situation .
Kadima 's victory in Israel 's elections is the country 's most important political turning point in 30 years , if not longer .
The new party -- barely six months old -- has realigned Israeli politics by transforming the entire framework of ideological assumptions underpinning the country 's security strategy .
With few political stars left in either Labor or Likud , Kadima may become the country 's dominant party for many years to come .
The country would then focus on domestic issues such as economic development , improving its public institutions , and raising living standards .
Egypt 's Kifaya Movement has raised the ante in its opposition to President Hosni Mubarak 's regime by issuing a massive report that dares to name names and detail corruption among the country 's leaders .
Nothing in Egypt 's long history has ever equaled this airing of the country 's dirtiest laundry .
Some of the younger officers complained about corruption . Mubarak apparently surprised them by saying that he knew that many leading people in the country were thieves , but that he believed they had stolen enough to keep them happy .
The need for reform , it argues , is not based merely on a desire for better government or abstract rights , but is necessary to save a country that is being strangled .
The regime may respond by trying to tighten the noose .
Building up Afghanistan 's security forces is at most a stopgap measure , as the country can not sustain forces of the size that it now needs .
Only a regional and global agreement to place Afghanistan 's stability above other objectives can make long-term stability possible by enabling Afghanistan to survive with security forces that it can afford . Such agreement , however , will require political and diplomatic initiatives both inside and outside of the country .
Pressure will not work if Pakistan 's leaders believe that their country 's survival is at stake .
From the outset of this conflict , it was clear that our Coalition had to go on the offensive against an enemy without country or conscience .
Over 10 million Afghans , 41 % of them women , were registered to vote in the country 's first national election .
They attack any sort of hope or progress to try to undermine morale .
Across the country , voters arrived on crutches and in donkey carts , passing by posters that threatened : `` You vote , you die . ''
In Tunisia , the largest newspaper has a circulation of roughly 50,000 in a country of 10 million people .
As a young military officer , he had visited our country and had had an excellent experience .
The Chinese people are educated and talented , and their country has great potential , with high economic growth rates and an industrious work force .
Many EU members look at the newcomers from Central and Eastern Europe and see countries that largely try to adhere to the liberal , free-market model .
The asymmetry facilitated an eastward transfer of EU norms and institutional convergence , but no commensurate transfer of resources .
Dr. Suritiri Fola , one of a handful of AIDS experts in Nigeria 's Federal Ministry of Health , was , at age 32 , directing the national ARV program .
If a country were at war and knew that one-third of its population were certain to perish in the next ten years , its leaders would most likely declare a state of emergency and commit every resource at their command to averting that outcome .
In one southern African country , a leadership group comprising representing the ministry of health , local non-governmental organizations , as well as multi-lateral and bi-lateral aid groups , created a proposal for the Global Fund .
When they voted on the components to be included in the country 's submission , the HIV\/AIDS and tuberculosis plans were accepted but the malaria component was rejected due to its low quality .
The health ministry representative responsible for the malaria component was a crony of the health minister and complained about his proposal 's rejection .
The threat was carried out : this country has put forward no proposal .
Presidents must pressure their planning , education , and finance ministers to work with the health ministry and other key stakeholders to create a national plan that focuses the government 's energies .
Likewise , in 2004 , Costa Rica 's president decreed that his administration stop advertising in the country 's leading daily newspaper , in retaliation for critical coverage .
In 2006 and 2007 , Peru 's housing minister used government advertising contracts to tilt coverage of his ministry and himself in national newspapers .
At risk is the emerging diversity of opinion and reporting that has begun to invigorate the region 's traditionally staid and monopolistic media industry .
They failed to comprehend that Iraq has long been an occupied and externally manipulated country .
Bush 's refusal to set a deadline for withdrawing troops is not taken as a sign of resolve , but as a statement of America 's intent to remain in Iraq , establish a puppet regime , control the country 's oil and set up permanent military bases .
Peaceful diplomacy did the job , showing Qadaffi that reopening diplomatic relations with the West and abandoning Libya 's nuclear ambitions would be advantageous for its own future and that of the country .
Villages currently trapped in hunger and subsistence agriculture would become commercial centers for food processing and exports , and even for rural industry and services supported by electrification , mobile phones , and other improved technologies .
In the 2005 rankings , Iceland scored as the least corrupt country , with the Scandinavian countries , New Zealand , and Singapore close behind .
In general , the poorer the country , the lower the ranking : tied for last place are Chad and Bangladesh .
The decade-long sanctions against Myanmar have not restored Aung San Suu Kyi to power , but have deepened the disease burden and extreme poverty in that country .
Even in the US , a country that fancies itself as a model of democracy , African-Americans were not truly enfranchised until the mid-1960 's .
In Peru , for example , Alejandro Toledo is that country 's first indigenous president .
Taxation is broad-based and relatively non-distorting , while open international trade , market forces , and private ownership of industry are relied on to maintain incentives .
Complete eradication is in reach , but is still proving elusive , as small outbreaks have plagued one country or another in recent years .
Israeli forces regularly try to `` decapitate '' the violent opposition by killing Palestinian leaders , as if the problem were a few individuals rather than ongoing political stalemate .
Israel refused even to negotiate with the Hamas-led Palestinian government , trying to squeeze it financially and make it capitulate .
The war party appears to be trying to whip up American public opinion in support of a wider conflict .
For several years , the Bush administration tried to hide the facts from the public , deleting references to manmade climate from government documents and even trying to suppress statements by leading government scientists .
Until recently , Exxon Mobil and other companies paid lobbyists to try to distort the public debate .
The richest country and biggest contributor to global climate change , the US , did n't even sign . Neither did Australia .
Bottom trawling should simply be outlawed ; it would be simple and inexpensive to compensate the fishing industry during a transition to other activities .
From largely unused land a generation ago , Pudong has become a booming center of skyscrapers , luxury hotels , parks , industry , and vast stretches of apartment buildings .
Farmers might be able to increase their output , but it wo n't be able to reach the cities , and the cities wo n't be able to provide the countryside with inputs .
Darfur , the poorest part of a very poor country , fits that dire pattern .
A meat industry could be developed in which Darfur 's pastoralists would multiply their incomes by selling whole animals , meat products , processed goods -LRB- such as leather -RRB- , dairy products , and more .
Recent success stories have been made possible through a combination of increased spending from poor countries ' budgets , supplemented by aid from rich-country donors .
Mastering the subject requires expertise in many scientific fields , including climatology , oceanography , atmospheric chemistry , ecology , engineering , politics , and economics .
Global processes like the IPCC are crucial , but the issues must also be `` brought home '' to the conditions and challenges facing each country .
Kenyans voted in vast numbers , waiting in the hot sun for several hours at crowded polling booths around the country .
As the tallies from polling stations from around the country came into Nairobi , Odinga built up a lead of several hundred thousand votes .
According to detailed evidence submitted by the opposition , the tallies from the countryside , allegedly already padded for Kibaki , were again manipulated , with additional votes awarded to him .
It was at that point that the Fed turned on the monetary spigots to try to combat an economic slowdown .
He argued that vast amounts of foreign capital flowed through US banks to the housing sector because international investors appreciated `` the depth and sophistication of the country 's financial markets -LRB- which among other things have allowed households easy access to housing wealth -RRB- . ''
For example , solar power plants in America 's Mohave Desert could supply more than half of the country 's electricity needs .
For a farm family of five or six living on one hectare , this means extreme poverty , and for their country , it means reliance on expensive food imports , including food aid .
While we are well past the time when the United States alone could solve any global problems , it does not even try to find shared global solutions .
The smartest move would be to agree that each country tax its CO2 emissions in order to reduce climate change , and then devote a fixed amount of the proceeds to global problem solving .
The US auto industry should be re-tooled for low-carbon-emission automobiles , either plug-in hybrids or pure battery-operated vehicles .
The landlocked and impoverished country of Malawi , under the leadership of President Bingu wa Mutharika , has doubled its annual food production since 2005 through a pioneering effort to help its poorest farmers .
In almost all of the rich-country proposals about targets , limits , commitments , and permits for greenhouse gases , there is hardly a word about helping poor countries to finance the transition to sustainable technologies .
They mobilize armies , organize political factions , combat warlords , or try to grapple with religious extremism .
For example , Pakistan , an already arid country , will suffer under the pressures of a rapidly rising population , which has grown from 42 million in 1950 to 184 million in 2010 , and may increase further to 335 million in 2050 , according to the UN 's `` medium '' scenario .
While the US has signed an agreement with Iraq to leave by the end of 2011 , there is talk in the Pentagon that US `` non-combat '' troops will remain in the country for years or decades to come .
A recent survey showed overwhelming Pakistani opposition to US military incursions into their country .
If so , the results could prove catastrophic , leading to a spreading war in an unstable country of 180 million people .
Each country asks itself , `` How do I do the least and get the other countries to do the most ? , '' when they should be asking instead , `` How do we cooperate to achieve our shared goals at minimum cost and maximum benefit ? ''
We might try to tap bio-fuels , but only in forms that do not compete with food supplies or with precious environmental assets .
The negotiations would discuss the range of options open to each country and region -- from CCS to solar , wind , and nuclear power -- and would sketch a timetable for a new generation of low-emission automobiles , recognizing that market competition as well as public financing will set the actual pace .
We need to think hard , and collaboratively , about the world 's real technological options , and then pursue a common global framework that allows us to move into a new era , one based on feasible and sustainable technologies for energy , transport , industry , and buildings .
Perhaps the main risk is that the `` aid bureaucracies '' now trip over each other to try to get their hands on the $ 20 billion , so that much of it gets taken up by meetings , expert consultations , overhead , reports , and further meetings .
It is the world 's largest and most powerful country , and the one most responsible for the climate change to this point , it has behaved without any sense of duty -- to its own citizens , to the world , and to future generations .
Obama in Chains NEW YORK -- It is hard for international observers of the United States to grasp the political paralysis that grips the country , and that seriously threatens America 's ability to solve its domestic problems and contribute to international problem solving .
Yet his agenda is stalled and the country 's ideological divisions grow deeper .
Fifty-eight percent of Democrats thought the country was headed in the right direction , compared with 9 % of Republicans .
The Senate now operates on an informal rule that opponents will try to kill a legislative proposal through a `` filibuster '' -- a procedural attempt to prevent the proposal from coming to a vote .
The biggest players , including Wall Street , the automobile companies , the health-care industry , the armaments industry , and the real-estate sector , have done great damage to the US and world economy over the past decade .
With fertilizer , improved seeds , small-scale irrigation , rapid training and extension services , and low-cost storage silos , Haiti 's food production could double or triple in the next few years , sustaining the country and building a new rural economy .
The World Food Program can help peasant farmers to produce more food in the countryside and then purchase the food to use in food-for-work programs oriented to construction projects .
Today 's campaigners against action on climate change are in many cases backed by the same lobbies , individuals , and organizations that sided with the tobacco industry to discredit the science linking smoking and lung cancer .
And the message is clear : large-scale use of oil , coal , and gas is threatening the biology and chemistry of the planet .
We are fueling dangerous changes in Earth 's climate and ocean chemistry , giving rise to extreme storms , droughts , and other hazards that will damage the food supply and the quality of life of the planet .
In a Millennium Village in Ethiopia that I recently visited with the country 's health minister , a local father explained to me how he had decided to keep his daughter in school rather than marrying her at age 12 to a neighbor 's son .
Universal secondary education , especially for girls , is transformative for societies attempting to escape poverty , because education changes the demographic dynamics of the country as well .
My own country , the US , shows the largest gap between promises and reality .
Second , any future promises made by the G-20 should be accompanied by a clear and transparent accounting of what each country will do , and when .
Every G-20 promise should spell out the specific actions and commitments of each country , as well as the overall promise of the group .
The G-20 meets later this year in South Korea , a country that has emerged from poverty and hunger over the past 50 years .
Our best hope is that South Korea will succeed as the next host country , picking up where Canada has fallen far short .
Yet , while it is clear that Obama would like to move forward on the issue , so far he has pursued a failed strategy of negotiating with senators and key industries to try to forge an agreement .
The Obama administration should have tried -- and should still try -- an alternative approach .
This focus on material improvement aimed at meeting basic needs makes sense for a country at Bhutan 's relatively low income level .
Bhutan is also asking how economic growth can be combined with environmental sustainability -- a question that it has answered in part through a massive effort to protect the country 's vast forest cover and its unique biodiversity .
The country is also intent on ensuring that the benefits of growth reach all of the population , regardless of region or income level .
One must hope that the quest for GNH will help steer the country away from such temptations .
America today presents the paradox of a rich country falling apart because of the collapse of its core values .
Yet the country is in the throes of an ugly moral crisis .
The Republican Party 's real game is to try to lock that income and wealth advantage into place .
The rich will try to push such an agenda , but ultimately they will fail .
That is true for any country , but it is especially relevant for rich countries .
The rich will try to use their power to commandeer more land , more water , and more energy for themselves , and many will support violent means to do so , if necessary .
The US economy has been taken over by billionaires , the oil industry , and other key sectors .
This surge is all the more remarkable given that Egypt is a desert country , its inhabitants packed along the Nile .
South Korea is probably the leading success story , with superb educational attainment and strong employment of young people having taken it from developing-country to high-income status within one generation .
Today 's reality , however , is that great powers can no longer divide and conquer other regions , even if they try .
The days when a country could depend on large-scale American financing are over .
Ban 's rise from poverty to global leadership parallels his country 's trajectory .
In the United States , a large majority of Americans believe that the country is `` on the wrong track . ''
Since then , the country has been experimenting with an alternative , holistic approach to development that emphasizes not only economic growth , but also culture , mental health , compassion , and community .
Dozens of experts recently gathered in Bhutan 's capital , Thimphu , to take stock of the country 's record .
It is destroying the natural environment through climate change and other kinds of pollution , while a relentless stream of oil-industry propaganda keeps many people ignorant of this .
Consider how the fast-food industry uses oils , fats , sugar , and other addictive ingredients to create unhealthy dependency on foods that contribute to obesity .
And governments should cooperate globally to regulate those parts of the economy -- notably finance and the environment -- in which problems in one country can spill over to other parts of the world .
In rich countries , patent protection should continue so that the pharmaceutical industry keeps innovating .
But rich-country voters may demand that drug prices for them should also fall .
Still , rich country drug purchasers , however , should not fear the worst : there is no reason to believe that the drug prices they pay would rise just because drug companies agree to lower prices in poor countries .
Political and economic reforms over the past decade were supposed to lead the country out of chronic economic crisis .
Yet ten years later , the same Signor Cavallo is trying to fend off recession and government default .
Starting with Cavallo , Argentina 's boosters argue that these problems are transitory , and blame the country 's difficulties on turmoil in world financial markets and the US dollar 's excessive strength in relation to the Euro , which reduces Argentina 's export competitiveness .
Market reformers focused their attention on reducing the size of government , but overlooked the government 's role in raising the country 's technological capacity .
? The financial industry should adopt tougher codes of conduct to avoid conflicts of interest in financial advising ;
? The financial industry should overhaul its training so that analysts understand the economics of the markets in which they operate ;
It has not provided enough leadership and financing in fighting AIDS in poor countries ; dragged its feet on canceling unpayable debts of the world 's poorest countries -LRB- not because of the financial costs , which are negligible as they could not be repaid anyway , but because US politicians have not taken the plight of the poor seriously -RRB- ; and slashed foreign assistance as a share of national income to where it is lower than any rich country .
This is a worthy and urgent goal , but its realization will require significant changes in rich-country policies , particularly in the United States itself .
If every rich country contributed around one-tenth of 1 % of its national income , or roughly 1 cent for every $ 10 dollars earned , the result would be $ 25 billion a year that could be used to save the lives of millions of the world 's poor .
Trade does indeed benefit the poor if rich-country markets are opened , so that the poor can sell what they produce .
For purposes of our report , we define competitiveness in a precise way : as a country 's capacity to achieve sustained economic growth in the medium term -- ie , five-years time .
In defining competitiveness we are not claiming that one country 's competitiveness means another country 's lack of competitiveness .
Each country is interested in knowing whether its policies and institutions stack up against those of other nations in the capacity to achieve and sustain economic growth .
There are aspects of growth that are like head-to-head competition , in which the gains of one country or region can be at the expense of another country or region .
The more one country reaps in foreign direct investment , the less investment another country can attract .
In this year 's rankings , we determined a country 's competitiveness -LRB- the capacity to grow -RRB- according to three broad criteria : -LRB- 1 -RRB- technology ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- public institutions ; and -LRB- 3 -RRB- macroeconomic stability .
Technology refers to the ability of the country to spur new inventions and to adopt technologies invented in other countries .
Universities must be excellent , government laboratories should be world class , and government and industry should be investing heavily in research and development .
No single country , even the largest economy in the world , can stop the cooperation of others .
This month 's entry of China into the WTO is a major step in that process .
The UN will play a central role in the reconstruction of a working government in that country , and in coordinating humanitarian assistance for the Afghan people .
No country wants to be outside of this global process .
It offers countries the gains from increased international trade , faster diffusion of technologies to mutual benefit , and hopes for less cross-country violence and conflict .
Malaria accounts for roughly three percent of the world 's disease burden but attracts just one-sixth of one percent of global R&D outlays in biomedical research , largely because most malaria victims are impoverished and therefore ignored by private industry .
Programs will be conceived at the country level and will be submitted to the new fund for financial backing .
The Commission calls on each potential recipient country to establish national-level commissions to set long-term health priorities and strategies worthy of donor backing .
No country is ready to cede political sovereignty to outside powers or electoral monitors .
One plausible idea is regional monitoring - that a country 's neighbors would help forestall such tyranny .
In 1936 , John Maynard Keynes demonstrated the futility of trying to balance the budget in the midst of an economic depression .
As investors fled the country because of fear of devaluation -LRB- in a period in which the Argentine Government was promising never to devalue the peso , fixed at one-to-one with the US dollar -RRB- , interest rates rose and bank deposits fell .
Closure of the banking system led to a full collapse of confidence in the country .
Now , Argentines are emigrating to Europe and the US in large numbers and are trying to convert Pesos to dollars at any opportunity .
With banks reopened , a currency that works , and suspension of debt servicing , some short-term IMF loans could boost confidence and help the country overcome its crisis of confidence .
Suddenly the country is thrown into a balance of payments crisis , in which it can not service its foreign debts . This disrupts trade and production .
Rather than castigating the poor for their `` sins , '' we should make careful diagnoses , as a good doctor would , for each country and region - to understand the fundamental factors that retard economic growth and development .
Many Turks fear that their country 's exclusion from the EU has nothing to do with specific policies or institutions , but rather with Europe 's permanent hostility to Islamic societies .
Former French President Valery Giscard d'Estaing , currently the President of the Convention on the Future of Europe , recently declared that `` Turkey is not a European country , '' and that Turkey 's admission to the EU would be `` the end of Europe . ''
The new Prime Minister , Abdullah Gul , immediately declared gaining accession to Europe a priority . `` Our aim is to show the world that a country which has a Muslim population can also be democratic , transparent , modern , and cooperative with the world . ''
Khalilzad will have plenty of support in the Bush Administration , which is heavily loaded with oil industry executives .
But what is happening here is more than `` guilt by association '' with the oil industry .
This is the same Bechtel which built Saddam 's `` dual use '' chemical industry ; now it has been awarded a non-competitive $ 600 million mega-contract to rebuild Iraqi infrastructure .
America will soon try to appoint an Iraqi regime that will aim to cancel many of Saddam 's oil contracts with France , Russia , and China , in order to make room for US and UK firms . But this will be harder to accomplish than simply sending in the US army .
Democracy may come to Iraq , and the will of the people will be to stop the plunder of their country 's natural resources by US crony capitalists .
The US Congress has voted almost unanimously -LRB- 418 to 2 in the House of Representatives and 94 to 1 in the Senate -RRB- to tighten trade and financial sanctions against Myanmar , whose despotic regime harasses and repeatedly imprisons the country 's rightful leader , Aung San Suu Kyi .
Economic development in today 's global economy depends on each country being integrated into the worldwide network of production , trade , and investment .
In Iraq during the 1990 's , millions of children suffered repeated illnesses and vast numbers died because international sanctions contributed to ruining the country 's economy .
International organizations have cut back or eliminated their work in the country , and much bilateral foreign aid has been eliminated , too .
One result is that HIV\/AIDS has run rampant , and the country has received almost no help in getting the epidemic under control .
That regime , in turn , is supposed to invite a longer stay by US troops , and to grant concessions to the US oil industry .
Malaysia , a successful and stable moderate Muslim country , has put the issue just right .
The Bush Administration probably launched its war against Iraq because it intended to make the country a new base for long-term military operations in the Gulf region .
A truly sovereign Iraq might well tell the US to withdraw from the country .
Indeed , Iraq is reportedly pumping 1-2 million barrels of oil a day rather than the 2-3 million barrels that the country could quickly achieve in peaceful circumstances .
At that level of production , Iraq would be a middle-income country , with a gross national product per person of several thousand dollars per year , including non-oil production .
America is paying an astounding $ 51 billion per year to station 140,000 troops in the country , a staggering cost of around $ 360,000 per soldier per year .
The forced resignation of Bolivia 's President Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada , following a month of violent demonstrations , marks a tragic milestone whose meaning extends far beyond his impoverished country .
As a landlocked Andean country , Bolivia suffers its own special distress .
Indeed , the precipitating factor in Bolivia 's collapse was a plan to export natural gas to the US through archrival Chile , a country deeply resented since the War of the Pacific in the late 19
Bolivia 's peasant coca cultivators are viewed not as indigenous people trying to survive in a region mostly without jobs , but as drug traffickers .
Now US interests in Bolivia lie in shambles : the country seethes with violence , and coca production is likely to soar .
Woe to any poor country that follows US dictates .
But because the US is the richest , most powerful country in the world , its neglect is devastating .
But something more fundamental is at play : Brazil may finally be overcoming some of the deepest obstacles to its economic development , obstacles that held the country back for decades .
· climate change will shift every aspect , such as temperature , rainfall , and storm patterns , as well as bringing fundamental changes in the physical environment , such as rising sea levels and changes in ocean chemistry .
American reactions to the Abu Ghraib torture scenes , followed by the beheading of the American hostage Nicholas Berg , show clearly the route to barbarism in a supposedly civilized country .
Perhaps that lesson - the need to subject even the most powerful country to international law - will be one benefit of the otherwise disastrous war that the US launched in Iraq .
India is a country on the move , with rapid economic development and dazzling dynamism in the information technology sector .
There are an estimated 600,000 villages in this vast country of one billion citizens .
Geographical isolation is even more extreme if the country is landlocked , like Bolivia , Afghanistan , Ethiopia , or Burkina Faso .
American behavior and self-perceptions reveal the ease with which a civilized country can engage in large-scale killing of civilians without public discussion .
When an agricultural research unit called the World Agroforestry Center discovered that a certain tree could help African farmers grow more food , they introduced a new and valuable approach to overcoming Africa 's chronic food crisis .
Water-stressed regions like Ethiopia and Sudan can adapt , at least in part , through improved technologies such as `` drip irrigation , '' rainwater harvesting , improved water storage facilities , deep wells , and agro-forestry techniques that make best use of scarce rainfall .
Tony Blair is right to call on his rich-country colleagues to follow through on their unfulfilled promises .
At the time , foreign assistance was about 0.5 % of rich-country income .
Iran 's election fiasco seemingly confirmed for Iranian reformists a conclusion that tens of millions of Iranian citizens reached long ago - the country 's Islamic government , as it exists today , is beyond rehabilitation .
In Tehran , the country 's political heart and soul , less than a third of the electorate turned out .
They held no illusions that their country was a democracy .
Above all , the conservatives ' fate - and the fate of the regime as a whole - depends on the country 's punishing economy .
No matter how hard they try , there exists no simple or immediate solution to Iran 's endemic economic corruption and mismanagement .
So the long term could be long in coming . Courageous Iranians who have labored to reform their country may continue to feel as though they are plowing the seas .
During World War II , Allied soldiers occupied Iran , using the country as a way station to transport supplies from the Persian Gulf to the Soviet Union .
`` They arrived in our country with a certain innocence , '' said the respected Iranian historian Kaveh Bayat , `` and without any colonial pretenses . ''
Indeed , Iran has likely benefited more than any other country from US-led regime changes in Afghanistan and Iraq , as both the Taliban and Saddam Hussein were the country 's sworn enemies .
The liberal elite and intelligentsia rail against the dictator , confident that their country is primed for secular democracy .
In Iran , apart from senior commanders , who were either killed or fled the country , the Shah 's powerful , staunchly secular army switched sides to Khomeini 's revolutionary government virtually overnight .
Similarly in Pakistan , it is dangerous to bet that the country 's pro-democracy lawyers , intellectuals , and students will emerge victorious in the tumult and potential carnage of street politics .
Pakistani liberals may be right that their country is invulnerable to an Islamist power grab .
WASHINGTON , DC -- This month marks the one-year anniversary of the contested re-election of hard-line Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , which spurred the country 's largest popular uprisings since the 1979 Islamic revolution .
While the regime gradually succeeded in violently quelling the momentum of the opposition Green Movement , the country 's deep internal rifts -- both among political elites as well as between government and society -- are far from being reconciled .
Sustained strikes by these groups would bring the country 's economy to a halt . This is a tall order , however , given that Iran 's labor groups , while deeply discontented , are just as amorphous as the Green Movement itself .
Whatever becomes of the Green Movement in the short term , millions of courageous Iranian protestors made clear to the world last summer that their country 's centennial quest for a democracy is an idea whose time has come .
It turns out that psychiatry , in particular , has exhibited leadership and innovation in recognizing the public-policy aspects of diagnostic classification .
The history of world psychiatry is peppered with diagnoses of mental illness based on political dissent .
While psychiatry may be leading the debate about these problems , other medical specialties can not be far behind .
With thoughtfulness and perseverance , psychiatry 's current deliberations about diagnosis as public policy will provide a road map for the broader medical debates lurking ahead .
The Politics of Psychiatry
The Politics of Psychiatry Worldwide , annual investments in scientific research to cure devastating mental pathologies such as bipolar disorder , schizophrenia , and clinical depression are huge -- comparable to spending on finding a cure for any other disease .
Societies also often provide ways to encourage , even compel , a mentally ill person into treatment , while recognizing that , because psychiatry can potentially invade and overwhelm personal beliefs and values , mental health practices must be regulated in order to preserve civil liberties .
The politics of psychiatry are inescapable , which is why all societies must consider them with the greatest of seriousness .
This solution is rendered more urgent in Nigeria by the prospect of exploiting the country 's vast reserves of natural gas , which may aggravate and prolong the resource `` curse . ''
Another question is how much of the revenues should be transferred , and how transfers can be effected in a country as large , complex , and financially backward as Nigeria .
Lebanon , argues Paul Salem , may provide a guide for those Iraqis who seek a constitution that can reconcile the country 's Shi-ite , Sunni , Kurdish and Turkmen communities .
Rebuilding a country devastated by war , riven by internal divisions , and plagued by foreign intervention in a part of the world as volatile as the Middle East is one of the most daunting tasks imaginable .
· First , districts should be drawn to ensure that all major communities in the country are amply represented in parliament and none feels left out ;
This could be described as a temporary advisory parliament , or ` Shura Council , ' but it should include hundreds of figures from throughout the country and they should be selected through the Governing Council and interim Government after nationwide consultations .
By recognizing a permanent say in politics for all of the country 's mutually suspicious communities , Iraqis can pull back from the brink and build for themselves an Iraq worthy of their talents and their history .
Iran 's Troubled Rise America 's decision to target Iranian agents in Iraq who may be involved in supporting violent militias is but another sign of the massive influence Iran is exercising in that troubled country .
A country of 70 million , Iran also has potential influence with Shiite communities in Kuwait , Saudi Arabia , Bahrain , and the UAE .
Though a Shiite country in an overwhelmingly Sunni region , Iran 's radical Islamism resonates with the politicized Islamism that is energizing most Arab opposition movements , and its militant opposition to the US and support for groups that engage Israel in battle is very popular on the Arab street and in the Arab media .
For example , while Iran may not be happy with the American presence in Iraq , it realizes how close the country is to full-scale civil war .
Lebanon 's New Status Quo BEIRUT -- Hezbollah 's armed insurrection in May , which overran Beirut and other parts of Lebanon , has dealt a further blow to hopes of true state sovereignty in the country , strengthening Hezbollah and weakening the Western-backed government .
By reasserting its access to the airport and seaports , and by consolidating the political situation in the country , Hezbollah can better survive a shift in Syrian policy : the United States and Israel can no longer ask Syria to `` deliver '' Hezbollah as part of any peace deal over the Golan .
A victory for the March 8 alliance also would have strengthened Israel 's argument that Hezbollah dominates Lebanon , leaving the country more exposed to attack .
Much of this has been achieved through regional and international assistance , but on June 7 the Lebanese people , through the ballot box , proved that they hold ultimate decision-making power over the country 's precarious but potentially promising future .
Indeed , the Lebanese authorities recently arrested a high-level official at one of the country 's two cell-phone companies , alleging that he was an Israeli agent .
While Hezbollah has tried to convince other Lebanese that its presence helps maintain the country 's security and stability , regional and international developments suggest that it faces mounting challenges .
Its WTO commitments are the strongest of any developing country .
Today , a photo of Che 's image displayed on the façade of Cuba 's Interior Ministry is a must-have for tourists .
To start , we can rule out Chile from the supposed leftist surge , for it is a country ruled by a centrist coalition of Ricardo Lagos 's European-style socialists and the country 's historic Christian democrats .
It maintains the country 's improved relations with the IMF , and it has even approved an agreement with the US to guarantee investments .
In Colombia , everything indicates that President Álvaro Uribe , erroneously labeled a rightist because of his fight against his country 's guerrillas , will be re-elected .
Partly as a result of this demobilization , but mostly due to the strengthening of the security and justice apparatus , there has been a 50 % reduction in Colombia 's homicide rate and a 70 % drop in kidnapping in the country , making Colombia 's major crime rate equal to that of peaceful Brazil .
NEW DELHI -- For a country with 1.2 billion people , India is ruled by a surprisingly small elite , which runs everything from the government to large companies and even sports bodies .
Except in totalitarian regimes , a country 's elite depends on a degree of popular acceptance , which is mostly derived from the belief that the elite is broadly `` fair '' in its dealings .
In Germany , the old Prussian elite successfully managed the country 's industrialization in the late nineteenth century , but was discredited by defeat in World War I. Nazism filled the ensuing vacuum , and a new equilibrium would be established only after World War II .
-LRB- Many of the country 's top businessmen faced prosecution in subsequent years . -RRB-
But , in the coming decade , today 's established middle class will be swamped by newcomers working their way up from the country 's slums , small towns , and villages .
Since East Pakistan was more populous than West Pakistan , the election 's outcome raised the prospect that the Bengalis would now rule the country as whole .
Hundreds of thousands of women were systematically raped in the countryside .
The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan , perhaps the country 's most credible human rights body , argues that while `` the violence now deeply embedded in society is to be rooted out over the coming years , '' that task `` presents bigger challenges than merely picking up , detaining , and torturing those who authorities claim are militants . ''
These two reforms alone would deprive Russia of its ability to play one country off against another , because a concession granted to one national distributor would immediately become available to customers in all the other countries through enforceable supply contracts clauses and transit protocols overseen by the European Commission .
Such investments will have big implications for Europe 's gas industry and create more transparency in global gas pricing , because it is now possible to import gas from distant producers .
Thus a strengthened EU energy solidarity is vital , with every country in Europe helping via binding `` solidarity clauses '' to guarantee the energy supplies of others in an emergency -- whether that emergency is deliberate or accidental .
In virtually every country in the world , leprosy is no longer regarded as a public-health problem .
Perceptions and assessments of the country 's future often depend heavily on the personality of its leader , his resoluteness , and his intellectual and moral qualities .
Finally , different clans around the president have long been trying to promote their own candidates for succession .
Thus , the implementation of Operation Successor -LRB- which may include the extension of the current president 's term -RRB- has imitated the way Putin himself came to power , and leaves Russia on the same path that Yeltsin set in the last years of his presidency -- a path that will either ruin the country or bring it to a dead end .
However , if Putin 's successor -- or Putin himself -- is imposed on the country in an uncompetitive way , Russia will remain on its current path to nowhere .
They focus on ending organ trafficking but ignore the time-tested truth that trying to stamp out illicit markets either drives them further underground or causes corruption to reappear elsewhere .
Last spring , after the Philippines banned the sale of kidneys to foreigners , a headline in the Jerusalem Post read , `` Kidney Transplant Candidates in Limbo after Philippines Closes Gates . '' -LRB- Israel has one of the lowest donation rates in the world , so the government pays for transplant surgery performed outside the country . -RRB-
But often the reason is that the host country considers a contract to be unfair .
While `` fairness '' may well be in the eyes of the beholder , in some cases , the host country may not have had the expertise required to negotiate the best possible deal -- a frequent situation when MNEs negotiate with the least developed countries -LRB- the world 's 50 poorest countries , most of them in sub-Saharan Africa -RRB- .
The host country , on the other hand , simply can not match such a team .
The resulting contract is all the more problematic because it is likely to involve one of the host country 's few important resources , which can generate more predictable -LRB- and probably higher -RRB- revenues than official development assistance -- and over a long period of time .
In theory , the host country could hire its own international experts to assist it in negotiations .
The ICAF would function like an escrow account into which the firm pays the funds required for the host country to hire a negotiating team .
The escrow account manager then invites the country to select a team , suggesting what skills are required and perhaps even providing a roster of experts .
And these data refer to formal changes in laws and regulations ; no data are available on the extent to which unchanged laws and regulations are implemented in a more restrictive manner , increasing informal barriers to the entry and operations of foreign firms .
In the case of inward FDI , protectionism involves new official measures that are used to prevent or discourage investors from coming to or staying in a host country .
For outward FDI , protectionism involves measures that require domestic companies to repatriate assets or operations to the home country , or that discourage certain types of new investments abroad .
This suggests that a reevaluation of the costs and benefits of FDI was already underway , led , interestingly enough , by developed countries , which in the past had championed liberalization of entry and operational conditions for foreign investors and their protection under international law .
Like their Japanese and South Korean counterparts , however , Chinese firms will have to learn how to operate in highly sophisticated developed-country markets , as well as in developing countries , where their investments in natural resources are expanding rapidly .
Now , under the leadership of President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf , Liberia has reached a historic milestone : a comprehensive debt-reduction package that writes off more than 90 % of its foreign debt and opens up new opportunities to rebuild the country .
The country has put in place strong policies and systems to manage debt ; implemented new laws on financial management , procurement , and audit ; stepped up spending on health centers nationwide ; and sought to provide qualified and properly paid teachers in all public schools .
Liberia 's strategy to attract large-scale foreign investment in mining , agriculture , and forestry will help rebuild infrastructure and boost employment and tax receipts .
We will also provide enhanced support for the forthcoming elections , which are crucial to ensuring long-term peace and stability and making sure that the country will never again become a safe haven for terrorists .
We want to welcome this country , as well as Serbia and Montenegro , into our Partnership for Peace program as soon as they meet the relevant criteria , which include full cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia .
Today , NATO leaders will reaffirm their commitment to the courageous people of this country : we will help them for as long as it takes .
In Europe , many national defense budgets can no longer sustain both fully-fledged national forces and a national defense industry .
How does one decide what is a fair contribution from a country of 50 million people compared to a country with only four million ?
How can you evaluate a contribution of light infantry against the provision of critical enablers such as helicopters or air-to-air refueling tankers ?
Instead of assuming a new national paradigm based on the reality of their accomplishments -LRB- national unity , robust international trade , and growing global influence -RRB- , China 's leaders cling to the old paradigm of their country as victim , the `` sick man of Asia '' being `` cut up like a melon '' by predatory imperial and colonial powers like Japan .
Moreover , like China , Japan was a society steeped in Confucian culture , which many Chinese reformers in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries blamed as a critical impediment to their own country 's development and modernization .
The last thing the country needs is to remain trapped in the past .
Among other things , the Pentagon 's assessment is said to criticize China 's leaders for expanding their country 's military in the absence of any discernible external threat , and for various other `` known unkowns , '' such as opaqueness concerning the real size of China 's military budget .
The country derives almost 76 % of its energy needs from coal , burning almost 2.2 billion tons of it in 2005 , with consumption set to rise to 2.6 billion tons by 2010 .
Small wonder , then , that the water in 75 % of China 's rivers is undrinkable , that the country is home to seven of the world 's most polluted cities , and that one can often live in Beijing or Shanghai for weeks without ever seeing the sun .
There is a paradox here : while China 's central government is trying to provide national environmental leadership , local governments have often resisted .
While US Vice President Dick Cheney denigrates the idea of energy conservation , China 's leaders have adopted a new five-year plan that commits the country to cut energy use by one-fifth , industrial pollution by one-tenth , and industrial water consumption by one-third .
Nevertheless , because both Hu and Bush fear the economic effects of reducing their country 's carbon emissions , each has hidden behind the non-participation of the other to justify absence from international efforts and failure to assume a global leadership role .
Indeed , any national leadership that anticipates the new research , development , manufacturing , and trade possibilities that will grow out of this new imperative may find itself positioned for exactly the kind of sustained economic growth that every country seeks .
But it maintains a nineteenth-century notion of sovereignty -- namely , that a country 's national territory , its leaders have an absolute right to do whatever they want without outside `` interference . ''
Although hardly democrats , President Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao already are expending large of amounts of time and resources on divisive social problems in the countryside , where Mao 's revolution started , but where income growth has lagged .
For the last two decades , Chinese leaders have been diligently trying to build a new edifice in order to gain some of that missing respect .
For a country steeped in millennia of Confucianism , the need for ethical leadership should be clear .
I make these somewhat critical observations about China not with any sense of moral superiority or a wish to relieve myself of the responsibility to level the same critique at my own country 's recent failures .
Such forthrightness is not easy for any country .
Despite the dominance of the Iraq story , China is back in the headlines , with the country excoriated for its evasiveness about the SARS epidemic , and praised for its suddenly constructive role in helping to bring about negotiations between the US and North Korea , over North Korea 's nuclear insubordination .
Nowadays , the country 's communist leaders acted as if they believed that disclosing SARS would risk tarnishing China 's `` economic miracle '' and driving away foreign direct investment -- some $ 50 billion last year , or 80 % of all FDI made in Asia .
But China 's performance could become symbolic of a more significant long-term breakthrough -- the moment when the country put its fear of the outside world aside and began to emerge as a more pro-active agent of multilateral cooperation .
The People 's Republic of China is a country in precarious transition from one political \/ economic system to another .
The real test is a political system 's ability to survive the inevitable cyclical downturns , political shocks or social upheavals that almost inevitably challenge a country , particularly developing ones .
Economists and political observers who are skeptical about the durability of China 's `` economic miracle '' -- and there are many of them -- point to the country 's sclerotic political system , its precarious economic institutions , the hazardous balance of hundreds of millions of marginal Chinese , and the economy 's reliance on outside capital .
It became a matter of national pride for a country that had been guafen , `` cut up like a melon , '' by predatory colonial powers , to end national feelings of humiliation by restoring itself to wholeness .
China 's leaders ought to reflect on the fact that their country is no longer the `` sick man of Asia . ''
In short , it is time for China 's leaders to change the chemistry of their long feud with Taiwan .
With China 's economy booming , foreign investors flocking , and the country 's role in global markets ever more central , the disappearance of this elderly couple hardly caused a break in China 's hectic march .
His odyssey began on June 4 , 1989 , when he spent a horrific night trying to save hundreds of wounded and dying victims who flooded through his hospital 's eighteen operating rooms as the People 's Liberation Army opened fire on its way to Tiananmen Square .
However , as the SARS epidemic flared up in 2003 , Dr. Jiang realized in April that Health Ministry reports of only 19 confirmed cases of the disease in Beijing were bogus - he knew of almost ten times that amount .
Without deference to or fear of the Party , Dr. Jiang castigated China 's leaders for the way that they `` mobilized all sorts of propaganda to fabricate lies and used high-handed measures to silence the people across the country . ''
Finally , Dr. Jiang implored the Party to re-assess the 1989 student movement by `` reversing its verdict '' from `` counter-revolutionary rebellion '' or `` political storm '' to `` patriotic acts that had the support of the overwhelming majority of the people in Beijing and the country . ''
Although Chinese leaders speak of `` One country , two systems '' as their formula for governing Hong Kong - and possibly Taiwan some day - their slogan is far more relevant to China itself , given the co-existence of a capitalist economic system within a Leninist political system .
Ban Ki-moon 's Hushed Power NEW YORK -- Days after Sri Lanka 's government defeated its long-time foe , the Tamil Tigers , in May , United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon flew into the country 's capital , Colombo , for a 24-hour visit to urge its president to open up its refugee camps to international aid groups .
In Myanmar , despite bitter resistance from the military regime , Ban pressured the authorities to let in humanitarian aid after Cyclone Nargis devastated the country last year .
In Haiti , which still suffers from underdevelopment , political turmoil , and the effects of destructive hurricanes , Ban appointed former US President Bill Clinton as his Special Representative to help deal with the country 's plight .
At the same time , French and Dutch citizens ' voices can not be ignored -- all the more so because it is unimaginable that an identical text could be submitted to a second referendum in either country .
So we must try to reconcile the `` yes '' and `` no '' countries if we are to overcome the crisis into which Europe has been plunged .
By all means , let us try to preserve the solidarity of all 27 EU states .
When Dmitry Medvedev was elected as Russia 's president a little more than a year ago , he promised to do away with the `` legal nihilism '' in Russia .
It was his ambition to subject the country to truly far-reaching social and political reforms that sealed his downfall and also brought about this new trial , which appears intended to silence him for good .
Little speaks for the latter scenario , but Russia has always been a country where hope dies last .
A Czech Moment PRAGUE -- As I listened to what some Europeans were saying as my country prepared to take over the presidency of the European Union , I heard dim echoes of Neville Chamberlain 's infamous description of Czechoslovakia as `` a faraway country of which we know little . ''
The collapse of world oil and gas prices has wounded Russia 's budget , and lack of investment in the country 's energy sector over the years is now causing the declining production that economists have long predicted .
Most now are refugees in Jordan and Syria , and they are unlikely to be welcomed home anytime soon by the new Shiite elite running the country .
This was a major change from the 2003-2005 period , when Iraq 's Sunni neighbors , fearing the country 's new Shiite elite , actively opposed the US occupation .
The multiple insurgencies that developed in Iraq in 2003 and 2004 were supported at least in part by money , materiel , and fighters from abroad . Suicide bombers from all over the Arab world crossed into the country through the porous Syrian and Jordanian borders .
Frightened governments in the region realized that the type of violence occurring almost daily in Iraq was starting to spill across the country 's borders .
Both the transformation of Baghdad into a Shiite city and the recognition and support of Iraq 's neighbors for the country 's new political order have been instrumental in stabilizing the country . These changes are likely to be permanent , and offer hope that the wide-scale violence that afflicted the country between 2003 and 2007 will not return after US forces depart .
Because the brain of a person trying to tickle herself anticipates the sensations that will be caused by her fingers -- a process performed within the cerebellum -- the sensation no longer tickles .
Tickling yourself is as futile as trying to make yourself richer by writing yourself a check -- or selling yourself your house for twice its current market price .
The project was perceived -- rightly so -- as amounting to a surrender of sovereignty , because it introduced a rigid principle of non-discrimination between foreign and local companies that would eliminate the host country 's room for maneuver without offering anything in return .
As for the World Bank , it does not need to `` reposition '' itself so much as to root itself in emerging countries , as does the development aid industry in general .
This election is taking place because when the AKP party , the conservative party now in power , designated Foreign Minister Abdullah Gul as its candidate for president , the country 's secular elite cringed .
Turkey is a complicated country , with multiple dilemmas . Its women both heal and intensify its tensions .
Consider pharmaceuticals . For American drug companies , this agreement extends the time period during which brand-name pharmaceuticals have exclusive access to markets , postponing the entry of generic drugs and thus limiting competition .
Even regulators and industry experts are not aware of the true numbers of deaths and adverse events , due to the lack of proper reporting .
In Europe since May 2004 , all clinical trials in the 25 nations of the EU must conform to the European Directive -LRB- ED -RRB- issued in 2001 at the behest of pharmaceutical industry .
Each country 's regulatory body will have to issue their own regulations that are within the bound the Directive .
Opposition to serious reforms to protect human subjects in research comes from two groups : the pharmaceutical industry and universities .
The objections of industry rest on the narrow issue of added financial cost . The objections coming from universities are more puzzling , as it is in their long-term interest to conduct research ethically .
A country like Iraq , for example , is home to a diverse and varied population : Arab and Kurd , Sunni and Shi'ite , not to mention minorities of other religions and ethnic groups .
In my opinion , there are only five conceivable alternatives in a Muslim country .
Meanwhile , the Ministry of Education sought to expunge all references to China in school textbooks .
The unpopularity of Hong Kong 's incompetent and sycophantic Chief Executive , chosen by China for a second five-year term that will only end in 2007 , creates a grave dilemma for the country 's communist rulers .
Before July 's protests , they hoped that Hong Kong would provide so attractive an example of the idea of `` One Country , Two Systems '' that Taiwan would be lured into accepting the sovereignty of the government in Beijing .
That flaw infects the heart of the `` One Country , Two Systems '' notion : the idea that genuine autonomy can exist in a country whose supreme leaders do not believe in rule by consent .
Mao also ordered the country to destroy the `` Four Olds '' : old ideas , old culture , old customs , and old habits .
The country needs a new constitution -- one that enshrines genuine democracy .
He ordered the Education Ministry to revise school textbooks to promote the idea that the Taiwanese people were fundamentally different , practically a different race from the Chinese .
From 2001 when Thaksin first became prime minister , to 2007 under military rule , Thailand 's corruption ranking plunged from an already low 61 to 84 , which puts the country in the same league as Gabon and Swaziland , two countries notorious for violent and corrupt leaders who routinely trample on their citizens ' rights .
Much of Asia , including China , focused on meeting the challenge of globalization , whereas Thailand 's elite has protected the country 's economy to serve its parochial interests .
Indeed , South Korea has shown how a poor country without natural resources can become a world-class economy .
Without quality education , there can not be a quality work force , and without that , no country can hope to compete in a world where the march of globalization can not be stopped .
By contrast , Thailand 's government and local elite seem content to remain a provincial country shielded from global competition in science and technology .
He is one of the country 's rare politicians who understands economics , and how to put the government to good public use .
In his new life as a `` non-politician , '' Thaksin can tell many of his business and political friends to chart a new course for Thailand , one that would help the country become a near `` tiger . ''
Fortunately , Zimbabwe is not a country of real consequence for world stability .
But , just as those regions have been improving their public and corporate governance -- Hong Kong just witnessed a breakthrough court decision against a telecom tycoon who is the son of the province 's richest and most powerful man -- crony capitalism is taking root in the United States , a country that the world long considered the gold standard of a level playing field in business .
As many as three million people -- one-third of the country -- live under threat of starvation .
The Canadian naval mission ends in late October , and no country has stepped forward to replace it .
But once those warehouses are empty , the country and its people will be on their own .
The first step is for some country or countries to volunteer the naval force needed to preserve Somalia 's humanitarian lifeline .
Such a Pax Americana would cost the country less to sustain , but the world would worry if America adopts a wrong policy , as has been the case in Iraq .
The Long March in Nepal KATMANDU -- Confounding everyone except themselves , Nepal 's hard-line Maoists have taken a commanding role following the country 's landmark elections .
The high voter turnout , coupled with the relatively peaceful manner in which the election took place , is a testament to the Nepali people 's desire to cement the peace process and contribute in determining the political future of the country .
While experts are busy trying to explain the Maoists ' unprecedented triumph , much hope rests on the newly elected members of the 601-seat Constituent Assembly .
It would certainly behoove the Assembly to give serious and immediate consideration to the country 's deplorable socioeconomic conditions .
The success or failure of the Constituent Assembly will rest on whether the presumptive winner , the Communist Party of Nepal -LRB- Maoists -RRB- , will work collaboratively with the other parties rather than trying to push its own agenda exclusively .
Every Nepali has a role to play to ensure that the country 's dark political history does not repeat itself , and thus to help move the country in the right direction .
Moscow 's sleepy political summer has been stirred by a Kremlin attack , initiated by President Vladimir Putin 's closest aides , on Russia 's leading oligarch and the country 's richest man -- Michael Khodorkovsky , the principal shareholder of the oil company Yukos .
Elements within Russia 's political power structure have periodically waged war on the country 's business elite -- either to rein in the political ambitions of the oligarchs or to grab a bit of wealth for themselves -- ever since the Soviet collapse .
During Putin 's first term , the Kremlin `` power structures '' -LRB- now dominated by former KGB cronies of Putin from Saint Petersburg -RRB- failed to gain control over the country 's key financial and economic institutions .
One clue as to why they attacked Russia 's richest man is the fact that Khodorkovsky is the first oligarch to help the country 's liberal parties as opposed to the ruling party of power , to support independent mass media , and to provide money to lawyers and legal assistants .
Roman Abromovictch , for example , just acquired London 's Chelsea football club -- a witty way to join English society , no doubt , but an investment unlikely to offer the kind of financial returns he could make in Russia if his confidence in the country were undented .
Wen said that political reform , including opportunities for citizens to criticize and monitor the government , is necessary to sustain China 's breakneck economic growth . Otherwise , he argued , the country 's economic gains would be lost .
Most non-Chinese would be surprised to learn that the country already holds more elections than any other in the world .
Rapid change in China already has resulted in a battle of ideas , pitting the coasts and cities against the countryside and inland provinces , and the rich against the poor .
Someday , these two institutions will be brought together in one country .
But , to reach the advanced stages of economic growth , a country needs scientific research at home .
Japan is an example of a country where the science establishment has been insufficiently reformed .
Some will then try to sell their overpriced homes , and the resulting market imbalance will cause prices to fall .
After all , people who fear losing their jobs may seek greater economic security by investing in real property in their own wealthy country , bidding up prices in the process .
People used to feel insulated from economic problems that occurred beyond their country 's borders .
It helps explain the rise of protectionism , and the failure of the WTO trade talks in Cancun last September to improve emerging countries ' access to advanced-country markets .
Despite bravado about American superiority , the students themselves do not seem to feel superior , and wonder if they will be living emerging-country lives of their own in coming years .
The history of developed-country bond markets in the last half-century is relatively straightforward .
Japan is really the only example of advanced-country deflation in the post-1945 era .
But fear of deflation is so widespread nowadays that if inflation overshoots the target , central banks will merely try to stop further inflation , rather than try to bring the consumer price level back down which would mean deflation .
As the new risk-management industry develops , its components will gradually boost each other .
To deal with disasters more effectively , countries must find the will to create an environment in which a much more developed private insurance industry can flourish .
The ultimate reason for their lack of preparation is that our insurance industry was not covering their tsunami risks , and hence not offering up-to-date disaster-prevention guidance .
The insurance industry can , and should , respond to the tsunami disaster by accepting the moral imperative to take concerted action to expand risk coverage .
The whole direction of any country 's economy depends on longevity .
The idea that stocks will perform well in the future has many promoters today , especially among those trying to sell investments in stocks .
Bush has been traveling the country promoting a plan to introduce personal retirement accounts invested in stocks and bonds .
We are trying to extrapolate the past experience of a small fraction of the world population that we have chosen to examine because they made a lot of money .
The more factories and machines a country has , and the more it replaces older factories and machines with more up-to-date models , the more productive its labor force is .
In short , the more equipment and infrastructure a country is installing , the more its people have to work with .
Moreover , the more a country invests in equipment , the more it learns about the latest technology -- and it learns about it in a very effective , `` hands-on '' way .
If the government continues to pursue this policy , the salutary effects in terms of public trust in the country 's businesses and institutions will help ensure stable , sustainable economic growth for years to come .
Moreover , there are plenty of ways for the construction industry to offer untold millions more people the opportunity to call some beautiful place home , simply by building more high-density and high-rise vacation apartment buildings there .
Bernanke 's research also stressed that the sooner a country abandoned the gold standard , the better off it was .
Once a country eliminated convertibility into gold , it was free to pursue monetary expansion , and deflation tended to end .
Meanwhile , China , a country with more than ten times Mexico 's population , managed to grow spectacularly in this period .
Why , Mexicans ask , should their country 's growth have been so disappointing-and this just as they were establishing free-market institutions , privatizing assets , and developing a more robust democracy ?
So Mexico 's auto industry must make huge advances in productivity if it is to maintain the same wage level in the future .
Part of Mexico 's problem is due to suffering two major financial crises since 1982 : the Less-Developed-Country Debt crisis of the early 1980 's and the peso crisis of 1994-95 .
Little wonder , then , that Mexicans express fundamental uncertainty about where their country is heading .
Thrifty China , Spendthrift America The saving rate in China is the highest of any major country .
By contrast , the saving rate in the United States is the lowest of any major country -- roughly 10 % of GDP .
Likewise , 83.5 % of Chinese thought their country is run for all the people , rather than for a few big interest groups , whereas only 36.7 % of Americans thought the same of their country .
In the US , widely called `` the land of opportunity , '' the shame of being poor is unbearable , and there are no cultural resources to enable such people to maintain self-esteem , especially when the country is so successful overall .
People still remember the Cultural Revolution and view themselves as survivors of a shared traumatic experience , underpinning a commitment to collective sacrifice in order to rebuild the country .
In China , despite some signs of weakness -- the Shanghai market is down , for example -- price growth is still robust in much of the country .
I was at a dinner the other night with Yale World Fellows , a carefully selected group of professionals , representing every major country of the world , who spend a semester here .
In interviews , he reveals that he was actually motivated by a deep sympathy for the plight of the poor in his country .
They do business in whatever country is most advantageous .
Stock Markets ' Fear of Falling NEW HAVEN &#45; &#45; The sharp drop in the world 's stock markets on August 9 , after BNP Paribas announced that it would freeze three of its funds , is just one more example of the markets ' recent downward instability or asymmetry .
With the conspicuous exception of China and the less conspicuous exception of Australia , all have had low standard deviations of daily returns for the 100-business-day period ending August 3 when compared with the norm for the country .
One would think that market prices should be volatile as investors try to absorb what this earnings volatility means .
This rate is well above , for example , the wage of unskilled labor in the iron and steel industry .
With such a hurdle to hiring workers , no wonder industry is reluctant to locate in the East and the region is supported by subsidies equal to 45 % of its gross product .
The specter of collapsing financial institutions around the world , and desperate government bailouts to try to save them , has created a general sense of alarm .
Similarly , Mexico 's stock market performed about as badly as it did during the worst week of the Mexican financial crisis in 1995 , and Argentina 's stock market roughly matched the worst weekly drop during the country 's financial crisis of 1997-2002 .
When credit expands , he wrote , `` The certain result is a bound of national prosperity ; the country leaps forward as if by magic .
It had become an article of faith that the value of both types of assets only goes up in the long run , and that it is foolish to try to `` time the market . ''
Every major country of the world has abundant land in the form of farms and forests , much of which can be converted someday into urban land .
Farmers will not be able to make a profit operating in some country where land is very expensive , and farmers would give up in those countries unless the price of land fell roughly to world levels , though corrections would have to be made for differing labor costs and other factors .
They think that arguments implying that home prices are higher in one country than another are also arguments that the rate of increase in those prices should be higher there .
Higher home prices in a given country may tend to create conditions for falling home prices there in the future .
Mathematical economist Donald J. Brown and psychologist Laurie R. Santos , both of Yale , are running experiments with human subjects to try to understand how human tolerance for ambiguity in economic decision-making varies over time .
A basic fact is often forgotten : the modern construction industry is quite capable of building vast numbers of fine modern homes , including units in high-rise buildings , at costs far below the prices of homes in many urban areas today .
Governments all over the world try to encourage economic growth .
The scandal erupted with the publication in 1906 of Upton Sinclair 's novel The Jungle , a bestseller that detailed the experiences of a Lithuanian immigrant family working in America 's meatpacking industry .
The public response to the book 's description of unsanitary conditions in the industry was so strong that the United States Congress enacted the Pure Food and Drug Act -- the first law to require labeling of contents on food packages -- the very same year .
By 1910 , according to The Manchester Guardian , `` The Jungle Scare '' had spread to the United Kingdom , where it had been taken up by `` less scrupulous -LRB- sic -RRB- newspapers of this country , '' with `` slanderous '' and `` sensational '' claims about the food industry .
The structure of the label should be developed by a committee of academics , regulators , and industry executives with the objective of promoting informed comparison among consumers of investment products .
Including such statements in the disclosure is analogous to the requirement that food labels contain a full list of nutritional factors per serving , rather than merely a featured list that the producer might try to add in order to promote the product .
Most economists study the recent history of their own country , which is easiest to do , and their results sound superficially important to most of their countrymen .
But major financial crises are rare by the standards of any one country , and we have to range widely through history to get enough information about how such crises play out .
There is also the world financial crisis that attended the oil shocks of 1973 and 1979 , and there are the country-specific financial crises in Spain in 1977 , Chile in 1981 , Norway in 1987 , Finland and Sweden in 1991 , Mexico in 1994 , Indonesia , Korea , Malaysia , the Philippines , and Thailand in 1997 , Colombia in 1998 , and Argentina and Turkey in 2001 .
But , while the history of stock-market prediction is littered with too much failure to try to decide whether the bounceback will continue much longer , it does n't look like a bubble , but more like the end of a depression scare .
And , for daring investors , it is not enough to find a bubble to pile into . They must also try to determine when to cash out and put their money elsewhere .
Given wide publicity about international charitable relief efforts and voluntary contributions to Japan , one might think that the country 's economic loss was shared internationally .
Though no country has ever practiced risk management on such a massive scale , it is important to consider such an innovation now .
Could it be that people think that a country becomes insolvent when its debt exceeds 100 % of GDP ?
`` Looking ahead , which would you say is more likely -- that in the country as a whole we 'll have continuous good times during the next five years or so , or that we will have periods of widespread unemployment or depression , or what ? ''
This is why almost every advanced country has mandatory social security and health insurance programs .
Whereas agreements require hard work on both sides , the Americans are having a difficult time negotiating their country 's domestic political obstacles in time to engage effectively with China .
China 's diplomatic self-confidence has been buoyed by its being the first country to recover from the global economic crisis -- thanks to a massive and early infusion of government and bank investment that stimulated demand .
Based on their own experience over the past 30 years , the Chinese know how economic reform and liberalization can change a country 's perception of its self-interests and stance toward the world .
The collapse of the country for which she lived underscores her overwhelming sense of tragedy .
It is understandable that the collapse of the country , and of the spirit that nurtured Russian intellectuals -- regardless of their political beliefs -- for generations , is unbearable for Tereshkova and people like her .
No power , not even the United Nations , should be allowed to change them without the consent of the country concerned .
Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said his country is ready to look into the possibility of creating a new financial mechanism , with substantial funds for the relatively long - term , to help developing countries halt global warming .
The new government of President Mwai Kibaki in Kenya announced his country would eliminate school fees , and within days an additional 1.2 million kids showed up for class .
Let them assume the leadership that we all see is possible , inspired anew by the opening words of Maria Stewart 's historic speech : `` Oh , do not say you can not make anything of your children ; but say , with the help and assistance of God , we will try . ''
WARSAW -- As a long-time observer of American politics , I know that United States senators will decide whether to ratify New START , the arms control treaty with Russia negotiated this year , on the basis of a thorough evaluation of their country 's national interests .
The US remains the world 's most powerful state , however , and the senators ' decision will inevitably have an impact beyond their country 's borders .
So it is important to make clear : my government supports the ratification of New START , because we believe it will bolster our country 's security , and that of Europe as a whole .
The country 's first democratic prime minister , along with two former presidents , including Lech Wa??sa , the legendary leader of Solidarity , published a joint article last year in support of Obama 's bold disarmament agenda .
What I saw reminded me of my country 20 years ago , just after Poland 's first free elections , which , together with the fall of the Berlin Wall barely six months later , came to symbolize the Cold War 's end .
The fall of the Shah in Iran had ruinous consequences for that country .
Each country is looking to change and move forward .
They were united in recognizing that their country deserved a new start .
EU member states share highly sensitive intelligence and police information as never before , thereby increasing public security while upholding world-class legal and democratic standards . These operational measures have been complemented by carefully calibrated policies that aim to acknowledge social diversity but reduce the political space available for intolerance and bigotry .
Today , the euro -- a currency without a country -- lacks a long track record of credibility .
Even Adam Smith , who told us that it is not from the butcher 's benevolence that we get our dinner , but from his regard for his self-interest , described the imagined pleasures of wealth as `` a deception '' -LRB- though one that `` rouses and keeps in continual motion the industry of mankind '' -RRB- .
Americans tend to talk a lot about morality and justice . But most Americans still fail to realize that their country 's refusal to sign the Kyoto protocol , and their subsequent business -- as-usual approach to greenhouse gas emissions , is a moral failing of the most serious kind .
If this is true in a country like the US , with a reasonably efficient infrastructure and the resources to help its citizens in times of crisis , it is even more evident when disasters strike developing countries , because their governments lack the resources needed , and because , when it comes to foreign assistance , rich nations still do not count all human lives equally .
They buy expensive toys to maximize their child 's learning potential and spend much more on private schools or after school tutoring in the hope that he or she will excel on the tests that determine entry to elite universities .
Largely due to Malawi 's HIV\/AIDS epidemic , the country has a million such orphans .
In adopting a child from a poor country , Madonna is following an example set by other celebrities like Mia Farrow , Ewan McGregor , and Angelina Jolie .
Educating young Malawians , especially girls , and making contraceptives widely available , would do much more to slow population growth than a few inter-country adoptions .
The Dutch know how voluntary euthanasia is practiced in their country , they know that legal euthanasia has improved , rather than harmed , their medical care , and they want the possibility of assistance in dying , if they should want and need it .
The disease causes a temporary loss of production , and once foot and mouth disease is established in a country , other countries will prohibit the importation of its meat and dairy products because they do n't want the disease to spread it to their animals .
If you can read , and did n't deliberately turn away from anything that might disturb your comfort , you should also know that the entire animal industry is unnecessary , that we would be healthier , and do less damage to our environment , without it ?
Others promote the area 's economy , by encouraging industry to move to the area , thus increasing jobs and the local tax base .
Savulescu proposes that instead of trying to detect whether an athlete has taken drugs , we should focus on measurable indications of whether an athlete is risking his or her health .
In trying to account for the way British newspapers sneered at her good intentions , he said : `` My own and only explanation is that genuine goodness is threatening to those at the opposite end of the moral spectrum . ''
If you can convince yourself that everyone behaves selfishly , then why try to be a better person ?
In China , according to a recent article by Teh-wei Hu and colleagues in Social Psychiatry and Psychiatric Epidemiology , depression costs 51 billion renminbi , or more than $ 6 billion , per year at 2002 prices .
There is nothing racist about trying to learn what the facts are .
Yet if many people follow this line of reasoning , and do not vote , a minority of the population can determine a country 's future , leaving a discontented majority .
On average , 90 % of those asked said that equal treatment for people of different races or ethnic origins is important , and in no country were more than 13 % of respondents prepared to say that equal treatment is not important .
Today , despite what happened in Rwanda and the former Yugoslavia -- and appeared to be on the verge of happening after the recent disputed election in Kenya -- no country openly accepts racist doctrines .
Finally , D'Souza fell back , as many Christians do when pressed , on the claim that we should not expect to understand God 's reasons for creating the world as it is . It is as if an ant should try to understand our decisions , so puny is our intelligence in comparison with the infinite wisdom of God .
In an essay he wrote for In Defense of Animals , a book I edited that appeared in 2006 , he wrote , `` No realistic level of guerilla attacks of the kind carried out by the Animal Liberation Front could have hurt the battery farming industry as much as the new Austrian law does . ''
As Balluch writes : `` A law banning a whole industry does far more economic damage to the animal abuse industry than anything else the animal movement could do . ''
The police persecution of the animal movement appears to be an attempt by the conservative party , which controls the Ministry of the Interior , and its animal industry supporters to strike back at a legitimate , peaceful challenge to the way we treat animals .
Frum thought this a bit pedantic , but concluded that it was emblematic of the President 's character and that `` the country could trust the Bush administration not to cheat and not to lie . ''
But he fails to see anything gravely wrong about misleading his country and the world concerning Iraq 's weapons of mass destruction .
Imagine that the British had said that Saddam Hussein was a peace-loving man about to bring democracy to his country .
Quite apart from these weak attempts to justify Bush 's statement as `` technically accurate , '' the more serious charge is that even if what Bush said really were technically accurate , it still would have been designed to mislead the world into thinking that Iraq had been trying to buy uranium in Africa .
But his lies did not lead his country into a war that has cost thousands of lives .
That means , in many cases , less luxury spending -- something that is hard to reconcile with the image of France as the country of fashion , perfume , and champagne .
The National Chicken Council , the trade association for the US chicken industry , recommends a stocking density of 85 square inches per bird -- less than a standard sheet of typing paper .
In the egg industry , hens can barely move at all , because they are crammed into wire cages , which makes it possible to stack them in tiers , one above the other .
On the contrary , it is only when these viruses enter a high-density poultry operation that they mutate into something far more virulent .
What is now clear , however , is that such government spending is really a kind of subsidy to the poultry industry .
So we use the occasion of the New Year to try to change behavior that may be the most difficult to change .
Last year , Bolivia became the first country to ban all animals , wild or domestic , from circuses .
Attempts to defend amusement parks and circuses on the grounds that they `` educate '' people about animals should not be taken seriously . Such enterprises are part of the commercial entertainment industry .
Giovanni Bisignani , the head of the International Air Transport Association , an industry group , criticized the shutdown , saying that no risk assessment had been undertaken .
The International Civil Aviation Authority has announced that it will convene a group of experts to help it provide guidance for the industry to decide what level of ash in the atmosphere makes it unsafe to fly .
This , one hopes , will change the attitude of corporations that enrich themselves by paying dictators for the right to extract valuable resources that belong to the whole country .
When diamonds ' role in fueling violent conflict in Africa gained worldwide attention , the diamond industry established the Kimberley Process in order to keep `` blood diamonds '' out of international trade .
Zimbabwe 's military and political elite has appropriated the diamond field 's immense wealth for itself , with no benefits for the millions of desperately poor Zimbabweans who need the kind of services that the country has the resources to provide .
This is not , of course , the first time that the discovery of resources in an undeveloped country has led to riches for a few rather than greater prosperity for all .
If we use goods made from raw materials that are obtained from a poor country without the proceeds being used to benefit the people of that country , we become complicit in a particularly iniquitous form of grand larceny .
The Rapaport Group , an international network of companies providing services to the diamond industry , refuses to list Marange diamonds on its diamond-trading platform , RapNet .
Martin Rapaport , chairman of the group , has called for free access to the diamond fields by non-governmental organizations and industry representatives to monitor the human rights situation .
And , if the diamond industry can put itself on an ethical footing , it might send a message to other industries that deal in resources that are effectively being stolen from some of the world 's poorest people .
This approach appears paternalistic , and perhaps it is , but it could also be defended in terms of preventing people from making their children destitute , and becoming -- in a country like Norway , which provides for its poor -- a burden on the state .
The resolution can thus be seen as another incremental step towards the establishment of a global system of justice able to punish those who commit gross violations of human rights , regardless of their political or legal status in their own country .
But Libya is not Iraq or Afghanistan -- its population is only about one-fifth of either country 's , and there is a strong popular movement for a democratic form of government .
Tucker says that he has stood on the beach in Padang , looking out at the ocean and trying to imagine what it would be like to see a five-meter-high wall of water stretching across the horizon , bearing down on the city .
People are willing to donate hundreds of millions of dollars to help people after a disaster -- even after a disaster in a wealthy country like Japan -- but are unwilling to invest anything like the same amount to save lives before a predictable disaster strikes .
It has already outlawed keeping veal calves in individual stalls , and , in six months , it will be illegal in all 27 EU countries , from Portugal to Poland and from Britain to Greece , to keep laying hens in the bare-wire cages that today dominate the egg industry around the world .
China 's centralized government can , if it so chooses , ensure that animal-welfare laws apply throughout the country .
In Indonesia , for example , Animals Australia recorded undercover videos showing such brutal treatment of Australian-raised cattle that Australia 's government suspended cattle exports to the country .
Problems arise when we try to agree on a definition of happiness , and to measure it .
So , to measure happiness defined in that way , one would have to sample moments of people 's existence randomly , and try to find out whether they are experiencing positive or negative mental states .
Bhutanese may bring into the country small quantities of cigarettes or tobacco from India for their own consumption , but not for resale -- and they must carry the import-tax receipt with them any time they smoke in public .
Consultation on such matters with a country that was neither enemy nor ally was unique for America .
India 's information technology -LRB- IT -RRB- industry has ballooned from a mere US$ 150 million ten years ago to $ 5.7 billion in 1999-2000 .
Indeed , if Muhammad Ali Jinnah , Pakistan 's founding father , had been right that Muslims are a separate nation , Bangladesh would not have broken away from it , and the country 's relations with its neighbor Afghanistan would be free of intrigue and violence .
What , by contrast , might a Pakistani liberal stand for ? Indeed , who in Pakistan is calling for a liberal , democratic country ?
The Chinese urge is to break from the confines of their country 's history , and thus China 's own geography .
NEW DELHI -- Barack Obama , the sixth American president to visit India since it gained independence , arrives at a trying time , both for the United States and for India .
And Obama will be keen to know what help India can provide with Iran , a country with which India has smooth relations , owing to their shared worries over Afghanistan and Pakistan .
This is also true of an India that is only now coming to recognize its new status in the world , in which the country 's limits and responsibilities have expanded mightily .
India must make clear -- and the US must recognize -- that a sub-continental country of a billion-plus people can not be kept within the categorical confines of `` South Asia . ''
That snappy description of my country is also a very good way to describe the current -- and seemingly unending -- contretemps between the leaders of Iran and the US .
Mossadegh 's sin was his plan to nationalize Iran 's oil industry .
The country 's Shia footprint stretches from the Mediterranean to the Hindu Kush .
With such a country , `` non-engagement '' means having no policy at all .
One way to curtail this problem is to delay full integration of immigrants into the welfare system of a host country for a few years-a reform advocated by the Scientific Advisory Committee to Germany 's Federal Finance Ministry .
Immigrants could come and work , pay taxes and social contributions , and gain free access to the public goods of the host country .
Temporary exceptions could include supplemental social assistance , housing benefits or the `` export '' of family benefits to children living in the home country .
The exceptions would have to be tailored by each country so that the net cost of all transfers of public resources to and from immigrants is zero .
The Ifo business climate indicator is generated every month by asking 7,000 firms , primarily from German manufacturing industry , about their current business situation and their expectations for the next six months .
Unfortunately , this view is too good to be true , because one country 's emissions are not independent from those of another .
Germany 's Labor Pains Germany is a country with very few strikes .
So Germans are all the more disturbed that the train drivers ' union , the GDL , has voted for a nation-wide strike that will paralyze the country .
The threatened strike is also significant because it marks a departure from the German system of industry-wide unions , which negotiate for all employees within an industry regardless of their occupation .
The alternative is unions for individual trades within an industry , which usually are aggressive negotiators and tend to demand far more than is economically feasible .
Not until Margaret Thatcher broke their power was the country able to breathe freely and renew itself .
As a comprehensive monopoly , an industry-wide union achieves higher wages than would be possible under conditions of competition , i. e. without any unions , and consequently increases unemployment .
But unions based on trades , which operate largely independently of one another , achieve even higher wages and create even more unemployment -- so much so that employees as a whole are much worse off than they would be if an industry-wide union represented them .
Then he was in Brazil , where he was impressed by the country 's use of bio-fuel to power a quarter of its automotive traffic .
In capital markets , the information asymmetry between buyers and sellers of securities is even more extreme , making it hugely tempting for banks to issue securities that increase their expected profits by reducing the repayment probability below what buyers expect .
When German officials pushed in the 1990 's for the Stability and Growth Pact as a prerequisite for giving up the Deutschmark , they did not anticipate that Germany would be the first country to violate the pact .
Greece cheated by manipulating its statistics : while the reported deficits were below the limit , the country had to admit that the true deficit from 2000 to 2004 was 4.3 % on average and never below 3.7 % .
The list of exemptions includes a country 's net payments to the EU , education expenses , public investment in general , or exceptional expenses .
A country like Germany , which has a real growth trend of only 1 % per year and may continue to have only 1 % inflation in the medium term , is heading towards a debt\/GDP ratio of 150 % .
As migrants move between markets with well-defined property rights , immigration in principle is beneficial for both the immigrants and the target country .
The immigrant receives a higher wage than at home , and the target country benefits from cheap labor , which creates more value than it costs .
But in practice , immigration is often not as beneficial as it could be , because the target country has a rigid wage structure that prevents the additional jobs needed to employ the immigrants from being created .
If , for example , a target country provides minimum wage guarantees and replacement incomes for the domestic unemployed , immigrants simply force domestic residents into the care of the welfare state .
To be on the safe side , host countries often try to limit immigration to skilled workers , because they join segments of the labor market in which sufficient downward wage flexibility provides immigrants with additional jobs .
In most research disciplines , European-born `` superstars '' work and teach in the US rather than in Europe , and , according to a study by Gilles Saint-Paul , it is the superstars in particular who generate growth and prosperity for a country .
Of course , people with a decent tertiary education are also important for a country 's economy , and here the loss of some European countries is substantial .
The German construction industry and retailing are still stable , as the latest survey of the Ifo Institute shows , and the whole world is profiting from this stability , as Germany is the second largest importer of goods and services after the US .
It can cut taxes to stimulate consumption and it can invest in construction , but these sectors currently need little help , except perhaps for the automobile industry .
So , whenever it came to restructuring the EU , they always accepted a level of influence that was small relative to their country 's size .
After all , aside from political under-representation , Germany 's annual contribution to the EU budget -LRB- most recently ¤ 7.4 billion -RRB- makes the country by far the largest net contributor .
At the moment , no country is truly suffering deflation , but that may change as the crisis deepens .
In each country , a number of prices are rigid , because sellers resist selling cheaper , as low productivity gains and wage defense by unions leave no margin for lower prices .
Ever since Japan 's banking crisis began in 1990 , the country has been in a liquidity trap , with central bank rates close to zero , and from 1998 to 2005 the price level declined by more than 4 % .
This is the strongest decline in net foreign demand facing a single country , or , equivalently , the strongest increase in a country 's net demand for foreign goods .
It may be difficult for China to ever match the success of a small Asian country like Singapore , which has already overtaken the US in terms of GDP per capita as measured by purchasing power parity .
And the worldwide Gini coefficient of inter-country inequality fell from 0.653 to 0.556 from 1980 to 2007 , owing largely to the astounding performance of the emerging countries , particularly China and India .
Investors have reacted by trying to get out of the euro and , in particular , steer clear of Greek government debt .
Today , no official figure on the budget deficit in 1999 , the year on which the EU based its decision about Greece 's entry , is available .
But this is not true . Budget discipline will work only insofar as it drives the country into a depression and induces a real devaluation through a reduction in wages and prices , which is option two .
The country would then have been unable to price itself out of the market through an artificial debt-financed boom .
Should a country default despite these loans , it would have to leave the euro and devalue .
Automatic fines would punish any country whose debt-to-GDP ratio exceeds the Maastricht Treaty 's 60 % cap or whose budget deficit exceeds the 3 % - of-GDP limit .
The Stability and Growth Pact , aimed at punishing countries that breach the 3 % - of-GDP deficit limit , was a joke : not a single wayward country was ever punished .
All this has negative implications for US consumption , for the building industry , and for the banking system .
EU countries agreed to limit their fiscal deficits to 3 % of GDP to ensure debt discipline under the euro , so that no country could use the new currency to take its neighbors hostage and force them into bailout operations .
Yet not a single country was ever penalized .
When politicians try to fight the iron laws of economics , they lose .
Normally , a country 's current-account deficit -LRB- trade deficit minus transfers from other countries -RRB- is financed with foreign private capital .
The amount of the ECB 's `` replacement lending '' is shown by the so-called Target2 account , which measures the deficit or surplus of a country 's financial transactions with other countries .
As the account includes international payments for both trade in goods and financial claims , a deficit in a country 's Target account indicates foreign borrowing via the ECB , whereas a surplus denotes foreign lending via the ECB .
In the end , either the euro will collapse , or a transfer union will be established in Europe , in which the current-account deficits will be financed with inter-country donations .
Ireland is the only country that has lowered its prices and wages , and its current-account deficit is about to swing into surplus .
What Europe is trying to do in Portugal and Greece is reminiscent of central banks ' futile efforts in past decades to keep exchange rates away from the market equilibrium price level .
Europe , too , will get a bloody nose if it keeps trying to artificially prop up asset prices in the periphery .
Although the country profited greatly from its reintegration into the world trading system after World War II , Germany never really came to terms with Anglo-Saxon capitalism and skepticism about it still runs deep .
The country with the highest labor costs in the world was confronted with low-wage competitors next door .
This credit replaces the private capital imports that had hitherto financed the country 's net purchases of foreign goods , but which dried up because of the crisis , and it finances a capital flight , i.e. the purchase of foreign assets .
No other country can offer its international clients such a broad variety of industrial products .
When a country specializes in a certain area , capital and labor move into that area at a rate faster than they move into other areas -- indeed , the growth of export-related sectors may come at the cost of a decline in other areas .
In fact , since the fall of communism , the percentage decline in German industrial employment has been larger than in any other OECD country .
If he becomes indigent after receiving a residence permit , he can not automatically be returned to his home country , as was possible before .
The host country can not deny this right even if an immigrant has no health insurance and no resources to live on .
The immigrant will be fully eligible for all benefits the host country offers its domestic residents .
If the home country were to remain responsible for welfare services to non-working immigrants , the erosion of West European welfare states that the theory of systems competition predicts could be halted .
My own country , Liberia , embodies Africa 's emerging hope and the progress that can be made through a commitment to good governance and strong international support .
As has been the case in some other countries , a return to conflict remains a threat if a clear peace dividend does not quickly materialize throughout the country .
Soon after the Bali bomb conspiracy was uncovered , earlier explosions that rocked various parts of the country were reexamined .
Foreign investment is already at its nadir , due to the lingering political crisis following the fall of the Suharto dictatorship , and to doubts about the soundness of the country 's institutional and legal capacity .
No amount of American intervention will turn the tide against bigotry and ignorance .
The country 's rich vein of Islamic scholarship has embraced new ideas and sought to interpret the Koran in a manner that reveals its compatibility with democracy , human rights , gender equality and social justice .
Should a country with weaknesses in its financial system simply avoid letting capital in ?
The evidence suggests that other factors such as the quality of economic and political institutions are at least as important in determining how much capital a country will attract .
But even if capital controls could still fully insulate a country from the forces of financial globalization , such a goal would not be desirable .
In a country like Russia , half of whose budget revenues are derived from taxes on oil , setting up an oil fund is the equivalent of a commitment to balance the budget over the cycle .
This is true , but the same result can be achieved by paying off foreign debt , which is a better policy , especially at the outset , when the fund is trying to build up credibility .
He accused the British of being `` defeatist '' and argued that Afghanistan 's deteriorating security situation could be addressed with an Iraq-style `` surge , '' which has undoubtedly brought down violence levels in that country .
But the Americans want a `` surge , '' and the US general commanding NATO forces in the country said last month that he needed three more brigades , some 15,000 troops in all , and Gates has asked the Europeans either to send or pay for them .
Having condemned the `` evil empire '' of communism , he helped bring the Cold War to an end . Only recently , George W Bush evicted North Korea from his `` axis of evil '' by removing that country from America 's list of countries that sponsor terrorism .
Those who have better information try to deceive those who have worse ; but they are deceiving themselves that they know more than they do .
Shaky Social Contracts LONDON -- `` Enrich yourselves , '' China 's Deng Xiaoping told his fellow countrymen when he started dismantling Mao Zedong 's failed socialist model .
In fact , elites everywhere have always lived by this injunction , and ordinary people have not minded very much , provided that the elites fulfill their part of the bargain : protect the country against its enemies and improve living conditions .
Similarly , few regimes seemed more stable than that of the Shah of Iran , another long-term ruler , who , having bankrupted his country , was forced to flee the fury of a mob in 1979 .
Moreover , once a country is mired in one of them , it is easy to fall into the next .
So what hope is there for a poor country torn by civil war ?
What happens when the pull of a country 's imperial history meets the constraints of its current international position ?
Will it try to weaken the constraints ?
And , like de Gaulle , Putin has sought to rescue his country from humiliation and defeat by carving out a role consonant with popular feelings of national mission and pride , with national interest interpreted as `` sovereignty . ''
Government can either spend more money itself , or try to stimulate private spending by cutting taxes or lowering interest rates .
Payments were then started , but kept below the professional level , on the ground that members of parliament ought to be willing to make some personal sacrifice in the service of their country .
During the low-inflation era , which dates from the early 1990 's , developed-country annual inflation rates averaged 2.4 % .
The first thing to notice is that , as a result of the slump , capacity utilization is lower than it was 15 months ago : global output has declined by roughly 5 % since 2008 , and developed-country output by 4.1 % .
`` Double-entry bookkeeping '' is one of the great discoveries of European civilization , but five centuries later most people are still muddled about assets and liabilities .
`` Risks to global financial stability have eased as the economic recovery has gained steam , but concerns about advanced country sovereign risks could undermine gains and prolong the collapse of credit .
That is what is happening in today 's effort , in country after country , to slash spending and bring down budget deficits .
No country , or civilization , can entirely transcend its history : but each history offers many different possibilities .
Rich-country investors earned a higher rate of return than they would at home , and poor-country recipients raised the development finance they needed .
As Asian countries try to keep capital out , the West moves towards protectionism .
But this is like trying to get fat by buying a larger belt .
They try to report the world as it is , but theirs is not the world of most people -- their business depends on the disruption of `` ordinary '' business , so they systematically underestimate people 's desire for law and order -LRB- or at least order -RRB- .
Fortunately , my bearish view comes to fruition in May , when the full extent of the country 's fiscal problems becomes clear .
This makes it attractive to employers , but it is low-productivity work , and it increases the difficulty of finding steady employment for the majority of a country 's workforce .
The censorship of memory , which we once fondly imagined to be the mark of dictatorship , is now a major growth industry in the `` free '' West .
Again , it was a point of honor for governments to pay back such debts as they were incurred , whatever the sacrifice to the country .
This would immediately relieve pressure on Greece 's budget and give its government the time and incentive to put the country 's economy in order .
The common ground of reform is the need to re-regulate the financial services industry .
After prolonged lobbying by the financial-services industry , US President Bill Clinton repealed Glass-Steagall in 1999 .
Goodhart concedes that banks ' `` risk weightings '' in the pre-recession period were subject to political pressure and `` financial-industry capture and manipulation . ''
Industry will be left free , but finance will be brought under control .
Young Poles took to the streets of Warsaw not to chant `` Ho , Ho , Ho Chi Minh '' in solidarity with the Viet Cong , but rather to defend their own country 's freedom and culture against a smothering Communist rule .
In response , a wave of protests spread to universities around the country , often supported by young workers .
The party resorted to anti-Semitic propaganda , pointing to the Jewish ancestry of some of the student leaders .
The campaign of hatred that followed underscored the country 's utter lack of free speech .
The result was the detention of most of the senior judiciary , as well as bar association presidents across the country and all leading lawyers and human rights activists seeking to defend judicial independence .
In short , having brought rights home , the Blair government ended up trying to hide them under the sofa .
In its dispute with Belarus in January 2007 , Russia leveled a similar accusation of theft from the oil pipeline that crosses the country .
As a gesture intending to boost Kerry 's chances , German Defense Minister Peter Struck suggested that his country might reconsider its position on troops in Iraq .
Protests against the US-led coalition 's bombing campaign had roiled Indonesia for weeks , increasing the country 's already perilous instability .
MADRID -- On October 2nd in Istanbul , Syria 's disparate opposition movements gave the go-ahead for the formation of a `` Syrian National Council . '' This is the most important step yet taken by the fragmented forces that have been trying since May to lead a peaceful uprising against President Bashar al-Assad 's regime .
It stressed the sovereignty , independence , and territorial integrity of Syria , and emphasized the need to resolve the current crisis peacefully , by means of an inclusive political process -- and called for a national dialogue led from within the country .
A radioactive leak , the rupture of an undersea oil well and , above all , CO2 emissions do not threaten just one country .
The main challenge now is to continue using the `` geometry of 20 '' to build instruments of world governance .
The British may now consider the EDA a defense expenditure , but , when better defined , it could represent a source of savings for every EU country .
The US has been behind the curve from the moment the turmoil sparked , trying to play catch up as two authoritarian governments were toppled by popular protest and more regimes try to cling to power as long as they can .
With Recep Tayyip Erdo?an now elected to another term as Turkey 's prime minister , and with Poland , a country well acquainted with the importance of Europe 's strategic position in the world , assuming the EU presidency at the end of the month , now is a time for the Union and Turkey to `` reset '' their negotiations over Turkish membership .
Equally important , the perception of organized labor and industry concerning environmental issues is changing dramatically .
· A Washington-based consulting firm estimates that the U.S. environmental industry generated more than $ 340 billion in sales and almost $ 50 billion in tax revenues in 2005 .
The 5.3 million workers in the environmental industry outnumber pharmaceutical workers ten to one .
· A study prepared for the German Ministry of Environment estimates that employment in the German environmental technology industries will surpass employment in the automobile industry by 2020 .
But that reconciliation did not last long : Google , after all , had accepted censorship from the beginning of its efforts in China , in 2006 , in order to gain entry into the Chinese market .
The tools that they provide are politically neutral . Dissidents try to use them to pursue a democratic agenda .
These tools can be used by Iranians fighting dictatorship , or by Tibetan dissidents trying to save their culture .
A leading public intellectual Naoki Inose , who is also Tokyo 's vice governor , has declared that `` the era of growth is over . '' When Japan was threatened by Western imperialism , he says , the country had to open up -LRB- in 1868 -RRB- and modernize .
This model came to dominate every West European country , with local traditions and local politics dictating the diversity of its application .
The French government , in this same spirit , has gone after public-sector workers ' extravagant pension benefits , as well as the legal retirement age , trying to increase it from 62 to 65 .
Many grandiose Gaullist economic projects -- from the Concorde supersonic airplane to a national computer industry -- failed .
Even Sweden 's out-of-power Socialists , the country 's dominant party for a century , have failed to capitalize on the crisis .
To build Socialism in one country is impossible nowadays because all of Europe 's economies are now interdependent .
The last leader to try go-it-alone socialism , French President François Mitterrand in 1981 , surrendered to the European institutions in 1983 .
In medieval Spain , Quixote-like knights probably did roam the countryside , ridding it not of dragons but of the land 's few remaining Muslims .
Castro , no humanist himself , did his best to neutralize Guevara by appointing him Minister for Industry .
But this will clearly not be able to prevent a big further deterioration in the country 's debt\/GDP ratio , especially as high interest rates push Brazil into recession .
Every developed country learned this lesson domestically decades ago , but the world has yet to learn it internationally .
As things now stand , he would be justified in demanding greater international support rather than allow his country to bleed to death as Argentina is now doing .
Instability arises because financial markets try to discount a future that depends on their own behavior .
Last year , Global Witness , together with more than 60 groups from around the world , launched `` Publish What You Pay , '' a campaign to force resource companies to disclose their payments to developing country governments .
In the meantime , as the debate continues , my contributions help to ensure that the money spent by those trying to reelect President Bush does n't overwhelm the process .
If America had really cared for the Iraqi people , more troops would have been sent to provide protection not only for the Ministry of Oil , but for museums and hospitals , too .
By declaring war on terror , Bush united the country behind him .
Today , no single country or combination of countries can stand up to American military might .
If Americans fail to recognize that they may be wrong , they risk undermining the country 's dominant position .
We should have provided protection not only for the oil ministry , but also other ministries , museums , and hospitals .
Much of the western part of the country has been ceded to insurgents , the prospect of holding free and fair elections in January is fast receding , civil war looms .
This impugned America 's motives and deprived the US of whatever moral authority the country once had to intervene in other countries ' domestic affairs .
The country 's parliament is packed with warlords , the drug trade is thriving , and violence is on the rise .
The compact builds on the 2001 Bonn Agreement , which laid the framework for a democratic Afghanistan but left much to be done to overcome that war-torn country 's tragic legacy .
Decades of neglect coupled with foreign intervention left the country in ruins , with reverberations across the world .
It also paved the way for a parliament in which over a quarter of the members are women -- this in a country where , just five years ago , women were not even allowed to leave the house without a male relative .
A recent poll shows that Afghans overwhelmingly favor their country 's new direction -- backing the participation of women in public life and international intervention against al Qaeda , the Taliban , and the drug economy .
Currently , the judiciary is incapable of trying a case of petty theft much less of ensuring human rights .
Last month , the Afghan leadership finally adopted -- albeit half-heartedly -- a transitional justice plan that could remove from power the biggest war criminals who have consolidated their grip on the country over the past five years .
From Karl Popper to Karl Rove -- and Back NEW YORK &#45; &#45; In his novel 1984 , George Orwell chillingly described a totalitarian regime in which all communication is controlled by a Ministry of Truth and dissidents are persecuted by political police .
In other areas , such as science and industry , the impulse to impose one 's views on the world encounters the resistance of external reality .
The American public has proven remarkably susceptible to the manipulation of truth , which increasingly dominates the country 's political discourse .
Both positions are firmly held and can be buttressed by arguments that are valid from the point of view of the country concerned .
Now , the CDS market offers a convenient way of shorting bonds , but the risk\/reward asymmetry works in the opposite way .
Unlike the Japanese experience , this crisis involved the entire world , rather than being confined to a single country .
As things stand now , each country 's financial system is being sustained and supported by its own government .
Spending it would not add to any country 's fiscal deficit . All they need to do is to tap into it .
The fund would jump-start forestry , land-use , and agricultural projects -- areas that offer the greatest scope for reducing or mitigating carbon emissions , and that could produce substantial returns from carbon markets .
The crash of 2008 revealed the flaw in the euro 's construction , as each member country had to rescue its own banking system instead of doing it jointly .
Their use ought to be confined to those who have an insurable interest in the bonds of a country or company .
But German Chancellor Angela Merkel opposed a joint EU-wide guarantee ; each country had to take care of its own banks .
Germany can not be blamed for wanting a strong currency and a balanced budget , but as the strongest and most creditworthy country , it is unwittingly imposing its deflationary policies on the rest of the eurozone .
This secret of China 's success gives the country the upper hand in its dealings with other countries , because the government has discretion over the use of the surplus .
China 's leaders need to recognize that their country can not continue rising without paying more attention to the interests of its trading partners .
At that time , Angela Merkel rejected a Europe-wide guarantee , insisting that each country should guarantee its own institutions .
It is better to inject equity into the banks now rather than later , and it is better to do it on a Europe-wide basis than leave each country to act on its own .
As things stand now , each country is pursuing policies that do not help the other and are suboptimal for their own economies .
The country is rich in mineral resources that China needs , but it is the US that spends $ 10 billion a month occupying a country whose annual GDP is only $ 15 billion .
But the Chinese leadership declined the offer , explaining that China is a developing country that can hardly meet its own people 's needs .
The best periods in Chinese history were those in which the country was most open both internally and towards the outside world .
With French leadership , 2011 offers a golden opportunity for the most important capital markets to adopt clear , precise rules requiring full financial disclosure by extractive-industry companies to governmental authorities .
The actual taxes and payments made by mining , oil , and other extractive-industry companies to governments are usually a well-kept secret , even though most of these governments claim to use the revenue for the public good .
Indeed , these well-kept industry and government secrets can have serious and widespread repercussions .
Citizens everywhere must be assured that oil and gas firms , as well as mining companies , publish all of their relevant financial information , broken down by country and by project , and including all payments made to host-country public budgets .
If European regulators can agree on this requirement for all extractive-industry companies listed on their stock exchanges , this transparency norm will be applied to companies regardless of where their headquarters are located .
That law 's requirement that companies fully disclose their revenue streams by country and by project applies to 90 % of international oil and gas companies and to eight of the ten largest mining companies .
The importance of financial transparency in the extractive industries is not limited to one country or era -- and it is too important to be left to voluntary efforts alone .
But the excesses were mainly in the private sector , as interest-rate convergence generated economic divergence : lower interest rates in the weaker countries fueled housing bubbles , while the strongest country , Germany , had to tighten its belt in order to cope with the burden of reunification .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel insisted that there should be no joint EU guarantee ; each country would have to take care of its own institutions .
The authorities are trying to buy time , but time is running out . The crisis is rapidly reaching a climax .
It should be recognized that a disorderly default or exit from the eurozone , even by a small country like Greece , would precipitate a banking crisis comparable to the one that caused the Great Depression .
The euro crisis had its origin in German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's decision , taken in the aftermath of Lehman Brothers ' default in September 2008 , that the guarantee against further defaults should come not from the European Union , but from each country separately .
-LRB- The last two requirements would apply even if no country defaulted . -RRB-
The two objectives are connected : It is only by offering incentives that the IMF can exert stronger influence on the economic policies of individual countries prior to a country turning to the IMF in a crisis situation .
The highest grade would make a country automatically eligible for Contingent Credit Lines and bondholders would be given an assurance that in case of an IMF program their claims would be fully respected .
This would provide a powerful enhancement of the country 's credit .
This approach would be more effective than trying to force individual states to comply .
As things stand now , no country can use trade sanctions to impose its own standards on another country when an imported product is physically the same as the nationally produced one .
-LRB- Indeed , all war ministries have become `` defense ministries , '' leaving one to wonder against whom a country must be defended if there are no longer any attackers . -RRB-
Of course , military intervention for purposes beyond defending one 's country remains possible , but requires a UN Security Council resolution .
In the meantime , the return to the idea of a `` just cause '' carries big risks , especially evident when , as happened in Georgia , a great power claims the mantle of a protector of the rights of its nationals in a neighboring country .
The first question reflects a long-standing and apparently philosophical dispute between Britain - more accurately , the so-called British financial industry , which comprises almost exclusively non-British firms - and the Continent .
South Africa 's internal problems , most notably the upsurge in the AIDS epidemic , have been well documented since the ANC came to power more than ten years ago , but the country 's stance as a player within the international community has been less obvious .
Initially , a foreign policy based on Nelson Mandela 's shining global reputation enabled the country to project itself as an exemplary international citizen .
In time , however , as the impact of Mandela 's reputation faded , South Africa became just another country desperately trying to cope with immense social and economic deprivation and anxious for the foreign investment crucial to economic growth .
The long-term future of South Africa 's foreign policy is uncertain : its emergence as a power of substance with a claim to a seat in a reformed UN Security Council will ultimately depend on the government 's capacity to attract foreign investment sufficient to help deliver economic and social goods to the country 's black majority .
Growth in China and India is bouncing back toward pre-crisis levels , Brazil 's growth is rising after a sharp dip , and developing-country trade is rebounding from depressed levels .
Credit tightened sharply . But rapid responses by developing-country central banks , in collaboration with relatively healthy domestic banks , prevented a severe credit freeze .
Bank balance sheets had been strengthened after the 1997-1998 financial crisis , and were unencumbered by the overvalued securitized assets and complex derivative securities that caused much of the damage to advanced-country financial institutions .
Advanced-country growth may be diminished for a time , but the compensating factors that have emerged represent the most important lesson of the crisis .
Indeed , China , far from being thrown off course by the crisis , is entering a middle-income transition that over time will create considerable space in labor-intensive manufacturing and services , as the country evolves structurally and exits from these sectors .
The other way is to try to reduce the informational gaps or their impact by regulating the expertise and incentives surrounding the rating process -LRB- the failure of which had serious consequences in the current crisis -RRB- .
The finance industry , regulators , and political leaders need to create a shared sense of collective responsibility for the system as a whole and its impact on the rest of the economy .
This set of values should be deeply embedded in the industry -- and thus should transcend haggling over regulation .
Combined with higher trade among them , the future of emerging economies is one of reduced dependence on industrial-country demand , though not a complete decoupling .
As a result , the continued openness of industrial-country markets can not be taken for granted .
By contrast , developed country policymakers ' default stance seems to be that proactive or preemptive measures require a high degree of certainty , owing to a deep-seated belief that financial markets are stable and self-regulating .
The policies needed to do so vary by country and involve structural shifts .
The aggregate size of the developing countries -LRB- especially the major emerging economies -RRB- , their rising incomes , and their ongoing movement up the value chain are having a growing impact on advanced-country economies , particularly these economies ' tradable sectors .
What is the impact on a large advanced country like the United States ?
MILAN -- China is poised to begin its transition from middle-income to developed-country status .
No country of China 's size and diversity has ever done so .
As the scope of the private sector expands , legal structures and policies that support competition , entry and exit , market openness , intellectual property , and social safety nets will also be needed .
If emerging economies try to reach advanced-country income levels by following roughly the same pattern as their predecessors , the impact on natural resources and the environment would be enormous , risky , and probably disastrous .
If that were to continue , the result would be a world in which each country 's contribution to pressure on natural resources and the environment would make sustainability a major global challenge , as the free-rider problem in its most extreme form would prevail .
By mid-century , India and China will account for 2.5 billion of the 3.5 billion additional people with advanced-country incomes .
As a result , these countries will have to invent new growth patterns to reach advanced-country levels of development .
Emerging countries ' resilience will not extend to double-dip recessions in America and Europe : they can not offset sharp falls in advanced-country demand by themselves , notwithstanding their healthy public-sector balance sheets .
With high unemployment in many parts of the labor market , downward pressure on wages will further exacerbate the country 's already skewed income-distribution .
China 's Next Mountain to Climb MILAN -- China is entering a complex set of transitions that will lay the foundations for the advanced-country status that it hopes to reach in the next 25 years .
? a major microeconomic restructuring of the economy to anchor the country 's emerging middle income country status ;
? a reversal of the country 's now rising income inequality ; lowering the very high savings level relative to investment and thus reducing the current-account surplus ;
The reason is that China is , by far , the most populous country to have sustained very rapid growth for 30 years .
So reckoning with the country 's global impact has been added to an already complex policy agenda , at a point when most countries have the luxury of maintaining a largely domestic focus .
But China also faces an external environment that is occasionally hostile to the country 's form of government ; that sometimes overlooks or undervalues the rapid rise of millions of Chinese from poverty ; that tends to view the global economy as a zero-sum game ; and that mistakenly attributes China 's economic success to non-cooperative policies in areas like exchange-rate management .
The Chechen separatists ' leader , Aslan Maskhadov , maintained a mission directly next door to the Ministry of Internal Affairs in Tbilisi , and various government bodies had direct contacts with Chechen field commanders operating in Georgia .
Do they have enough experience to guide the country towards political stability and economic prosperity ?
Indeed , the Saakashvili administration might complain about Russian meddling , but it is unlikely to try to remove Georgia from Russia 's economic orbit .
The Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan oil pipeline -- which will bypass Russia when it is completed -- can not re-define the country 's economic strategy to the extent that Shevardnadze had sought .
Sanctions , to be credible , must come into play long before a country falls into economic difficulties ; therefore , they should not be purely financial in character , but should include other measures as well .
Of course , the pressure on these countries to act is particularly high , but there is no country in the euro area whose budgetary situation can be described as enduringly sound .
Reading the press of late , you might conclude that all Harmid Karzai , Afghanistan 's chief , needs to pacify his country is an expanded international peacekeeping presence and faster delivery of aid .
The international security force , staffed mainly by Turks , is being upgraded and its mandate extended to the entire country .
Every politically active person in the country understands the reality of this power grab .
They tremble at the fact that Marshall Fahim 's army , the country 's largest , sits in garrisons ringing Kabul .
The only way to resist these threats is to address their root cause : the imbalance of power at the top of the regime and within ministry staffs that is gradually robbing Karzai 's government of legitimacy .
We have already seen the liquidity intended to boost US bank lending instead leak through the cracks into markets as diverse as agricultural commodities , metals , and poor-country debt .
These countries ' authorities are now trying to shield their banks from losses by feigning neighborly concern for the Irish government .
In the third quarter of this year , China 's foreign-exchange reserves increased by $ 194 billion , which far exceeded the country 's $ 66 billion trade surplus and $ 23 billion in inflows of foreign direct investment .
Nevertheless , Germany stands to lose more than any other country from any protectionist-minded retreat from globalization .
Similarly , life expectancy at birth in SSA countries lagged 16 years behind the developing-country average , 14 years behind countries in South Asia , and 21 years behind countries in East Asia , Latin America , and the Caribbean .
Indeed , the availability of a highly qualified bureaucracy in both South Korea and Taiwan -- and before that in their model country , Japan -- was a necessary precondition for achieving rapid economic growth .
If a government sprang from reasonably fair elections and the elected government is able to fill the most important political offices , the country is deemed `` electorally competitive . ''
But electoral competitiveness is always a necessary condition for democracy - and therefore a central consideration when evaluating a country 's prospects for democratization .
Two initiatives - the Polity Project , founded by political scientist Ted Gurr , and Freedom House 's annual Freedom in the World surveys - gauge political rights in almost every country .
But on the Arab side , only Lebanon had three consecutive years of relatively strong political rights - before the 15-year civil war that began in 1975 - and no country experienced five consecutive years of strong rights .
A non-Arab Muslim country in the period from 1972 to 2000 was almost 20 times more likely to be electorally competitive than an Arab Muslim-majority country .
Indeed , more than 80 % of Ukraine 's Russified eastern districts voted for independence in 1991 , and the 1999 parliamentary and presidential elections did not split the country nearly as much as the 2004 presidential elections did .
Thus , the country 's declaration of independence 13 years ago was made in the name of `` The people of Ukraine , '' and citizenship was offered to everyone who was born on the territory of Ukraine , regardless of nationality .
Turkey 's Secular Fundamentalist Threat NEW YORK &#45; &#45; The Chief Prosecutor of Turkey 's High Court of Appeals recently recommended to the country 's Constitutional Court that the ruling Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- be permanently banned .
NEW YORK -- The visit by `` Barry Obama , '' the Indonesian nickname for the former resident and current United States president , to Jakarta is intended , as much as anything , to celebrate the achievements of the largest Muslim-majority country in the world .
In the 12 years since its transition to democracy , Indonesia has regularly held local and national elections , developed a functioning free market , and strengthened its culture of tolerance towards the country 's Christian , Hindu , Buddhist , and Chinese minorities .
The parliament is 18 % female -LRB- a slightly higher percentage than in the US Congress -RRB- , and a woman , Megawati Sukarnoputri , was the country 's fourth president .
For example , the head of Islamic affairs in the Ministry of Religion , Nasaruddin Umar , is a self-described Islamic feminist who has published sophisticated critiques of gender bias in Koranic exegesis .
Wilhelm II became the leader of a country on the cusp of European mastery .
Yet the most portentous decisions had to be taken : changes in the military and civilian leadership , and , in 1917 , whether to declare unrestricted submarine warfare and thus insure the United States ' entry into the war .
The fate of his country -LRB- and of Europe -RRB- depended on how Wilhelm decided .
But there may be a lesson from a country whose wartime rulers , quarrelling among themselves , inflicted unimaginable harm on their people and to the world with their mendacious , secretive , and paranoid style .
As many travelers to France will attest , people in the French countryside believe that they , not Parisians , constitute the `` true '' France .
This ever-changing identity was startling , but , on second thought , it made sense : after all , Charles de Gaulle famously said that it is difficult to govern a country with 246 types of cheese .
If inflation continued , the country 's real exchange rate would appreciate , the demand for its exports would fall , unemployment would increase , and that would dampen wage and price pressures .
Argentina should have been encouraged to fix a more flexible exchange rate system , or at least an exchange rate more reflective of the country 's trading patterns .
After the burst of growth that arrived with hyperinflation 's end , growth slowed , partly because firms in the country could n't get adequate finance .
Soon , high interest rates strained the country 's budget .
But with 20 % interest rates , 9 % of the country 's GDP would be spent annually on financing its debt .
Globalization exposes a country to enormous shocks .
Of course , the country needed to undertake other reforms - but following the IMF 's advice regarding contractionary fiscal policies made matters worse .
So should voters trying to decide between the two simply look at it as a matter of choosing alternative management teams ?
Governments can enhance growth by increasing inclusiveness . A country 's most valuable resource is its people .
The list of examples is long , but it includes subsidies to large corporate farms , tariffs to protect the steel industry , and , most recently , the mega-bail-outs of Bear Stearns , Fannie Mae , and Freddie Mac .
By contrast , the new left is trying to make markets work .
No government can sit idly by as a country goes into recession or depression , even when caused by the excessive greed of bankers or misjudgment of risks by security markets and rating agencies .
Even the largest and richest country in the world has limited resources .
It is time for America , and Europe , to learn the lessons of Iraq -- or , rather , relearn the lessons of virtually every country that tries to occupy another and determine its future .
It avoids the hopeless task of trying to value millions of complex mortgages and the even more complex financial products in which they are embedded , and it deals with the `` lemons '' problem -- the government gets stuck with the worst or most overpriced assets .
No surprise , I suppose , because , despite everything , a US government guarantee has more credibility than a guarantee from a third-world country .
But the financial crisis is only one of several crises facing the country : the underlying macroeconomic problem has been made worse by the sinking fortunes of the bottom half of the population .
So how could any developing country defend to its citizens the idea of opening itself even more to America 's highly subsidized banks ?
We can try to inculcate better ethical standards .
Each country will try to design its stimulus package to maximize the impact on its own citizens -- not the global impact .
Since a country 's currency can be a reserve currency only if others are willing to accept it as such , time may be running out for the dollar .
The United States spends more on health care than any other country -LRB- both per capita and as a percentage of income -RRB- , but gets poorer outcomes .
Consider the trauma a country like India might have suffered if its population of a half-billion had remained barely fed as it doubled .
India 's agriculture sector , for example , has fallen behind the rest of its dynamic economy , living on borrowed time , as levels of ground water , on which much of the country depends , fall precipitously .
But this requires a substantial increase in assistance at a time when the paltry levels of aid provided by rich countries continue to fall .
The US , the world 's richest country , is the stingiest .
A country with reserves of the new global money could exchange it for hard currencies to sustain needed food imports or other goods .
If one country gets rid of its deficit , it must show up elsewhere .
If a developing country 's trade deficit is offset by assistance through a grant of the new global money , its overall financial position will be secure .
Implementing the scheme will not require the support of every major developed country . This is important because the US might oppose any plan that undermines demand for Treasury bills -LRB- and thus its guaranteed access to low-cost financing -RRB- .
Even the commitment of the accord to provide amounts approaching $ 30 billion for the period 2010-2012 for adaptation and mitigation appears paltry next to the hundreds of billions of dollars that have been doled out to the banks in the bailouts of 2008-2009 .
Perhaps it is time to try another approach : a commitment by each country to raise the price of emissions -LRB- whether through a carbon tax or emissions caps -RRB- to an agreed level , say , $ 80 per ton .
One has to look not only at what a country or firm owes , but also at its assets .
America 's financial industry polluted the world with toxic mortgages , and , in line with the well established `` polluter pays '' principle , taxes should be imposed on it .
Many factors other than exchange rates affect a country 's trade balance . A key determinant is national savings .
To many , both in and outside of Greece , this stance was peculiar : billions had been spent saving big banks , but evidently saving a country of eleven million people was taboo !
That Goldman 's CEO saw himself as doing `` God 's work '' as his firm sold short products that it created , or disseminated scurrilous rumors about a country where it was serving as an `` adviser , '' suggests a parallel universe , with different mores and values .
The Fed is engaged in the difficult task of trying to set not just the short-term interest rate , but longer-term rates as well .
Meanwhile , as overvalued exchange rates - even if maintained for only a short period - further depressed the economy , the country was left with the burden of repaying billions of dollars in IMF loans .
Whatever one 's attitude to these arrangements , the notion that a single country can exercise effective veto power seems inconsonant with basic democratic principles .
The IMF has been trying to create an alternative .
And , having played a central role in creating the current mess , it is now trying to regain face .
It is good that the Fed is trying to make amends for its dismal pre-crisis performance .
· growth in inequality , with the top 1 % garnering more than 20 % of the country 's income , accompanied by a weakening of the middle class -- median US household income has fallen by more than 5 % over the past decade , and was in decline even before the recession ;
No one would wish the trauma that Argentina went through in 1999-2002 on any other country .
But the country also suffered in the years before the crisis -- years of IMF bailouts and austerity -- from high unemployment and poverty rates and low and negative growth .
Likewise , Argentina 's poverty rate has fallen by some three-quarters from its crisis peak , and the country weathered the global financial crisis far better than the US did -- unemployment is high , but still only around 8 % .
DAVOS -- The whole world celebrates Tunisia 's democratic revolution , which has set off a cascade of events elsewhere in the region -- particularly in Egypt -- with untold consequences . The eyes of the world are now set on this small country of ten million , to learn the lessons of its recent experience and to see if the young people who overthrew a corrupt autocrat can create a stable , functioning democracy .
After all , GDP grew at around 5 % annually in Tunisia over the last 20 years , and the country was often cited as boasting one of the better-performing economies , particularly within the region .
A good place for Tunisia 's debate to begin is deciding how far beyond the rights enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights the country should go in writing its new constitution .
Its people have acted with purpose and thoughtfulness in setting up an interim government , as Tunisians of talent and achievement have , on a moment 's notice , volunteered to serve their country at this critical juncture .
NEW YORK -- Suppose someone were to describe a small country that provided free education through university for all of its citizens , transportation for school children , and free health care -- including heart surgery -- for all .
You might suspect that such a country is either phenomenally rich or on the fast track to fiscal crisis .
For its part , the United States has never attempted to give free college for all , and it took a bitter battle just to ensure that America 's poor get access to health care -- a guarantee that the Republican Party is now working hard to repeal , claiming that the country can not afford it .
Indeed , so dismal were its prospects as it approached independence from Britain , which came in 1968 , that the Nobel Prize-winning economist James Meade wrote in 1961 : `` It is going to be a great achievement if -LRB- the country -RRB- can find productive employment for its population without a serious reduction in the existing standard of living ... -LRB- T -RRB- he outlook for peaceful development is weak . ''
The country has progressed from the sugar-based monoculture of 50 years ago to a diversified economy that includes tourism , finance , textiles , and , if current plans bear fruit , advanced technology .
Third , Mauritius recognized that without natural resources , its people were its only asset . Maybe that appreciation for its human resources is also what led Mauritius to realize that , particularly given the country 's potential religious , ethnic , and political differences -- which some tried to exploit in order to induce it to remain a British colony -- education for all was crucial to social unity .
But the country still struggles with some of its colonial legacies : inequality in land and wealth , as well as vulnerability to high-stakes global politics .
The US should now do right by this peaceful and democratic country : recognize Mauritius ' rightful ownership of Diego Garcia , renegotiate the lease , and redeem past sins by paying a fair amount for land that it has illegally occupied for decades .
Indeed , country after country has now chosen to intervene in one way or another to prevent their currencies from skyrocketing in value .
The presumption was that the outcome of such a process almost surely would be a managing director from an emerging-market country .
One of the leading candidates to be the IMF 's next managing director has turned out to be a Frenchwoman , Christine Lagarde , who , as France 's finance minister , helped lead her country through the Great Recession .
Europe pushed to restructure its steel industry in the 1980s and early 1990s , and succeeded mostly .
So , under the `` new '' US rules , that country is entitled to reinstate tariffs as `` safeguards . ''
If the US needs to worry about unemployment with an unemployment rate of less than 6 % , what is a poor country with unemployment at 10 % or 20 % to say ?
The IMF - in which the US is the only country with veto power - shows little sympathy with such political concerns in the developing world .
The same can be said for country after country in the developing world .
Even in its hey-day , from the early 1980 's until 2007 , American-style deregulated capitalism brought greater material well-being only to the very richest in the richest country of the world .
Under `` IMF '' theory , investors , seeing government resolve to eliminate deficits , flock to the country , economic performance recovers , and the policy is vindicated .
I know of no country where this scenario has played out successfully , for there are two key problems with this `` theory . ''
A country in recession or depression does not inspire confidence .
With the decline in income , tax revenues decline , and , if the country has any kind of social safety net , expenditures increase .
At this point , the IMF castigates the country for failing to fulfill its commitments .
The country , too , may prove equally surprising and resilient .
Unlike America , when the country faced an electricity crisis , it did n't blithely sit by , saying let market forces -LRB- which in the US , meant market manipulation by Enron and others -RRB- `` handle '' the matter ; rather , the government came in with strong actions .
Brazil is a country of extraordinary human and physical resources .
Brazil 's victory in the World Cup may have no connection with these reforms , but the creativity of that winning team does say a great deal about the spirit of the country .
This lack of credit stifled growth , which contributed to the country 's economic woes ; and now credit has virtually dried up .
Decisions about which policy to choose is a matter best left to a country 's political processes ; they should not be usurped by international bureaucrats , no matter how competent .
The IMF 's argument seems to be this : a country can not rely on foreign aid because aid is too unstable .
If that is the case , every country in the world is in deep trouble .
Because of this rule , investors may only see an apparent worsening of the country 's fiscal position , and so may demand higher interest rates .
According to Mexican and Chilean officials I have discussed the matter with , spending from a stabilization fund is reportedly treated as if the country is borrowing , thus adding to its deficit .
IMF accounting frameworks , rather than providing useful signals to the market , provide distorted information that exacerbates a troubled country 's problems .
As foreigners start pulling their money out of a country they suspect , the dollar will weaken .
The Bush Administration should admit this , and redesign a tax program to strengthen the economy by making the country live within its means .
America 's Securities and Exchange Commission 's head recognized the problems posed by conflicts of interests in accounting , but his efforts to put in place rules to address the problem met with overwhelming resistance from the industry -- until the scandals made change irresistible .
Some countries try to fight against this vicious circle .
WWII called for total mobilization , and it was that total mobilization , requiring a country 's total resources , that wiped out unemployment .
uncertainties arising from America 's looming fiscal deficit , due to macroeconomic mismanagement and a tax cut that the country can not afford ;
If a leader that is not to Wall Street 's liking emerges , markets may raise interest rates to exorbitant levels , threatening to bankrupt the country unless a people choose a leader more to the financial community 's liking .
The underlying US government philosophy is that American producers are better than those of any country .
Therefore , if a country out-competes American firms , it must be because it engaged in some unfair practice .
But this line of reasoning flies in the face of basic economic theory and common sense , which hold that trade is based on each country exporting goods that reflect its relative -LRB- or comparative -RRB- advantage .
-LRB- While Chile might , in principal , undertake similar protectionist measures against the US , there is a complete asymmetry in power .
American dumping duties on Chilean salmon could devastate that industry ; Chile could take no action against a US industry that would have more than a miniscule impact on American firms . -RRB-
But the EU -- indeed , every country -- should seek automatic stabilizers , policies that automatically boost the economy in a downturn .
I warned of this problem more than a year ago , and I suggested that the Federal government pick up the tab for the shortfall in state tax revenue , because the states did not cause the country 's slowdown .
Similarly , some argue that the country needs a mild dose of inflation , while Japan 's central bank continues to resist the very idea that inflation could ameliorate any economic problem .
They shunted aside micro-level data that showed that there was in fact excess capacity , just as they ignored a World Bank analysis showing that fresh IMF loans would not restore economic growth , but would only leave the country deeper in debt .
Banking `` reform , '' for example , frequently soon required government bail-outs , leaving a few people much richer , but the country much poorer .
So the next time you hear rumblings in the legislature of an emerging democratic country against this or that `` technocratic '' proposal , think twice before dismissing the deputies ' doubts as populist rants .
Each country draws up a list of what to be done , and each government is held accountable in terms of its performance .
In the case of Mexico , for example , opening up the electricity industry , which Mexico 's constitution reserves to the government , has become the structural reform of the day demanded by the West .
For example , both political parties in the US now accept the notion that when a country is in a recession , it is not only permissible , but even desirable , to run deficits .
The American government also played an important role in developing the country 's financial markets -- by providing credit directly or through government-sponsored enterprises , and by partially guaranteeing a quarter or more of all loans .
More recently , oil companies have demonstrated little conscience in providing money that feeds guerrilla movements -- so long as their own interests are preserved . When , in Angola , one brave firm , BP , wanted to do the right thing by trying to make sure that oil royalties actually go to the government , rather than to corrupt officials , other oil companies refused to go along .
In the Congo , the profits of mining companies helped maintain the late President Mobuto of Zaire , now the Congo , in power for decades -- enabling him to pillage his country , allegedly facilitated by the secret bank accounts that are the specialty of countries like Switzerland , the Cayman Islands , and Cyprus .
These institutions knew , or they should have known , that their loans and aid was not going to help the country 's desperately poor people . It would only leave them deeper in debt .
If corporations had a conscience , they would act , without being forced to do so : they would estimate their profit from the Apartheid system and pay it back to the country , with interest .
For Apartheid 's demise has not solved the country 's deep economic problems , including an unemployment rate in excess of 25 % .
Ironically , the World Trade Organization , where each country has one vote , might seem far more `` democratic '' than , say , the IMF , where a single country , the US , has a veto .
In the early and mid-1990 's , when vast cutbacks in defense expenditure led to unemployment rates in excess of 10 % in California , many Californians migrated to other parts of the country where jobs where easier to find .
While cross country labor mobility in Europe is higher nowadays , language and cultural barriers mean that mobility is far lower than in the US . Apart from the Common Agricultural Policy , expenditures at the European level are meager .
At least in East Asia , the IMF recognized that excessive fiscal stringency contributed to the downturn , though it still pushed excessive fiscal stringency in Argentina when that country went into crisis , with predictably disastrous results .
Free trade is preached as a gospel everywhere , but rich countries do not seem to hear their own message : their markets remain closed to many developing country exports ; they subsidize agriculture massively , making it impossible for developing countries to compete . Do as we say , not as we do ; that seems to be the G-7 message .
Yet they freely interfere with democratic processes within countries they are supposedly trying to help .
One such legacy was a high level of human capital , especially in technical and scientific areas , much of which was lost , as many of the country 's most talented people emigrated .
Those in control of Russian businesses will thus continue to strip assets and convert them into forms of wealth that can be easily taken out of the country .
To encourage domestic investment , and recognizing that it is difficult to tax assets held abroad , an `` exit '' tax could also be imposed on capital taken out of the country .
But the US is finally realizing that even a superpower can not ensure security in a country occupied by force .
In 2004 the world could well learn again the risks of relying excessively on the ideology or leadership of a single country .
When Baghdad fell , the oil ministry was quickly protected , while museums and hospitals were allowed to be looted .
This record suggests that one should think twice before trying shock therapy again .
Russia had a highly educated labor force , with advanced technological capabilities ; Iraq is a developing country .
The low prices that the privatized assets are likely to fetch will create the sense of an illegitimate sell-off foisted on the country by the occupiers and their collaborators .
If Iraq 's economy falters as a result of a misguided economic reconstruction program based on shock therapy , the country will be further indebted with little to show for it .
While the President of Germany is not supposed to intervene in the day-to-day management of the country , his voice will no doubt be influential .
American and rich country engineers and computer specialists will either have to accept a wage cut and\/or they will be forced into unemployment and\/or to seek other employment - almost surely at lower wages .
But as an American , I am so horrified by what has happened in my country - and what my country has done to others over the past two years - that I feel I must speak out .
Cheney 's answer was jarring : he said that because the detainees were captured in Afghanistan where they had been trying to kill US troops , the rules regarding prisoners of war did not apply .
The Bush administration has also trampled on citizens ' basic right to know what their government is doing , refusing , for example , to disclose who was on the task force that shaped its energy policy - though one really does n't need that information to see that it was shaped by the oil industry and for the oil industry .
Unfortunately , the global system of international law and governance remains too weak to prevent the determined misbehavior of the president of the world 's most powerful country if he is hell bent on starting a war on his own .
It is cheaper to bribe a government to provide resources at below-market prices than to invest and develop an industry , so it is no surprise that some firms succumb to this temptation .
Two thirds of the people in Venezuela , the Latin American country with the largest oil deposits , live in poverty .
No wonder that they are demanding that the small group of those who benefit from the country 's wealth start to share it .
Democratic , consensual , and transparent processes - such as those in Botswana - are more likely to ensure that the fruits of a country 's wealth are equitably and well spent .
Moreover , such fluctuations are amplified by borrowing in good years , so countries should resist foreign lenders who try to persuade them of the virtues of such capital flows .
In principle , it is easy to avoid currency appreciation : keep the foreign exchange earned from , say , oil exports out of the country . Invest the money in the US or Europe .
Some countries , notably Nigeria , are trying to implement these lessons .
Most importantly , the Nigerians are taking measures to ensure that the fruits of this endowment are invested , so that as the country 's natural resources are depleted , its real wealth - fixed and human capital - is increased .
While Secretary O'Neill may preach that the problems of the world arise not from too much but from too little of a market economy , trying to create a new global cartel in steel only makes sense for big steel businesses .
In a malaria-infested country , mosquito eradication programs can boost production and even increase effective land usage , as acres that were almost uninhabitable become livable .
Wolfensohn meant it when he said that he wanted to put the country in the driver 's seat , though not everyone within the Bank was as enthusiastic about this -LRB- or some of his other -RRB- initiatives .
The developing world understandably does not want to sacrifice its growth for a global public good , especially when the United States , the richest country in the world , seems unwilling to sacrifice even a little of its luxurious life style .
The benefits of conservation to the world as a whole far exceed the value of exploitation to a country like Papua New Guinea -LRB- PNG -RRB- .
In country after country , displaced workers went from low productivity jobs to zero productivity unemployment .
The world 's richest country , which blithely gave its richest citizens a series of tax cuts worth hundreds of billions of dollars , now says that it simply ca n't afford to spend much more on aid .
I was in Thailand right after the Tsunami , and I saw that country 's impressive response .
Even the richest country in the world has limited resources .
America , the richest country in the world , clearly had the resources to evacuate New Orleans . Bush simply forgot the poor -- the tens , perhaps hundreds of thousands , who simply did not have the resources to pay for their own evacuation .
Perhaps Bush had hoped that the consequences of global warming would be felt long after he left office -- and would be felt more by poor , low-lying , tropical countries like Bangladesh than by a rich country astride the temperate zones .
The summit 's declaration also enunciated , in refined diplomatic language , new rights and obligations concerning international intervention in a country 's internal matters , as in Darfur .
The US had made it clear that it would abide by only one outcome at the UN -- a principle under which no democratic body can operate , for to insist that a decision must accord with the wishes of one member is dictatorship . Subsequent events have shown how difficult it is -- even for the strongest country in the world -- to impose a stable democratic regime .
Bolivians wonder why investments of some $ 3 billion should entitle foreign investors to 82 % of the country 's vast gas reserves , now estimated to be worth $ 250 billion .
Indeed , because Bolivia 's Constitution requires the approval of Congress for such sales , it is n't clear that Morales is nationalizing anything : the assets were never properly sold . When a country is robbed of a national art treasure , we do n't call its return `` re-nationalization , '' because it belonged to the country all along .
If the Bolivians do not get fair value for their country 's natural wealth , their prospects are bleak .
For now , the world should celebrate the fact that Bolivia has a democratically elected leader attempting to represent the interests of the poor people of his country .
Brazil 's firms are far more efficient than America 's subsidized industry , which puts more energy into getting subsidies out of Congress than in improving efficiency .
But , as one developing country minister put it , `` Our farmers can compete with America 's farmers ; we just ca n't compete with America 's Treasury . ''
In other areas of trade , the principle of countervailing duties has been recognized : when a country imposes a subsidy , others can impose a tax to offset the unfair advantage given to that country 's producers .
This would be a major step forward in trying to create a fair trade regime that promotes development .
It is an understandable concern : money that the Bank lends to developing countries that ends up in secret bank accounts or finances some contractors ' luxurious lifestyle leaves a country more indebted , not more prosperous .
Third , the World Bank 's primary responsibility is to fight poverty , which means that when it confronts a poor country plagued with corruption , its challenge is to figure out how to ensure that its own money is not tainted and gets to projects and people that need it .
Every bribe that is taken has a payer , and too often the bribe payer is a corporation from an advanced industrial country or someone acting on its behalf .
Subsidies hurt developing country farmers because they lead to higher output -- and lower global prices .
Faced with the WTO order , the US will try to comply with the letter of the law and avoid its spirit , making changes in the subsidy program to ensure `` technical '' compliance .
This does not mean an increase in overall taxation , but simply a substitution in each country of a pollution -LRB- carbon -RRB- tax for some current taxes .
Exxon has reportedly been funding so-called think tanks to undermine confidence in the science of global warming , just as the tobacco industry funded `` research '' to question the validity of statistical findings showing the link between smoking and cancer .
Even for a rich country , that is a lot of money .
Slowdown has cast a pallor over the Clinton Administration 's boasting , its promise that if a country adhered to capitalism American-style then it would be assured of unprecedented and sustained prosperity .
If some country has a surplus , another country must have a deficit .
Deficits are like hot potatoes , passed from one country to another .
A country with too large a deficit faces a crisis and soon switches policy to secure a surplus - that is what has happened in East Asia .
Fortunately , one country has been willing and able to run large trade deficits -- the United States .
But Bush has neither eliminated massive subsidies to the oil industry -LRB- though , fortunately , the Democratic Congress may take action -RRB- nor provided adequate incentives for conservation .
But this is a peculiar arrangement : a relatively poor country is helping to finance America 's War on Iraq , as well as a massive tax cut for the richest people in the world 's richest country , while huge needs at home imply ample room for expansion of both consumption and investment .
There was a push to give money to Iraq -- a country rife with corruption -- while other countries were accused of corruption without adequate hard evidence or specific details .
With the IMF so dominated by the US -LRB- it is the only country with a veto -RRB- and Europe -LRB- which , by custom , appoints its head -RRB- , the Fund was long seen as representing the interests of international creditors .
Part of the country 's success in reducing poverty reflects strong job creation .
The `` hearts and minds '' of those in the countryside had to be won , and that meant bringing economic benefits and minimizing `` collateral '' damage to innocent civilians -- an important lesson for the Bush administration in Iraq , if it would only listen to someone outside its closed circle .
In South Korea , the IMF urged the sale of the country 's banks to American investors , even though Koreans had managed their own economy impressively for four decades , with higher growth , more stability , and without the systemic scandals that have marked US financial markets with such frequency .
His close connections with the oil industry make him loathe to force it to pay for its pollution .
There could be an international agreement that every country would impose a carbon tax at an agreed rate -LRB- reflecting the global social cost -RRB- .
Moreover , Europe has grown used to the concept of cap-and-trade , and many are loathe to try an alternative .
Half of Iraq 's doctors have been killed or have left the country , unemployment stands at 25 % , and , five years after the war 's start , Baghdad still has less than eight hours of electricity a day .
Out of Iraq 's total population of around 28 million , four million are displaced and two million have fled the country .
Moreover , this war has been funded differently from any other war in America 's history -- perhaps in any country 's recent history . Normally , countries ask for shared sacrifice , as they ask their young men and women to risk their lives .
Indeed , given the size of the US economy , a slowdown there might conceivably have a far bigger effect on global prices than a slowdown in any developing country , which suggests that , from a global perspective , US interest rates , not those in developing countries , should be raised .
To try to enforce a single definitive interpretation is deeply misleading , and thus unhelpful -- and potentially dangerous -- in policymaking .
With fear gripping consumers , companies , and countries worldwide , talk has turned from a moderate advanced-country recession to a major world depression .
Moreover , while it remains essential to attach policy conditions to IMF-supported programs , they should be focused squarely on solving a country 's critical problems , so that the conditions will be relevant rather than intrusive .
First , policy conditions associated with future IMF lending will be better tailored to country circumstances .
How quickly fiscal retrenchment should be launched -- and the right balance between higher taxes and lower spending -- will vary by country , reflecting factors like the strength of the economic recovery , the market 's appetite for debt , and initial spending and revenue ratios .
Turning to the international dimension , understanding better how policies adopted in one country spill over onto other economies is key .
Ma 's strategy suits China , whose leaders welcome being able to avoid confrontation with Taiwan , given their current focus on engineering their country 's `` peaceful rise . ''
But does Turkey 's shift of focus southward and toward regional power status come at the expense of the country 's EU ambitions ?
Perhaps even more compelling , services ' share of total global employment reached 42.7 % in 2007 , well ahead of agriculture -LRB- 34.9 % -RRB- and industry -LRB- 22.4 % -RRB- .
The onus is on rich-country governments to support this big push into clean energy in the developing world , as it was their carbon-fueled economic prosperity that has brought us to the brink of a climate catastrophe .
So far , rich countries have not risen to the challenge ; despite commitments made at Kyoto , Bali , and elsewhere , the resources committed for climate-change mitigation -- let alone adaptation -- in developing countries have been paltry and poorly targeted .
This time , moreover , the burden will not fall on one country alone , and a broader mix of traditional and innovative sources of financing are already available to help fund the required investment programs in energy efficiency and renewables .
Afghanistan is a stark warning of what happens when the world turns its back on an impoverished country in a volatile region .
No matter how hard they try - and Kyrgyzstan has certainly tried - they are doomed to fail without co-ordinated , well-designed and adequate assistance .
Looking ahead , this is of crucial importance , because the long-term economic well being of any country depends on steady productivity growth .
An electoral college would allocate seats to each country in proportion to its population , and each candidate would receive electoral college votes proportional to the vote taken in that country , either by universal suffrage or in the national parliament . This would force presidential candidates to campaign with equal energy in all countries .
Labor productivity is traditionally much lower in Italy 's south than in the rest of the country .
Each government party is afraid of losing votes to its coalition partners , and undermines or blocks whatever the government is trying to do .
The positive correlation between income and democracy that one sees across countries could be due to reverse causation : democracy is more likely to persist as a country grows richer .
Whatever the reason for the observed positive cross-country correlation between income and democracy , it should not be confused with causality .
Barriers to entry into the French political elite are exceptionally high .
But , ultimately , the best way to address them and prevent their resurgence is to make sure that economic opportunities are available to those who are determined to try .
Japan had a similar experience in the 1990 's , the country 's so-called `` lost decade . ''
At that time , Japan 's budget deficit soared after the country 's property bubble burst , causing economic stagnation .
As a result , the country 's household savings rate will decrease dramatically , making it increasingly difficult for the private sector to finance budget deficits .
Indeed , the country desperately requires strong political leadership to prevent a Greek scenario -- political leadership that it is unlikely to find .
This matters for every country , because Asia is now an important center of global economic growth .
By the end of his tenure , the rate was down to 1.5 % , restoring the country 's potential for growth .
And new demands for fiscal expenditures are expected to grow as the country ages .
Today , given the importance of exports to China 's economy , its government is reluctant to permit a major revaluation , despite strong pressure by foreign governments to allow the renminbi to appreciate in line with the country 's huge trade surplus .
In these circumstances , the role of the country 's political leadership will become much more important .
And now the country has absorbed another huge blow : another downgrade of its bond ratings . Both Moody 's and Standard & Poor 's now rate Japanese bonds at only their fourth-highest level .
According to Japan 's Ministry of Economy , Trade , and Industry , which surveyed firms roughly a month after the earthquake , more than 60 % of production sites in affected areas had already recovered as of April 15 .
The disaster confirmed the traditional view of Japan as a country that combines a dynamic private sector with an anemic public sector and central administration .
The earthquake and tsunami have confronted Japan with a profound crisis -- but also with a rare opportunity to undertake the comprehensive reforms that the country has postponed for far too long .
For a while , the US tried to question Brazil 's ownership by trying to force a discussion of the `` internationalization '' of the oceans and their mineral resources .
It thinks it is essential to locate refineries , industries , and additional energy-generating units in parts of the country that are both suited for such development and in need of it .
Indeed , since the end of WWII , Japan has avoided a full-fledged debate on the country 's national security framework , in which Japan would have the courage to disagree with the US .
President Putin enjoys a relationship of trust with Kim and thus may be able to persuade him that only by abiding by international law will he ensure his country 's future and that this , indeed , is the only option left open to him .
Trade with a country with China 's human rights record must not only make economic sense ; it must also fit the wider aims of foreign policy .
Should Russia recognize Abkhazia 's independence , Saakashvili might be tempted to respond militarily to prevent his country from unraveling .
Back to the Great Game in Kazakhstan BRUSSELS -- Those who oppose Western rapprochement with Kazakhstan cite the country 's lack of political and human rights .
Moreover , Kazakhstan , though a Muslim majority country , has established the type of secular , multi-ethnic , and multi religious polity that the West is seeking to encourage throughout the Muslim world .
The first is the country 's election to the annual rotating chairmanship of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe -LRB- OSCE -RRB- in 2010 .
The country 's southwest edge is on the same longitude as the countries of the south Caucasus and Turkey , all of which are already ENP countries or in the case of Turkey an EU candidate .
It is not for me to say that Taiwan should be recognized as an independent country .
Bangladesh is usually heard about only when cyclones and tsunamis ravage its low coastline , but the country 's relatively anonymous international stature belies its strategic importance .
Its secular politicians ' ability to defeat the country 's Islamists decisively in the recent parliamentary election may , indeed , have revived the viability of `` Muslim democracy '' around the world .
The recent landslide victory -LRB- with a huge turnout -RRB- for the Awami League in Bangladesh 's first election in seven years , after two years of a military-backed caretaker government , has moved the country to the forefront of the battle between secular democrats and Islamists that is now underway across South Asia .
The election was a credit to the country 's democratic yearnings -- and I say that as the chairman of the European Parliament 's short-term election observation mission to Bangladesh .
In Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina , Bangladesh now has a charismatic leader whose massive electoral mandate augurs well for creating the type of strong , secular government that the country needs .
Her overwhelming triumph has vindicated her belief that ordinary Bangladeshis want a secular and stable future for their country -- one that , in contrast to Pakistan , is characterized by warm relations with their giant neighbor , India .
Chief among these is the poverty endured by the majority of her country 's population .
If the Awami League is unable to address the country 's systematic poverty and social inequality , Islamism may well yet succeed in rallying the impoverished to its banner .
Corruption is also a potential trigger for intervention by the military , a recurring feature of Bangladesh 's history that has consistently impeded the country 's development .
Bangladesh is in a better position to weather the global financial storm than most Asian countries , because its banks are not over-exposed and its garment industry focuses on the lower end of the market , which , so far , appears to be holding up .
But chief among Bangladesh 's opportunities is the chance to show the world that a Muslim-majority country can freely embrace liberal democracy and make it work by confining religion to the private sphere .
Bangladesh is a country rich with human potential , but that potential can only be realized by making poor people 's needs -- which Islamists around the world have previously made their own political territory -- the new government 's top priority .
In the process , he transformed a country that was in the grip of drug barons and on the verge of becoming a failed state .
For many politicians , particularly in America , there is an unwillingness to upset Turkey without strong justification , given its record as a loyal NATO ally and putative EU candidate country .
Armenia , an independent country since 1991 , remains dependent on continued Russian protection , as was the case in 1920 when it joined the Soviet Union rather than suffer further Turkish invasion .
Some of the country , however , can meet at least a basic standard of governance .
But Somaliland 's strategic position near the world 's major oil-transport routes , now plagued by piracy , and chaos in the country 's south , mean that independence should no longer be dismissed out of hand .
Indeed , following a fact-finding mission in 2007 , a consensus is emerging within the EU that an African Union country should be the first to recognize Somaliland 's independence .
If so , the richest parts of any country could decide to go it alone , thus impoverishing their fellow citizens .
Since Sudan won independence from the United Kingdom in 1956 , the country has been convulsed by almost constant civil war based on the north-south cultural and religious divide .
If the non-Muslim South had gained at independence a large degree of religious , cultural , and administrative autonomy within a devolved federal structure , it is conceivable that the country could have remained at peace .
Some 80 % of Sudan 's oil is in the South , and the country 's vast swaths of fertile , naturally irrigated land hold much promise for commercial agriculture .
Hindus , Ahmadiyyas , and tribal people in the Chittagong hills , fearful for their safety , have been leaving the country in droves .
To its credit -- albeit under pressure from donor countries -- the Bengali authorities seem to sense that their country is drifting toward becoming a failed state and are making greater efforts to arrest Islamist killers , despite some of them being part of the ruling coalition .
Pressure from India will not be enough to force the Bengali government to adhere to the tolerant form of Islam that the country pursued during its first three decades of independence .
Faced with a country whose leader is bent on acquiring nuclear weapons , the EU 's leaders are simply dithering , fearing that the fire next door in Iraq could somehow spread .
Some two-thirds of Iranian industry , most of it state controlled , relies on German engineering exports , 65 % of which in 2005 came with export credit insurance guarantees from the German government .
This is difficult to reconcile with lending to a country like Iran , which publicly executes individuals for sexual `` deviance , '' imprisons women who protest peacefully , and silences journalists who are critical of the regime .
Where such personally beneficial laws are concerned , Premier Berlusconi is bull-headed , almost wrecking his coalition recently when one junior minister threatened to resign after the justice ministry sought to stop all investigations into Berlusconi 's affairs .
ROME -- On the Web site of the Italian Foreign Ministry , Tunisia is praised for its `` ideal features '' and `` political and social stability . ''
Many Italians remember that Ben Ali -- whose rise to the presidency was directly supported by Italy -- provided refuge to Bettino Craxi , the former Italian prime minister -LRB- and Berlusconi 's political mentor -RRB- , who fled the country in 1994 to avoid conviction on corruption charges .
But rarely has a Western country 's foreign policy been so exposed to its prime minister 's private interests .
With elections for a constitutional assembly due to take place on October 23 , the country that ignited the `` Arab Awakening '' is emerging as a regional paradigm for a stable democratic transition .
And , notwithstanding serious inequalities between Tunisia 's littoral and inland areas , this small country of 10 million people is , according to the World Bank , an upper-middle-income economy .
For all of the previous regime 's misdeeds , Tunisians are proud of their country 's liberal institutions , such as women 's rights and a progressive family code , adopted in 1956 .
In what is arguably the most striking change since the fall of Ben Ali , Tunisia has witnessed the swift rise of an Islamist movement that was banned from the country for decades .
The party 's imposing headquarters in the suburbs of Tunis symbolize its position as the most effective political operation in the country by far .
If Islamists are to be brought into the democratic fold and encouraged to move towards the political mainstream by getting their hands dirty in the give-and-take of day-to-day politics , then Tunisia may be the right place to try it .
Of course , a technocratic government is an anomaly to the extent that it constitutes a damning verdict on the performance of a country 's entire political class .
After decades of autocracy , this vast archipelago of a country just concluded a presidential election that has solidified its transition to democracy .
ASEAN 's New Approach to Myanmar NEW YORK -- The recent decision by Myanmar 's government to sentence pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi to a further 18 months ' house arrest shows how difficult it is to deal with that country 's ruling generals .
This may not seem like much of a concession . But the junta seems to be trying to cause less offense .
In fact , whereas economic growth in Latin America is often perceived as being very unequal -- which explains the shift to the left -- recent United Nations data puts the region in first place among all developing-country areas .
Only one Latin American country -LRB- Haiti -RRB- appears in the group of low HDI countries , while the rest are in the medium and high HDI groups .
ABIDJAN -- On December 2 , Côte d'Ivoire 's Independent Electoral Commission -LRB- CEI -RRB- declared opposition leader Alassane Ouattara the winner of the country 's November presidential election with 54.1 % of the vote .
One day after the result was announced , the country 's Constitutional Council , led by Gbagbo 's close ally Paul Yao N'Dre , annulled the results from seven departments in the north , declaring Gbagbo the winner of the election with 51 % of the vote .
It can begin by creating greater opportunities for US firms -- including from the nuclear industry -- to invest in India 's economic success .
With the sole exception of Zimbabwe , no leading politician in any post-imperial country has made a notable speech in recent years attacking colonialism .
In Zimbabwe , colonial land ownership patterns that gave most of the viable farmland to white settlers are at least one root of the country 's current crisis .
Eyeball to Eyeball at the Top of the World NEW DELHI - -- When a foreign minister goes out of his way to assure reporters that there is no tension on his country 's borders with a powerful neighbor , the logical tendency is to wonder whether `` the lady doth protest too much . ''
After all , you do n't hear Canada 's foreign minister denying tension on his country 's American frontier , because the truth of that proposition is self-evident .
But none of us can deny the attraction of the flags under which those athletes compete , the anthem that is played for the winners , and , ultimately , that impossible-to-ignore , regularly-updated medal tally , listing the gold , silver , and bronze medals awarded to each country , the Games ' real honor roll .
She was unjustly denied a Miss World title in 1992 because of her answer to the final-round question , `` What is the first thing you would do if you became the ruler of your country ? ''
We are a developing country , it is said ; after all , it is not just your eye against his , your legs against hers , but what you can do against their trainer , their running shoe , their ergodynamic costume , their titanium archer 's bow .
Indian genes in a developing country did not prevent Vijay Singh emerging from Fiji to rival Tiger Woods as the best golfer in the world .
A long-time advocate of global nuclear disarmament , India 's moral stand on the NPT enjoys near-unanimous backing within the country .
Yoga clinics are rampant across the country , Indian restaurants are mushrooming in the remotest exurbs , and Bollywood DVDs have found unlikely American fans .
The agreement will not transform India 's energy situation overnight , or end the country 's dependence on expensive fuel imports .
Could a member of a beleaguered minority transcend the circumstances of his birth to lead his or her country ?
Indeed , India 's last general election , in 2004 , was won by a woman of Italian heritage and Roman Catholic faith -LRB- Sonia Gandhi -RRB- who made way for a Sikh -LRB- Manmohan Singh -RRB- to be sworn in as Prime Minister by a Muslim -LRB- President Abdul Kalam -RRB- in a country that is 81 % Hindu . Not only could it happen here , Indians say , it already has .
Only when a Dalit rules India can the country truly be said to have attained its own `` Obama moment . ''
Deep and sustained anger across the country -- at its demonstrated vulnerability to terror and at the multiple institutional failures that allowed such loss of life -- has prompted the resignations of the Home Minister in the national government and the Chief Minister and his Deputy in the state of Maharashtra , of which Mumbai is the capital .
The interrogation of the one surviving terrorist , and evidence from satellite telephone intercepts and other intelligence , has led to an emerging international consensus that the attacks were masterminded by the Wahhabi-inspired Lashkar-e-Taiba , a terrorist group once patronized , protected and trained by Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence -LRB- ISI -RRB- as a useful instrument in their country 's proxy war against India in Kashmir .
Israel is a small country living in a permanent state of siege , highly security-conscious and surrounded by forces hostile to it ; India is a giant country whose borders are notoriously permeable , an open society known for its lax and easy-going ways .
Terrorism has taken more lives in India than in any country in the world after Iraq , and yet , unlike Israel , India has seemed unable to do anything about it .
And , at the end of the day , one chilling fact would prevent India from thinking that it could use Israel 's playbook : the country that condones , if not foments , the terror attacks on India is a nuclear power .
This year , the country 's attention has been riveted by the surprise Oscar winning best picture , Slumdog Millionaire -- set in India , with Indian characters , Indian actors and Indian themes -- which was nominated in ten categories .
This being India , the film -- which is just beginning its cinematic release in the country , months after it hit Western screens -- has also provoked dissent .
For more than four decades after Independence in 1947 , India suffered from the economics of nationalism , which equated political independence with economic self-sufficiency and so relegated the country to bureaucratic protectionism and stagnation .
Its tech-savvy information-technology pioneers , software engineers , and call-center operators have made the country an economic success story .
The country has visibly prospered , and , despite population growth , per capita income has grown faster than ever before .
The terrorists attacked India 's financial nerve-center and commercial capital , a city emblematic of the country 's energetic thrust into the twenty-first century .
India was also the first country to use an indelible stain on the voter 's fingernail to signify that he has already cast his ballot .
The Elephant 's Choices New Delhi -- A month after they first queued to vote in India 's mammoth general election , the country 's voters will learn the outcome on May 16 .
Coalition politics gives representation to the myriad interests that make up a diverse and complex society , and ensures that the country as a whole accepts the policies ultimately adopted .
The 2004 elections were won by the Congress party , led by a woman political leader of Roman Catholic faith and Italian descent -LRB- Sonia Gandhi -RRB- , who made way for a Sikh prime minister -LRB- Manmohan Singh -RRB- to be sworn by a Muslim -LRB- President Abdul Kalam -RRB- in a country that is 81 % Hindu .
But the ultimate reality will remain that of a coalition government trying to make progress in a contentious polity .
For one thing , there is n't another ocean on the planet that takes in Asia , Africa , and Oceania -LRB- and could embrace Europe , too , since the French department of Reunion , in the Indian Ocean , gives France observer status in IOR-ARC , and the French foreign ministry is considering seeking full membership -RRB- .
When I left India in 1975 for graduate studies in the United States , the country had roughly 600 million residents and just two million land-line telephones .
Today , India holds the world record for the number of cell phones sold in a month -- 20 million -- and for the most telephone connections made in a single month in any country in the history of telecommunications .
India relies on external trade for about 20 % of its GDP -LRB- the figure for China is roughly double -RRB- . The country 's large and robust internal market accounts for the rest .
The country 's infrastructure remains woeful , as any visitor flying into an Indian airport notices .
Developed country tariffs on imports of agricultural products , textiles , and clothing -- the principal exports of most developing countries -- remained between 5 % and 8 % in 2008 , just 2-3 percentage points lower than in 1998 .
Many countries are prevented from trading their way out of poverty by the high tariff barriers , domestic subsidies , and other protections enjoyed by their rich-country competitors .
For decades after independence , Indian governments guaranteed Muslims ' security in a secular state , permitting the retention of Islamic `` personal law '' separate from the country 's civil code and even subsidizing pilgrimages to Mecca .
NEW DELHI -- As stage-managed elections ratify the consequences of three decades of military rule in Burma , the perspective from its neighbor India may help explain why there is continued international acceptance of the country 's long-ruling junta .
All this was troubling enough to Indian policymakers , who were being painfully reminded of the country 's vulnerability to a determined neighbor .
When Pakistan 's President , Pervez Musharraf traveled to Myanmar to celebrate his country 's new relationship with his fellow generals , India 's Foreign Minister Jaswant Singh soon followed .
India also sent its minister for oil to negotiate an energy deal , making it clear that the country 's real priorities lay with its own national economic interests , ahead of its solidarity with Burmese democrats .
NEW DELHI -- Indian diplomacy began 2011 with election to the chair of the United Nations Counter-Terrorism Committee , a body of some importance to the country -LRB- and one which many thought India might not be asked to lead , given its strong feelings on the issue -RRB- .
India is the only country that belongs to all four .
A country whose very survival seemed in doubt at its founding offers striking lessons in constructing , against all odds , a working democracy .
No other country embraces such an extraordinary profusion of ethnic groups , mutually incomprehensible languages , religions , and cultural practices , as well as variations of topography , climate , and levels of economic development .
In 1947 , India 's leaders faced a country with a million dead , 13 million displaced , billions of rupees worth of property damage , and the wounds of sectarian violence still bleeding .
Given this , and the challenges of administering a new country , integrating the `` princely states '' into the Indian Union , and reorganizing the divided armed forces , they could have been forgiven for demanding dictatorial powers .
As prime minister , Nehru carefully nurtured the country 's infant democratic institutions by showing them respect , even deference .
Three years ago , India , a country that is 81 % Hindu , saw a Roman Catholic political leader -LRB- Sonia Gandhi -RRB- make way for a Sikh -LRB- Manmohan Singh -RRB- , who was sworn in by a Muslim -LRB- President Abdul Kalam -RRB- .
That idea has knit together a country that many thought would not survive , and whose 60th birthday is therefore well worth celebrating .
It is on course to overtake China as the world 's most populous country by 2034 , it has the world 's fourth-largest army and nuclear weapons , and it is already the world 's fifth-largest economy in terms of purchasing power parity and continues to climb , though too many of its people remain destitute .
All of these indicators are commonly used to judge a country 's global status .
It comes from one simple fact : do n't try to telephone an Afghan at 8:30 in the evening . That 's when the Indian TV soap opera `` Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi '' , dubbed into Dari , is telecast on Tolo TV , and no one wishes to miss it .
And there 's the international spin-off of India just being itself . India 's remarkable pluralism was on display after national elections in May 2004 , when a leader with a Roman Catholic background -LRB- Sonia Gandhi -RRB- made way for a Sikh -LRB- Manmohan Singh -RRB- to be sworn in as Prime Minister by a Muslim -LRB- President Abdul Kalam -RRB- -- in a country that is 81 % Hindu .
India 's Dalai Dilemma As the world reacts to China 's crackdown in Tibet , one country is conspicuous by both its centrality to the drama and its reticence over it .
India 's government has attempted to draw a distinction between its humanitarian obligations as an asylum country and its political responsibilities as a friend of China .
He is the most recognized worldwide symbol of a country that he has not seen for nearly five decades .
When China summoned India 's ambassador in Beijing to the foreign ministry at 2 a.m. for a dressing-down over the Tibetan protests in New Delhi , India meekly acquiesced in the insult .
The opposition Bharatiya Janata Party -LRB- BJP , which led the previous government -RRB- has criticized the current administration for not `` expressing concern over the use of force by the Chinese government '' and instead `` adopting a policy of appeasement towards China with scant regard to the country 's national honor and foreign policy independence . ''
In no other country does a sport so often command the front pages of leading newspapers .
India has become the most influential country in the sport 's governing body , the International Cricket Council , which has moved its headquarters from London to Dubai , which has no cricketing tradition but is closer to the sport 's new fulcrum in South Asia .
A country where a majority of the population still consults astrologers can well appreciate a sport in which an ill-timed cloudburst , a badly prepared pitch , a lost toss , or the sun in the eyes of a fielder can transform a game 's outcome .
But now cricket is followed by the masses all over the country .
Possibly the biggest obstacle to more effective treatment is that the diagnostic category `` major depression '' is so heterogeneous as to be outright unhelpful when trying to decide on a therapeutic plan for an individual patient .
A much more important uncertainty is whether the chronic course of major depression treated in psychiatry is similar in primary care .
Much can be learned from each country 's experience and from that of smaller EU member states , but labor market reforms inevitably have a strong national flavor .
Much of the explanation lies in the very heterogeneity of services and the greater difficulties that mutual recognition , or the `` country-of-origin principle '' -- essential in the integration of product markets -- implies for services .
These attacks overlooked the fact that the directive makes employment conditions of workers from other EU-member states subject in most respects to host-country rules .
A revised version of the directive that reduces its sectoral scope and makes a number of compromises with the country-of-origin principle is now before the European Parliament .
After all , the demonstrations by millions of people to demand an end to the rule of President Hosni Mubarak and his National Democratic Party -LRB- NDP -RRB- are not an unprecedented phenomenon in the country .
The trade balance is seen as a country 's `` bottom line , '' as if countries were firms .
A dogmatic target of budgetary balance four years hence , irrespective of a country 's position in the economic cycle , would achieve little : targets are meaningless if they are impossible to implement .
If a country deviated from its fiscal targets , it would be barred from borrowing additional funds at the risk-free interest rate .
Alternatively , a new EU financial regulator could handicap own-country bonds by requiring banks holding them to set aside more capital .
But the IAEA has no authority to determine whether or not a country has a nuclear weapons program .
In Hungary , for example , foreign-currency lending amounted to 34 % of the country 's GDP at the end of June 2008 .
International solutions are critical to prevent cross-border `` regulatory arbitrage '' -- for example , the circumvention of host-country regulation by borrowing directly from the parent bank .
Recognizing this , in December 2005 the New York City Board of Health mandated the laboratory reporting of test results for glycosylated hemoglobin -LRB- HbA1c -RRB- -- a biomarker for diabetes and a key indicator of blood glucose control -- thereby creating the world 's first population-based diabetes registry .
Beyond these population-based surveillance functions , the registry was able to support patient care by ensuring that individual health-care providers and patients were made aware of elevated or rising HbA1c levels .
In 2009 , Thomas Frieden and colleagues from the New York City Board of Health reviewed the registry 's first four years of operation and concluded that it was performing well .
Other commentators , however , have criticized the registry for potentially compromising patient confidentiality and privacy , and even for disrupting the relationship between patients and their doctors .
While these criticisms may or may not be justified , it is probably true to say that the New York City diabetes registry , though highly innovative , is at best an interim solution .
Any diagnosis of diabetes , or subsequent monitoring of disease progression , requires a medical consultation and hence an entry into the patient record -- and so into the practice 's patient-management information system .
The title he gave to his version of the facts , after trying out `` Hiroshima as a victimization '' -LRB- the Japanese point of view -RRB- and `` Hiroshima as a triumph '' -LRB- the American point of view -RRB- , was `` Hiroshima as a tragedy . ''
Everyone is the product of several cultures , even if one has never left his home country , because culture is not only national .
As far back as you can go in the history of a country like France , you will find meetings between different tribes and ethnic groups , and thus different cultures : Gallics , Franks , Romans , and many others .
But , while some cultures are proud of their plurality , others try to hide it .
Between 2000 and 2005 , Washington paid out nearly $ 4 billion to Colombia , with approximately 75 % of the total going to the military and the police , and increased its presence in the country with 800 soldiers and 600 private security contractors .
The US continues to pressure Peru 's government to shoot down planes supposedly linked to drug trafficking , and is trying to convince Evo Morales 's new government in Bolivia to continue a failed `` war on drugs . ''
The country stands before two distinct paths : uncontrolled and protracted civil violence , political crisis , and institutional collapse , or short-term tension , medium-term accommodation , and long-term stability .
High global commodity prices have helped all the country 's major economic sectors : mining business in the west , agro-industrial production and hydrocarbon projects in the east , and further oil and gas development in the south .
But , while the relative power of Bolivia 's diverse regions is increasing , none can survive alone or veto the actions of highly mobilized zones of the country .
The recently established `` Group of Friends '' -LRB- Argentina , Brazil , and Colombia -RRB- is trying to promote confidence-building and conflict-prevention measures .
For example , Ecuador , despite its `` dollarized '' economy and dependence on oil exports to the US , is now curtailing the US military 's use of its Manta Base . Nicaragua was the first country in the Western Hemisphere to recognize the independence of Abkhazia and South Ossetia following last summer 's Russian invasion of Georgia .
President Fernando Lugo of Paraguay -LRB- the first non-Colorado party head of state in six decades -RRB- named Alejandro Hamed Franco to the Foreign Ministry .
All of Latin America and the Caribbean are demanding an end to the US embargo of Cuba and are enthusiastic about that country 's return to the Organization of American States .
In 1919 , the first edition of Democratic Caesarism , by the Venezuelan historian and sociologist Laureano Vallenilla Lanz , was published and widely circulated across the continent . Vallenilla claimed to be seeking an effective -LRB- as opposed to the formal -RRB- constitutional system for his country .
In Colombia , Álvaro Uribe -LRB- 2002-2006 , 2006-2010 -RRB- , in power since 2002 , got his chance for a first re-election in 2006 through a questionable constitutional reform , and appears set to try for a third term by forcing a referendum to amend the constitution again .
Before having completed a year in office , Fernando Lugo , President of Paraguay , declared himself in favor of presidential re-election , currently prohibited in his country .
The coup d'état that brought down President Manuel Zelaya in Honduras , for example , made that country the first case of successful neo-putschism in Central America in the twenty-first century .
The armed forces ' role in fighting narcotics -- which has been ineffective in every country where it has been tried -- is encouraged by a coercive , misguided , bipartisan US strategy .
Although Uribe is now technically a `` lame duck '' president , he does retain considerable influence , and is trying hard to keep the issue of internal security -- the central focus of his presidency -- at the heart of the electoral battle .
He has also sought to benefit from ratcheting up tensions with neighboring Venezuela , and counts on his dauphin , former Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos , to unite the country 's right-wing forces in order to ensure continuity with his policies .
Indeed , this yearning for change is why Mockus , the son of Lithuanian immigrants , may reach the presidency in a country that experienced only a scant influx of foreigners in the twentieth century .
Three issues will hold his attention initially : the potent mafia subculture that has arisen over the last decade , the need to redirect a development model marked by extensive inequality , and avoidance of isolation and overreaction in the country 's foreign relations .
As long as the `` war on drugs '' remains good business not only for traffickers and money launderers , but also for developed countries ' arms industry , the flood of weapons in the region will continue to fuel violence -- including extreme manifestations against women -- and weaken the judicial system .
This variation of the genome is exceptionally common , present in 30 % of individuals of European ancestry and more than 50 % of those of Asian ancestry .
Absentee agriculture also bolsters national pride -- and pride in traditional diets -- by specializing in vegetables specific to the region . `` For too long our country has been flooded with imported food and Westernized foods , '' Wangari says .
In Uganda , Vice President Gilbert Bukenya routinely travels the country , promoting higher-value farming , such as dairy production .
Perhaps the most visible political support for absentee agriculture is in Liberia , a small West African country where civil war destroyed agriculture , rendering the population dependent on food imports , even today .
Nevertheless , most people living in Africa 's cities have access to land in the countryside , which is why Liberia 's government rightly highlights the potential for farm expansion .
And , in 1999 , the US hosted and won its second women 's World Cup , leading to a women 's soccer revolution in the country .
NAIROBI -- At long last , Kenya is getting a new constitution , something that had eluded our country for decades , even though almost everyone knew that one was needed .
That the referendum on the new constitution was voted upon so peacefully -- only a few short years since my country was wracked by a violently disputed presidential election -- is also worthy of celebration .
By 2004 , the constitutional review process had broken down , owing to major disagreements between Kibaki 's camp in the coalition government , and the rest of the country .
The failure to agree on a new constitution fractured the coalition government and divided the country .
By 2007 , when Kibaki was up for re-election , Kenyans were far less optimistic about their country 's future than when he took office .
The country exploded into ethnic violence , leading to the deaths of more than 1,000 people and the displacement of hundreds of thousands more .
We seem to have thought that the mere act of ratifying a new basic law would instantly end our country 's many problems .
But Kenyans must not let themselves get too carried away by this political victory ; our country will not change at the stroke of a pen .
NAIROBI - In Kenya , my home country , there is a popular saying that when two elephants fight , it 's the grass that suffers .
Following the end of the Rwandan genocide , the heavy burden of rebuilding a devastated society was borne by the country 's women .
Meles Zenawi , who hosted the summit , has ruled Ethiopia for nearly 20 years and has convinced no one outside his circle of cronies that his country 's elections have been free and fair .
Suppose that the vulnerabilities piling up in the US mortgage market -- right under the IMF 's Washington-headquartered nose -- had taken place in a developing country .
The more money a country puts in , the more influence it has .
This would make emerging markets and developing country members regard reserve accumulation as expensive and extravagant , thereby helping to liberate those resources to help the world economy overcome today 's crisis .
Russia 's leaders clearly recognize the country 's true current condition , so they accept the need to concentrate on vital interests .
Putin is shooting back , accusing the West of trying to weaken and dismember Russia .
Putin himself once blamed the West for trying to channel Muslim radicalism toward Russia .
With so much being written about Putin 's Russia , the rest of the country is often overlooked .
As for the West , it is fruitless to try to bring Putin and his team back to democracy , where Russia does not belong , or to punish Russia with sanctions , which wo n't work .
In May , an apparently genuine internal Foreign Ministry document made it clear that the Kremlin now prioritizes relations with America and Europe .
The country 's backwardness vis-à-vis not only the West , but also some of the emerging powers drives home the need to modernize Russia 's technological base .
Rather than behaving like an empire secretly trying to re-invent itself , Russia has an opportunity to become a regional leader .
In the countryside , people watched political slide shows late into the night .
He will most likely nominate himself during the 2008 presidential election campaign , even if the Kremlin nominates another successor , although naturally he will try to ensure that he is anointed .
Since reunification with our motherland , we have the added safeguard of the Basic Law , which gives effect to the principles of `` one country , two systems '' and `` Hong Kong 's people running Hong Kong with a high degree of autonomy . ''
And in Belarus , Europe 's last dictatorship , collective farming was never undone , and a former collective farm director , Aleksandr Lukashenko , runs the country .
HARARE : Before Zimbabwe 's Presidential election earlier this month , I believed that if the election were not handled properly , there would be serious fallout in the country and throughout Southern Africa .
This intimidation and violence meant that my party , the Movement for Democratic Change -LRB- MDC -RRB- could not reach the electorate in large parts of the countryside .
Who could have thought that , given the chaotic Russia of the 1990 's , only ten years later it would be in the position to bail out a developed country ?
According to Arkady Dvorkovich , an economic aide to President Dmitry Medvedev , the government will support -- both diplomatically and financially -- the expansion of Russian companies abroad .
Russia 's government just rolled out a $ 130 billion bailout plan for the country 's banking system ; as a percentage of GDP this would be equivalent to about $ 1.3 trillion in the US -- almost double the Paulson plan .
This was not only economically foolish -LRB- as with many other import-competing sectors , the automotive industry will certainly be protected by the weakening ruble -RRB- , but also politically dangerous .
The resource curse means , of course , that Russian elites will prefer to postpone restructuring the economy and modernizing the country 's political and economic institutions .
MOSCOW -- In recent days , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev has moved against some of the most powerful men in the Kremlin , including Igor Sechin , a deputy prime minister who is perhaps the closest figure to Prime Minister Vladimir Putin -- and who is also the chairman of Rosneft , Russia 's largest oil firm .
A decree signed by Medvedev with the stated purpose of improving the country 's investment climate will strip Sechin and others of their chairmanships of some of Russia 's biggest state-owned companies .
Medvedev has in the past recognized both the need to attract Russian and foreign investment and the country 's dismal investment climate .
Upon entry , they will become members of the European Central Bank , which means that the new members are expected to take active steps towards fulfilling the necessary conditions for future admission into the eurozone .
Even though actual enlargement of the eurozone remains in the relatively distant future - the earliest possible date being January 2007 - the accession countries must prepare their entry strategies well in advance .
The Policy Position expressed the ECB Governing Council 's stance on membership of the exchange rate mechanism -LRB- ERM II -RRB- , a key precondition for future eurozone entry .
There are many country-specific conditions , such as current economic performance , the monetary policy regime , and the fiscal stance .
There is thus no reason to caution them against fast eurozone accession or to force them to change their exchange rate regimes before entry .
So EU institutions are right to acknowledge currency boards as being consistent with the ERM II regime , even though they have at the same time reserved the discretion to assess each country on a case-by-case basis .
But in most cases , entry strategies have been set , serving as important stabilizers for financial markets and economic agents .
World-class design and brands already have a foothold in Europe , where creative industries are stronger that the car industry .
Perhaps the most urgent example is Europe 's moral leadership on climate change , which , supported through policies such as the Lisbon Strategy , should be translated into technical leadership and early entry into lucrative markets for low-carbon products .
This created a mutually reinforcing symbiosis between the old mass media and old mass political movements , one hostile to the entry of new players .
Because they are only human , they will tend implicitly to support -- or at least not aggressively challenge -- the conventional wisdom that serves the industry 's interests , however rigorously independent they are in their judgments concerning specific issues .
Regulators need to hire industry experts to regulate effectively ; but industry experts are almost bound to share the industry 's implicit assumptions .
Emerging estimates of the total fiscal costs of rescue vary by country , but are usually just a few percentage points of GDP .
Yet no nuclear-armed country currently appears to be preparing for a future without these terrifying devices .
Every dollar invested in bolstering a country 's nuclear arsenal is a diversion of resources from its schools , hospitals , and other social services , and a theft from the millions around the globe who go hungry or are denied access to basic medicines .
My own country , South Africa , gave up its nuclear arsenal in the 1990 's , realizing it was better off without these weapons .
Mugabe 's regime has systematically shut down independent media , attacked independent civil society organizations , denied visas to foreign journalists , and has arrested and beaten journalists who nevertheless enter the country .
If Ukrainians do give these politicians-bearing-gifts their votes , they may continue to receive gifts at the next election , but meanwhile the rulers will keep ruining the country and crippling our souls .
These crony capitalists argue that , if they are left alone to develop their assets , they will make the country prosperous .
As one who worked in the gas industry before entering politics , I know that the gas trade in the countries of the former Soviet Union is riddled with corruption .
Centuries of being part of the Russian and Soviet empires have , in different ways , shaped how Ukrainians view their country and its interests .
Like any country , Ukraine 's relations with the world are determined by four interlocking factors : history , patriotism , national interests , and geography .
True , Ukrainians rightly feel like citizens of a normal , independent country , and want to be treated that way .
We are a normal country with an abnormal history .
The alternatives -- for my country , for Russia , and for Europe -- are clear .
Of the three leading electoral coalitions that are challenging each other , the forces that supported the Orange Revolution seek a modern and democratic future for our country .
Some say we should not worry , that democracy and the market are now too well established in Ukraine to be replaced ; that reform is irreversible ; and that the country 's ruling oligarchic clans , like those of Eastern Europe , will in time become law-abiding capitalists .
We will fight for essential reforms to bring the country in line with European norms .
Europe 's leaders should engage in frank discussions about where European and Russian interests converge or differ , and these discussions should include regional neighbors that are both producer and transit nations , like my own country , Ukraine .
With President Putin recently completing a Middle East tour to flex Russia 's diplomatic muscles and sell arms , now is a good moment to assess his country 's influence in the region .
Russia trades heavily with Iran , which is another reason it is wary of sanctions on that country .
But diversification is also needed in that country 's politics , because the only opposition that has any strength in the country is worryingly Islamic fundamentalist .
Ukraine 's Democratic Choice Suddenly , Ukraine faces another stark choice : dismiss the government and parliament and hold new elections , or see the country 's independence surrendered bit by bit .
A country that emerged so recently from one period of dictatorship is unlikely to volunteer for another at the hands of a man who sought to falsify the presidential election of 2004 .
It is natural , as is demonstrated by the huge majority -- even among the Russian minority -- that continues to support the country 's independence .
As a result , something remarkable for a former Soviet country informs the habits of those who are demanding that their liberties be preserved : a deep respect for the rule of law , which is the ultimate check on abuse of power .
After initially trying to delay reunification , France embraced it , in exchange for Germany 's reaffirming its commitment to European unity and Franco-German leadership of the European community .
For it is in no European country 's interest , or in the interest of the EU as a whole , that Central and Eastern Europe feel that they have been cast adrift or that Germany and Russia fixate on each other in this time of crisis .
As with Germany in the 1950 's , the nature of Russia 's links with its immediate neighbors is turning out to be the defining factor in shaping the country 's international image .
But keeping Russia at arm 's length from Europe has only strengthened the sense of isolation that many Russians feel , tempting them to define the country 's interests in ways that are irreconcilable with those of Europe .
I do not ask for these things out of a narrow concern for my country 's health .
Ukraine 's fate matters because the country plays an important role in how the countries of the former Soviet Union are perceived .
A weak , poor Ukraine will always be in danger of whetting the appetites of Russia 's unvanquished nationalists , thus undermining President Putin 's efforts to make Russia a normal European country .
Moreover , under President Kuchma , the country is unable to respond to the West 's strategic interests in Ukraine with practical signs of cooperation .
The West 's readiness to bail the country out has been stretched to the limit .
Indeed , as my country , Ukraine , is now demonstrating , after revolutionary euphoria fades and normality returns , democratic revolutions can be betrayed and reversed .
Six years after our Orange Revolution , not only is my country 's democracy under threat , but the rule of law is being systematically perverted and our national independence bartered away .
So the more power is concentrated at the center , the more it becomes possible for anti-democratic forces to gain -- or regain -- control over a country .
For the state official who turns his back on suffering , his country 's citizens lack consequence .
The Ukraine president is authorized to appoint and sack the prime minister , dissolve parliament if he wishes , and rule by decree if he judges that the country 's institutions are in danger .
People too easily forget Ukraine , this big country on the border of the soon-to-be enlarged European Union .
With EU expansion coming next spring , all Ukrainians fear that a new wall will cut their country off from the Union 's easternmost border in Poland .
But these should be made conditional on Kuchma leaving the country 's constitution and democracy alone .
After all , it hesitated little a few years ago to put a current member state , Austria , on notice that it was watching out for the welfare of that country 's democracy .
By the end of this year , the EU is to decide whether to open membership talks with Turkey - a country that is not only poor and big , but Muslim .
If the EU is to talk about membership with Turkey , there is no legitimate reason for keeping out my country , Ukraine ?
Preparations for EU entry strongly motivated the eight former communist Central European states to entrench or restore democratic institutions and market economies .
A country equipped to join the EU is a country equipped to make its way in the world peacefully , if it chooses to do so . Europe needs such countries on its border .
One of the Union 's fundamental principles is that there should be freedom to move from one member country to another .
Now , more than ever , we must believe this , for Russian troops wearing Ukrainian uniforms have entered our country , because Ukrainian soldiers are refusing to carry out orders to crush those who are demonstrating to defend our democracy .
The forces of Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovich foolishly stuffed ballots and intimidated the country 's electoral commission to an absurd degree .
It will try to erode our support by infiltrating our protests with loyalists who will carry the virus of defeatism , and it will seek to outflank us by appealing to ordinary , hard-working Ukrainians , worried about feeding and clothing their children , that a tottering economy needs stability to be saved .
It will try to divide the country between Russian and Ukrainian speakers .
By refusing to leave the streets and squares of Kyiv , Ukraine 's mass volunteer army of democrats forced our country 's gray old men of the past to retreat into the past .
We have shouted it from every platform in the country : end corruption and abuse of power for personal and partisan gain .
The first is repairing our country 's unity .
Sweden 's Lessons for Managing Financial Crisis STOCKHOLM -- Although Sweden is a small country , its experiences managing its financial crisis of the early 1990 's may provide valuable lessons for others .
Although the bigger EU countries have embarked on a policy to protect their industries as long as the crisis continues , they will doubtless be unsuccessful , because no country can ultimately halt structural adjustment by offering subsidies .
In 2006 alone , China added about 93,000 megawatts of coal - fired electricity generating capacity , and this trend is expected to continue as the country tries to meet its huge energy needs .
The demand outlook thus appears favorable for the coal industry , creating significant investment opportunities .
Indeed , Turkey 's leaders are downgrading the importance of `` hard power '' security issues in favor of enhancing the country 's soft power while also grasping economic opportunities .
A primary consequence of this `` de-securitization '' of Turkish foreign policy has been an altered balance of power between the country 's military and civilian establishments .
Sweden , for example , invests more than any other European country in this area -- well above the EU target of 3 % of GDP .
This is all the more remarkable insofar as the principle of competition on which it relies has taken root in a country where competition within the area of public services has not generally been accepted .
Much innovation occurs at the local level , as major cities develop links with industry to reduce local emissions .
But the Blueprints scenario will be realized only if policymakers agree on a global approach to emissions trading and actively promote energy efficiency and new technology in four sectors : heat and power generation , industry , transport , and buildings .
At first glance , the almost constant bombardment of integration proposals in Latin America makes it appear as if the region 's presidents are trying to outdo each other in seeing who can come up with the greatest number of proposals .
But it is unlikely that Egypt 's huge -LRB- mostly conscript -RRB- army will engage in massive , violent repression , which would be unprecedented in that country .
Fear of the Muslim Brotherhood , which is only marginally involved in an uprising that it did not initiate and has no hope of controlling , is no excuse for trying to save a failing regime .
Bush 's Dying Days in Gaza PARIS -- During a visit to the Middle East , Secretary of Defense Robert Gates warned that enemies of the United States should not use the power vacuum there to try to alter the status quo or to undermine the new American president 's objectives .
Now it is trying to do the same in Gaza .
This is the country that scholars study when they want to understand financial crises .
The country 's largest such crisis , in 2001 , brought down the local banking system and caused the Argentine government to default on its debts .
Capital is flowing out of the country , and official reserves are slowly being depleted .
Their failure plunged the country into its deepest political and financial crisis in decades .
The country had not reformed previously - the theory went - because it did not need to .
Without an inflationary cushion labor markets would have to be modernized , and peso wages would fall to the point were the country could compete internationally .
Like many things in that country , it was imported from Europe .
The weakest link was the fiscal regime tying the federal government and the rest of the country together , which remained discretional and full of loopholes .
Innocent Bystanders SANTIAGO -- Take a taxi in São Paulo nowadays and you will experience the maddening traffic and untidy streets of an emerging-country metropolis .
Many emerging-country exporters , struggling to retain customers in the wobbly US and European markets , feel otherwise .
And sensible people in many emerging-country capitals are wondering whether we have crossed that line .
If rich-country central banks can buy long term bonds , then emerging-country central banks can buy dollar-denominated bonds .
This is a welcome contrast to the options considered so far , all of which involved -- under different guises -- foisting more debt onto a country that has too much of it already .
Greek public debt today stands at nearly 160 % of the country 's official GDP .
A coalition of the willing that intervenes in an Arab country can not be composed only of European powers and the US . Agreement from the Arab League was vital , as was securing a vote in the United Nations Security Council .
The European External Action Service -LRB- which serves as the EU 's foreign ministry and diplomatic corps -RRB- is a work in progress , and the divisions between member states have affected High Representative Catherine Ashton 's ability to speak for Europe on Libya .
Indeed , India 's non-oil trade with West Africa currently stands at more than $ 3 billion and is rising fast , accounting for 1.2 % of the country 's total foreign trade .
Until 2003 , the Indian Foreign Ministry had a single Africa division ; it now has three : West and Central Africa , East and Southern Africa , and West Asia and North Africa .
A study by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry identified five main sectors that can act as `` engines of growth '' to boost Indo-Africa trade : pharmaceuticals and the health sector , information technology , water management , food processing , and education .
The bubble is inflated further by the asymmetry between those who bet that prices will rise and buy , and those who forecast a fall , but stay out because to sell short is too costly .
For example , Lloyds TSB took over the troubled HBOS , Britain 's largest mortgage lender , in a merger opposed by the country 's Office of Fair Trading , whereas it was barred from taking over Abbey National bank in 2001 .
Not only in banking , but in other sectors as well -- with automakers at the forefront -- massive subsidies are keeping inefficient incumbents in place , limiting the growth of efficient firms or , perhaps even worse , preventing market entry by new firms .
In the European Union , national governments maneuver in a subsidy race to shift the costs of capacity adjustment in the car industry to neighbors , as the case of Opel shows .
Indeed , the influence of the US investment-banking industry 's lobbying efforts on the relaxation of prudential standards in financial regulation is widely recognized as a factor leading to the current crisis .
And many would argue that the industry has had a substantial impact on the measures to resolve the crisis itself .
But if banks ' market power increases due to barriers to entry , consumers and investors will suffer .
Idiots who try to do things honestly drown in bureaucratic minutia .
The best brains in Russia -- engineers , scientists , and inventors -- will gather in one place , and from there begin moving the country forward .
He has achieved prominence in a foreign country , inventing something outstanding .
Similarly , in a country where the concepts of democracy and freedom are balanced by `` but , '' achievements in science , technology , and economy are not possible .
Indeed , certain aspects of the host-country environment may contribute to radicalization .
While external factors also play a major role , Muslim attitudes toward their host country are strongly influenced by the perception that Muslims are subjected to humiliation and oppression .
Psychiatry 's Conceptual Malpractice
Psychiatry 's Conceptual Malpractice NEW YORK -- The American Psychiatric Association 's recent proposed changes to its official diagnostic manual -- the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders -LRB- `` DSM '' -RRB- , often called the `` bible of psychiatry '' -- may discredit psychiatric diagnosis more than improve it .
The current symptom-based diagnostic system was developed partly to answer criticism that psychiatry is just social control of undesirable behavior dressed up as medicine .
Del Ponte , whose term expires at the end of the year , has just returned from Belgrade , where she sought again to try to facilitate the arrest of Karadzic and Mladic .
Now the World Food Program fears that another famine is looming -- the country 's agricultural output will likely fall to 1.8 million tons of grain , far short of the 4.8 million tons needed to supply the meager ration of 7ounces a day -LRB- half the daily allowance for those in UN refugee camps -RRB- ordinary North Koreans receive .
The main contribution of the zones was to experiment with market forces in a limited , and therefore politically acceptable , way before applying their lessons across the country .
Few North Koreans are permitted to visit Pyongyang , their country 's capital , whereas millions of Chinese travel and study abroad each year .
Migrants from struggling countries in Latin America , Southeast Asia , and other regions are increasingly securing jobs at wages that , while low by rich country standards , are far higher than they could dream of back home .
Such remittances enabled thousands of Jamaicans , for example , to recover from the devastation of Hurricane Gilbert in 1988 , when storm damage was estimated at more than one-quarter of the country 's annual GDP and nearly three households in four reported damage .
In contrast , it might be more difficult for a migrant in a distant country to assess the extent to which family members back home , knowing that they can always rely on the remittances , are responsible for other forms of income loss .
Consider the telecommunications industry in developing countries more generally .
The same story is true in poor countries around the world : telephone penetration remained stubbornly stagnant in developing nations until they allowed competitive entry-primarily in the form of mobile telephony-in the 1990 's .
Countries that regulate entry by new ISPs in this way have fewer Internet users per capita , regardless of national income and general development of the telecommunications network .
A regulatory framework friendly to entry by ISPs and other companies relevant to the technological infrastructure will do a lot more to bring developing countries into the 21st century than donations ever will .
Although China is not the only country to enjoy such long-term growth -LRB- post-WWII Japan and South Korea are other cases -RRB- , it is something of a miracle that a once-poor country with one-fifth of the world 's population could achieve such sustained development .
Fourth , increased investment in the country 's social safety net includes not only universal health and social insurance , but also expanded housing subsidies .
Currently , ordinary Chinese still believe that their country 's economic growth remains high , and China 's leaders continue to enjoy high approval ratings because of widespread belief in their abilities and dedication .
But his long rule in his country -- which ends November 1 -- amounts to much more than intemperate remarks , as Wang Gungwu , one of Southeast Asia 's leading strategic analysts , suggests .
Today 's gleaming , modern Malaysia is unimaginable without Mahathir and UMNO , which also produced Tunku Abdul Rahman , the country 's first prime minister .
But they also recognized that the country 's sizable , and economically powerful , Chinese and Indian minorities , among other groups , were critical to the country 's development and should be persuaded to accept the new Malay-led state as their own .
By 1997 , Mahathir was at the pinnacle of his power , inspiring the country to believe that it would not be long before all of the country 's communities would see themselves as sharing a common Malay nationality .
Anwar 's arrest and trial stunned the country , but Mahathir surprised few Malays -- either allies or opponents -- by restoring his authority so thoroughly following the crisis that he was able to handpick Abdullah Badawi as his successor .
In the face of a world frightened by Islam , Mahathir was able to affirm a neglected facet of his leadership , repeatedly reminding the world that he presided over the one country in the world where a Muslim majority and large non-Muslim minorities live in peace .
Having overcome the inertia of communal suspicions and dynastic traditions , Mahathir was able to drive the country onto a course of rapid industrialization .
Having studied for his medical degree in Singapore , he appreciated the country 's commitment to modernity .
But the goal is still to build a Malaysia where Malays will always lead non-Malay minorities in shaping the country 's future .
They are determined to limit Hindu Tamil power in Sri Lankan affairs and encourage the country 's leaders to make few concessions to Tamil autonomy .
Chinese spokesmen denounced this as a throwback to the days when America thought it could , and should , try to `` contain '' the People 's Republic .
A closer look reveals that President Hu Jintao 's words and deeds are often shaped by a mixture of insecurity and cockiness , and that Chinese officials alternate between playing up and playing down the country 's rise .
And yet , when news broke last month that China had officially replaced Japan as the world 's second-largest economy , instead of crowing about surpassing a longtime rival and having the top spot , held by the US , in its sights , the government issued statements emphasizing that theirs remains a `` poor , developing '' country .
At the same time , China really is still a `` poor '' country in terms of per capita income .
And parts of the country are more similar to sections of troubled `` developing '' countries than to China 's showplace cities .
When she mentioned the book 's title to American friends , they wondered why she used the modifier `` fragile , '' whereas Chinese friends said calling their country a `` superpower '' was premature .
For example , traditional businesses , from fabric wholesaling to banking and salt mining , evolved elaborate profit-sharing schemes among owners , partners , and employees as their business expanded over time or into chain outlets across the country .
This history and evolution matter in trying to understand today 's Chinese entrepreneurs .
Just 3 % make any private provision for retirement with a foreign bank , and only 1 % of retail customers take out a mortgage in another EU country .
What formalities must customers complete if they want to open an account in another EU country ?
Germany illustrates the problems that are created when a country 's banking sector is largely bypassed by the global trend toward consolidation .
This , too , is an insufficient explanation , for no country , not even North Korea , lives in a vacuum .
Clinton has described today 's major global challenge for her country as being the improvement of communication across borders and at all levels of society , evidently everywhere .
As Afghan President Hamid Karzai is said by his critics to be on the verge of casting his lot with Pakistan and the Taliban , the Pentagon has signaled its fear that the war may spread beyond the Pashtun heartland to the largely Tajik and Uzbek areas in the north of the country .
George Dangerfield 's controversial history , The Strange Death of Liberal England , describes his country 's sudden decline at the peak of its power at the turn of the last century .
Many Americans -- think of the Tea Party 's adherents , for example -- fear that something similar is happening to their own country .
Now that the US has at last begun to move , gradually and thoughtfully , away from the passions that characterized the country 's response to the 2001 terrorist attacks , it is worth asking if Bill Clinton was right to say that America 's virtues and assets always prevail against its vices and defects .
Americans do n't do this particularly well , however Byzantine their country 's own politics and policy-making may seem .
The UN Human Rights Committee has found that widespread and systematic human rights abuses extend throughout Sudan , not just Darfur . Foreign Policy magazine considers Sudan the country most at risk of state failure .
In order not to appear intimidated by Russia 's forceful dismemberment of Georgia , NATO governments have publicly reaffirmed their support for Georgia 's territorial integrity and the country 's desire to join NATO eventually .
In his speech in November to the Russian parliament on the state of nation , President Dmitry Medvedev warned that Russia would deploy short-range Iskander missiles in the Baltic Sea port of Kaliningrad `` to neutralize if necessary the anti-ballistic missile system in Europe . ''
In September and October , the country 's strategic forces engaged in their largest nuclear weapons-related exercises since the Soviet Union 's demise .
Unlike the Soviet Union , Russia is tightly integrated into the world economy , rendering the country vulnerable to the current global financial crisis .
Ending the country 's violence will require a government with both the legitimacy and capacity to tackle the underlying sources of the Taliban insurgency .
Much recent attention has focused on how NATO , Afghan , and Pakistani security forces can collaborate to defeat the insurgency and prevent the country from becoming a terrorist haven again .
Afghanistan 's long-term economic viability depends on the development of improved transportation , communication , and other networks to better integrate the country into the regional economy .
According to Perminov , the proposals that Roscosmos is considering do not envision trying to destroy the asteroid , but rather to use the laws of physics to change its path .
Perhaps every country should vote in the UN General Assembly on how to proceed ; the option receiving the most votes -- with a possible mandatory minimum requirement , such as requiring an alternative to win a majority or some higher number of votes -- would prevail .
Given the stakes , continuing to rely on proven approaches , even while trying to promote a world with fewer and safer nuclear weapons , is a judicious strategy .
In recent years , Taliban representatives , aware of widespread eagerness to end the country 's decades of fighting , have insisted that their political ambitions are confined to Afghanistan .
WASHINGTON , DC -- The recent visit by Dmitry Rogozin , Special Envoy of the Russian President for Missile-Defense Cooperation with NATO , to the US State Department highlights one of the many obstacles to Russian-US cooperation on ballistic missile defense -LRB- BMD -RRB- .
American officials stress that they will not try to negate Russia 's strategic deterrent -- an impossible effort , given the size and sophistication of Russian 's offensive nuclear forces .
The world is fascinated by China 's economic miracle , but it is much less interested in the costs associated with the country 's 8-9 % annual growth rate in the past 25 years .
Beyond the glamorous skyscrapers of Beijing , Shanghai , and other urban centers , the majority of Chinese who live in the countryside have gained little from the material progress of the past two decades .
Indeed , 25 years of reforms have changed nothing of China 's `` one country with two systems '' - a model that segregates China 's urban centers from its agricultural areas , with development of the former realized at the expense of the latter .
The biggest danger posed by that rather abrupt and harsh process of transformation is that , in trying to become open , a society risks disintegrating in the effort .
If , in future , every country continues to send at least one commissioner to Brussels , the process will grind to a crawl , if not a halt .
But the Union 's capacity to act as a union is now a pre-condition to securing each European country 's national interests . If the events of September 11
WASHINGTON , DC -- Egypt 's revolution toppled a dictator in February , but the country 's future as a stable , functioning democracy remains uncertain .
The starting point for the West in trying to assist Egypt 's transition must be recognition that patient , long-term engagement will be required .
It should , however , foster a culture of consultation with industry as a necessary dimension of legitimacy , which implies more transparent approaches to considering the market impact of proposed standards .
It is in the financial industry 's interest to support the development of these mechanisms as a means to address the competitive implications of divergent national regulation .
In fact , the authors may have got their analysis right , just for the wrong country .
Some 80 % of Latin American cocaine reaching the US passes through the country at some point .
Investigators from the US and Guatemala believe that the two biggest Mexican cartels , the Sinaloa and Gulf gangs , are spreading their tentacles across various departments ; the Gulf cartel 's notorious armed wing , Los Zetas , is held responsible for a spate of massacres in the country in the past year .
Comments in January that the country was helpless against an ` avalanche ' of drug-trafficking from the north were aimed at securing international support , but do little to inspire confidence in his leadership .
Moreover , the armed forces have become a shadow of their former self , and still have human rights legacies hanging over them from the country 's bitter civil war .
An article by the Center for Science in the Public Interest classified all available published placebo-controlled trials of SSRI 's in children and adolescents as industry-funded or non-industry funded .
The results showed that 90 % of industry-funded trials in the published literature were reported as positive , while only 55.6 % of non-industry-funded trials were positive .
Taken together , it is not hard to see why some commentators argue that there has been little attempt by the pharmaceutical industry to properly assess the risks and benefits of their products in under 18 's .
Moreover , both benefits and harms of all trials must be published within a reasonable timeframe , and properly designed , non-industry-funded trials are needed to confirm both safety and efficacy .
But instead of following Russia 's reform path , Lukashenko worsened matters by reimposing central planning in industry and agriculture .
Moreover , because state-controlled Belarus Television , the only one in the country , is unpopular and unreliable , Belarussians are increasingly watching Russian TV channels .
These two scenarios follow a familiar story line : technological progress , such as the development of nuclear power , genetically modified organisms , information technologies , and synthetic organic chemistry , first promises salvation , but then threatens doom as the consequences , often environmental , become apparent .
Raising such questions when nanotechnology is still in its infancy may result in better , safer products and less long-term liability for industry .
The rapidly developing nanomaterials industry is the nanotechnology that is most likely to affect our lives first .
In the environmental technology industry alone , nanomaterials will enable new means of reducing the production of wastes , using resources more sparingly , cleaning up industrial contamination , providing potable water , and improving the efficiency of energy production and use .
Research is needed to ensure that nanomaterials , and the industry that produces them , evolve as environmental assets rather than liabilities .
These expanded equations , which incorporate an idea called supersymmetry , predict many new effects .
But there are growing signs that the rest of the world is gaining ground fast -- building new universities , improving existing ones , competing hard for the best students , and recruiting US-trained PhDs to return home to work in university and industry labs .
At the same time , growing numbers of traditional source countries for students , from South Korea to Saudi Arabia , are trying to improve both the quantity and quality of their own degrees , engaging in a fierce -- and expensive -- race to recruit students and create world-class research universities of their own .
Because knowledge is a public good , intellectual gains by one country often benefit others .
Even in a country as big as Brazil , over 80 % of the population lives in urban areas .
Russia 's hasty decision to recognize the `` independence '' of South Ossetia and Abkhazia was a shot across the bow for every former Soviet country , and has intensified speculation about who might be `` next '' -- and how to prevent Russia from multiplying the supposed Kosovo `` precedent '' in other ex-Soviet countries .
Ukraine has its own potentially separatist region in Crimea , and the country 's Russian minority numbers some 8.3 million -LRB- the largest minority in Europe -RRB- . Half of Ukraine 's population is Russian-speaking in various degrees .
On global nonproliferation , the US should push for a role for India in next year 's Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- review conference in order to complete the country 's transformation from being part of the problem to being part of the solution .
Can Chinese Industry Be Made Safe ?
Can Chinese Industry Be Made Safe ?
Industry-wide , one American worker in fifty at the turn of the last century was killed or seriously disabled each year in work-related accidents .
Of course , American industry is still plagued by serious safety problems .
In the 1910 's , American workplace injuries began to fall in virtually every industry , except coal mining -LRB- where injury rates remained high for several decades -RRB- .
Breaking Burma 's Isolation NEW YORK -- The Obama administration 's decision to seek a new way forward in United States-Burma relations recognizes that decades of trying to isolate Burma -LRB- Myanmar -RRB- in order to change the behavior of its government have achieved little .
With Burma 's ruling generals preparing to hold elections later this year -- for the first time since 1990 -- it is time to try something different .
During this period of uncertainty , we recommend framing US policy toward Burma on the basis of changes taking place in the country , using both engagement and sanctions to encourage reform .
The US should engage not only with Burma 's leaders , but also with a wide range of groups inside the country to encourage the dialogue necessary to bring about national reconciliation of the military , democracy groups , and non-Burmese nationalities .
In every respect , conditions in Burma are among the direst of any country in the world , and it will take decades , if not generations , to reverse current downward trends and create a foundation for a sustainable and viable democratic government and a prosperous society .
NEW YORK -- British Prime Minister David Cameron 's government has announced some of the most draconian public-sector cuts any developed country government has ever attempted .
Ever since , Republican governments in the US have slashed funding for ballet , poetry in schools , and sculpture , while demagogues like former New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani have gained political traction by attacking controversial visual arts .
Who needs to read closely , seek evidence , and make a reasoned argument -- skills that the study of poetry , the novel , history , and philosophy provide ?
As Ken Wooden of the organization Child Lures Prevention puts it , the TSA 's `` incredibly misinformed and misguided '' advice `` is completely contrary to what we in the sexual-abuse prevention field have been trying to accomplish for the past 30 years . ''
As one TSA supervisor said to me after my own sexualized pat-down , `` This is about bureaucracy -- people trying to cover their asses -- and there is a ton of money involved as well . ''
It is wrong -- and sexist -- to treat female sex-crime accusers as if they were children , and it is wrong to try anyone , male or female , in the court of public opinion on the basis of anonymous accusations .
Is it any wonder , then , that so many rational people are trying to make sense of a political reality that really has become unusually opaque ?
By contrast , when identity is presented as being a stark choice , people often do not choose the identity of the host country that is being so inflexible .
We are told that in a `` knowledge economy , '' a country needs ever more graduates and formal qualifications to stay competitive .
Egypt started the period as the world 's 47th poorest country ; it ended the period as the 48th poorest .
So , while any developed country obviously needs an educated population , the idea that having the most education will get you the most prosperity is a chimera .
If the US does not act soon , American cities will lag behind not only European capitals , but also developing country cities such as Bogota -LRB- Colombia -RRB- and Curitiba -LRB- Brazil -RRB- , which are already implementing innovative environmentally friendly solutions .
Indeed , they now appear to have forgotten their role in hampering the DPJ 's effort to create an effective political coordinating body for the country .
They certainly deserve the better government that the DPJ is trying to give them .
Yet there is every reason for us to try to mitigate at least the anthropogenic portion of the climate change caused by CO 2 emissions and other dangerous practices , such as deforestation .
So the arrest of Politburo member and Shanghai Communist Party boss Chen Liangyu on corruption charges has sent shock waves across the country .
Whereas the Ministry of Public Security reported only 8,700 such disturbances in 1993 , by 2005 the number had jumped ten-fold , to 87,000 .
China 's Decrepit Population China 's government finally appears to be acknowledging the urgent challenges presented by the country 's aging population .
Furthermore , the decline in the working-age cohort would squeeze labor supply , fueling wage growth and eroding the country 's economic competitiveness .
As the US and Europe lower interest rates to try to revive their economies and calm financial markets , the most significant impact of the sub-prime mortgage crisis for Latin America may turn out to be inflation .
And dogs do n't gesture with their forepaws or use an elaborate grammatical language when trying to explain things .
We must try to understand dogs on their own terms , and help them to understand us .
The European Union 's leading country , Germany , failed to meet its commitments to its EU partners concerning its deficit .
The EU 's reluctant number two country has served unofficial notice that it , too , does not plan to abide by its deficit-reduction promises . This comes one year after tiny Ireland received an official warning about its fiscal policies , even though Ireland 's budget was in surplus , and mightily so .
They introduced a safety clause allowing a country to suspend the deficit ceiling in case of serious recession , but they went on to define a serious recession in such a way as to make such a suspension implausible in practice .
In a country with crushing rates of taxation , this is not only smart politics , but it is also good economics , provided spending is cut .
But France is also a country where everyone enjoys some publicly-funded privilege , so cuts are a political `` no-no . ''
Each country should regain full control of its fiscal policy but delegate its macroeconomic component , decisions about deficits or surpluses , to an independent Fiscal Policy Committee given the long-run mandate of stabilizing , or in some countries reducing , the size of the public debt .
Here is a country that has long cherished its `` exception '' from the normal rules of market economics , a foggy view that rejects both central planning and free markets and claims to offer a well-balanced middle ground .
Angela Merkel 's poor showing in Germany 's recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the country 's famously rigid economy .
The laggards are to be found only in the service industry , which is largely insulated from international production chains and even from internal European competition .
In large countries , the fear of being on the losing side is not outweighed by people 's appreciation that the country as a whole will do better .
New Europe 's Old Problems The riots in Budapest , incited by leaked tapes that show Prime Minister Ferenc Gyurcsany openly admitting that his government had lied for over a year about the country 's dire finances , are but the latest evidence that things are going seriously wrong across Eastern Europe .
Last June , the Slovaks evicted the government that brought the country out of the international isolation and economic malaise that it had suffered under the autocratic regime of Vladimir Meciar .
Mikulas Dzurinda , whose reforms provided the country with growth and economic stability , was replaced by Robert Fico , a leftist who , having forged an alliance with Meciar and a neo-fascist party , has also adopted a worrisomely populist tone .
Meanwhile , financial markets fret about the country 's budget deficit and talk of a serious crisis .
Estonia and Lithuania applied as well , but were refused entry .
Reforms that are attacked in one country continue to guide others .
By contrast , the unions argue that they have `` social legitimacy , '' a claim that may surprise many outside France , but that holds considerable sway in a country where large-scale demonstrations or drawn-out strikes are interpreted as a valid representation of popular will .
But Sarkozy is not quite turning France , long a country hostile to supply-side reform , into what many would consider a normal economy .
He also harbors a deep distrust of financial markets and often advocates more regulation , and sees the strong euro as a threat to French industry and the result of speculation , which has already provoked serious clashes with the European Central Bank .
However , an important issue is rarely mentioned : in small , open economies -- a description that applies to almost every country except the US -- the main channel of monetary policy is the exchange rate .
China 's 70 million `` netizens '' may now be in a prime position to guide the transformation of society and determine the country 's future .
For this year , China will complete formulating provincial climate change programs throughout the country , promoting effective implementation of the National Climate Change Program .
China is making huge efforts to combat climate change despite the fact that it remains a low-income developing country with a per-capita GDP of just about $ 3,000 .
Developed country Parties to the KP , collectively , must reduce their greenhouse gas emissions by at least 25-40 % below their 1990 level by 2020 .
For China now has a bankruptcy code with teeth , and the country 's courts are beginning to enforce it with rigor .
Since 2008 , discussions among Chinese scholars and strategists on the nature of their country 's foreign policy have focused on two issues : its ideological foundations , and China 's international appeal and standing -- its `` soft power . ''
But a minority school argues that China should rely instead on the country 's traditional political thought , emphasizing the universal value of traditional Chinese philosophy .
The mainstream school defines China as a developing country , pointing to China 's per capita GDP , which ranks only 104th in the world .
Domestic politics is always an important factor influencing a country 's foreign policy .
Parliamentary supremacy , one of the key issues in any country 's democratization , appears to be at hand in Kuwait .
As young Muslims in Britain -LRB- and across the West -RRB- try to maneuver between the various , and often conflicting , aspects of their identity , three clear tendencies have emerged .
Britain 's government is beginning to recognize the danger , and is trying to clamp down on schools and mosques that spread hate .
One key factor is that , for the first time since the United States and Britain invaded Iraq , Arab Sunni leaders are backing a US military plan for that country .
Iran and Syria , which have played a spoiler role in Iraq up to now , may also now be anxious to find a way to pull the country back from the brink .
All of these affect Lebanon , and are aggravated by the country 's own peculiar socio-political dynamics -- i.e. , its Maronite , Sunni , and Shia divisions .
The mission must therefore walk a fine line to bridge the country 's communal divisions , which will be possible only with a clear understanding of Lebanon and the wider Middle East .
And in Iraq , Sunni Muslims feel under siege from the country 's majority and now ruling Shia .
Having begun , ever so carefully , to politically open his country , the King knows that he needs regional peace and a lowering of Islamic holy rage .
Members of the religious police remain adamant that the country 's Christian guests must continue to live according to strict Wahhabi rules of behavior .
Dialogue seemed like a promising strategy : just ten days earlier , Abdullah had announced a promising reform agenda for the country .
Saudi Arabia 's relationship with Yemen is unlike that with any other Arab country .
Up to now , GCC leaders have spurned Yemen 's membership for the same reasons that the European Union fears admitting Turkey : Yemen would instantly become the bloc 's most populous country .
Yemen is strategically important , not only for Saudi Arabia , but for the world , because it is the only country on the Arabian Peninsula from which oil can reach the open seas without passing through a narrow strait -- either the Strait of Hormuz or the Suez Canal .
In Iran , an indigenous movement is pushing for reform , and the country 's brand of Islam , which on the surface seems the most implacable , has the potential to become more moderate and more democratic , owing in part to the Shi'a tradition of ijtihad , religious debate or innovation .
The attempted bombing of a Detroit-bound airliner on Christmas Day by a young Nigerian man trained by Al Qaeda in Yemen appeared to open the West 's eyes to the country 's problems .
Yemen 's central problems are two : the ongoing civil war that the government is waging against the Houthi tribe in the country 's north , and the suppression of a secessionist movement in the south .
So far , Obama and Brown seem unable to fully grasp the fact that Yemen 's problems go well beyond Al Qaeda 's presence in the country .
Saleh 's dilemma is that Western aid may now come with increased interference in Yemen 's internal affairs at a time when he wants the world to turn a blind eye to his conduct of the country 's civil wars .
The real question is whether the West will address Yemen 's failed political and military strategies , which are the root cause of Al Qaeda 's mushrooming presence in the country .
The Kingdom and the Afghan Chaos LONDON -- In his quest to stabilize his country , Afghanistan 's President Hamid Karzai , dressed in white robes , arrived last week in Mecca on what can only be called a diplomatic pilgrimage .
Can Saudi Arabia play a serious role in resolving his country 's increasingly bloody conflict ?
Mecca has , indeed , become a potent venue for political summitry and a tool for mediation if not media manipulation .
Popular democratic protests that started on a small scale in mid-February outside Sanaa University have widened to encompass the whole country .
Yet Saleh retains the loyalty of the interior ministry , the Republican Guard , and part of the air force .
Perhaps more remarkably , in a country containing more than 12 million guns , the protesters have not fired a shot .
Saleh , emboldened by Gates ' remarks , immediately appeared on television and ordered all opponents to leave Yemen , as if millions of Yemenis would simply desert the country , leaving him and his family to reside in peace .
Nor are they allowed to walk in the streets , drive a car , or leave the country without the permission of a male guardian .
Saudi Arabia is the only country in the world that forbids women to drive cars .
Religious education constitutes up to 50 % of students ' curriculum . As a result , Wahhabi dogma penetrates every home in the country .
The Shia , considered apostates by the Kingdom 's Wahhabi establishment , are viewed as a threat to the Saudi state 's legitimacy and existence , not only because of Iran 's power , but also because of the Kingdom 's large , indigenous Shia population , which is concentrated around the country 's oil fields .
So the Saudi and Sunni Gulf rulers want to keep US military forces in Iraq partly in order to keep the country down .
In the Saudi view , a US military exit would mean handing the entire country to Iran .
No other country allied to the US , not even Turkey , could equal Iranian influence in the country .
The Kingdom 's prestige among fellow Islamic regimes suffered , because Al Qaeda was widely perceived as a product of Saudi Arabia 's official Wahhabi ideology , and was known to receive much of its financial support from within the country .
To distract attention further , the Saudis also began to denounce the country 's Shia minority ever more vociferously as a `` fifth column '' of Iran 's terror-sponsoring regime .
On Bin Laden 's orders , oil installations , the oil city of Khobar , the interior ministry , and the police headquarters in Riyadh were all attacked .
Sultan secured the defense ministry for his son Khaled , and brought back Khaled 's notorious brother , Bandar to head the Intelligence Security Council .
In the short term , the iron-fisted Naif , as Crown Prince , will push the Kingdom into greater repression , in part by strengthening the hardline Wahhabi clerics ' place in the country 's power nexus .
Throughout the region , newly mobilized -LRB- and thus empowered -RRB- Arab youth are trying to move their countries towards reform and liberalization .
The country is caught between two choices : progressive reform or continuing paralysis and decay .
So Saudi Arabia 's people confront this key question : can an authoritative ruler emerge who will reunite the country in the progressive tradition of the late King Faisal ?
The direction the country will take in the longer term can best be assessed by whom Abdullah chooses to name as the successor to Prince Sultan , Naif 's chief ally who has already been named Abdullah 's heir .
Is there another country where only a father and his son have ruled like demigods for the last 61 years ?
And this in a country that had an estimated per capita income of $ 40 in the 1940 's but has now become the world 's 12th or 13th largest economy .
I believe , however , that Korean extremism stems from the country 's geography and history .
The Yukos imbroglio will not bring Russia 's economy to a screeching halt , because no single company determines the country 's fate .
`` Operation Clean Hands '' -- what some are calling the investigations into Khodorkovsky and his associates -- will not increase tax revenue , but only spur growth in the informal economy , as businessmen try to conceal their affairs even more completely from the government .
After a decade of hemorrhaging capital , the first half of this year saw data indicating that Russians who had taken their money out of the country were bringing it back to invest at home .
That is but one of the jokes making the rounds in Russia these days , as the country faces its most severe crisis in a decade .
The first , following the collapse of the USSR , was almost cataclysmic -- nothing in the shops , the country in bankruptcy , all savings lost .
Most importantly , there is no one in power who can change the country 's economic policies .
Instead , Russia is ruled by `` yes men '' who are only able to agree and echo : `` As you say , Mr. Prime Minister ... '' ; `` As you wish , Mr. President ... '' One reason is that the country 's leadership now appears to be digesting the same garbage information it feeds to the public .
Even the Ministry of Economics recognizes that Russia has entered a recession that will last at least six months .
Deripaska , who accompanied President Dmitry Medvedev on his recent trip across Latin America , appealed to Russia 's rulers to study Franklin Roosevelt 's `` New Deal '' in the 1930 's as a model for economic recovery .
Notably , Deripaska has suggested that the government create an `` aluminum stabilization fund , '' because the industry -- his industry -- is losing money and global market share .
Of course , Vladimir Putin had already put in place a treaty between Russia 's government and the country 's richest men , who agreed not to comment on the actions of the state in exchange for the freedom to earn as much money as possible in any way they wanted .
Of course , all these comparisons are made with how things stood last month rather than with the country 's pre-crisis economic performance .
Gazprom 's production is falling at a dizzying pace ; the country 's single-industry `` mono-towns '' are dying .
But there you can read very pessimistic estimates of the country 's economic future .
Gaidar died last year , his unheeded warnings having come true , proving once again that no man is ever a successful prophet in his own country .
The state , which is seeking to rescue the domestic automobile industry , allocated to the firm more credits through state-owned banks .
Not only did the Jews lack a mother country , but in Europe they lived as a foreign nation , leading to expulsion and annihilation .
It is a region composed of a common country that we share with the Palestinians .
It is a country that we call Israel and they call Palestine .
Ariel Sharon and Menachem Begin went all the way to Beirut in the early 1980 's , paying a terrible and bloody price , to try to eliminate the PLO -- a result that could never be obtained .
In the end , Sharon and then Binyamin Netanyahu both ended up sitting down at the negotiating table with Yassir Arafat and his representatives to try to reach an agreement .
Now Arafat 's former deputy , Abu Mazen , is a frequent and welcome guest in our country .
Israel 's non-military settlements are , and have always been , irrelevant to the country 's security .
These refugees could much more properly establish themselves in the new state of Palestine , their mother country , among their compatriots , under a Palestinian flag and Palestinian authority , merely 30 kilometers from the homes and farms that they abandoned , or from which they were expelled , more than 60 years ago .
The latest package to cope with Greece 's insolvency offers a bond buyback to lighten the country 's debt burden .
After the Dear Leader SEOUL -- Korea is a unique country .
So , even before the recent reports of North Korean leader Kim Jong-il 's health problems , North Korea was already a country marked by growing uncertainty .
Will the North 's would-be leaders be able to manage the country 's stock of nuclear weapons responsibly and safely without transferring a few of them abroad , much less respond to international pressure to dismantle them in a reasonable and flexible manner ?
Under a North Korean collective leadership dominated by the military , the power of the country 's economic bureaucrats will be marginal , at best .
But when the North Korean regime realized that smile diplomacy did not get it whatever it was they wanted , the country 's rulers shifted back to hostility .
As a result , the regime may be trying to divert people 's attention from internal difficulties and push them to unite behind the emerging new leader .
And , at a time of domestic hardship and diplomatic isolation , North Korea 's leaders , their confidence boosted by their possession of nuclear weapons , might try to distract their public through audacious , and possibly destructive , acts abroad .
The international community would lose nothing by trying this approach and testing the regime 's will to reform .
The IMF also was empowered to conduct the Mutual Assessment Process of each country 's macroeconomic policies under the Framework for Strong , Sustainable , and Balanced Growth .
Rather than spending energy on trying to build large-scale institutions covering the entire region , it would be better to focus more on smaller , issue-oriented institutions .
Assad is particularly worried about the creation of a mixed Lebanese-international court to try suspects in the Hariri assassination .
Trade and exports accounted for 67 % and 37 % of the country 's GDP , respectively , before the global crisis , but have since fallen significantly .
The government , well aware of the overcapacity problem , focused the country 's stimulus package on investment in infrastructure , rather than new factories .
In this respect , the Chinese have good reason to be optimistic , for their country has defied predictions of economic demise repeatedly over the past three decades .
This large , steady fall in the country 's trade surplus makes the Chinese government hesitant to allow the RMB to appreciate significantly , for fear of the lagged impact on the trade balance .
True , commerce ministry officials recently declared their wish to see a further fall of China 's trade surplus in 2010 .
China Going Forward BEIJING -- China 's per capita income , at $ 3,800 , has now surpassed the threshold for a middle-income country .
Economic growth , of course , has never been linear in any country .
The country 's investment rate now stands at more than 50 % -- a clear reflection of China 's low capital efficiency .
All of the country 's major rivers are contaminated .
But in a poor country like the one I come from , Sierra-Leone , even half a dollar can save a life or feed an entire family .
In Sierra-Leone alone , over 60 % of the country 's youth are jobless .
Third , IRENA will be based in a developing country , a vote of confidence in the quality , institutional expertise , and dynamism that exists in the developing world .
In Ghana last month , I met ministers who shared with me impressive figures on how much progress the country has made in achieving the Millennium Development Goals -LRB- MDGs -RRB- .
Some traditional leaders , academics , representatives of civil-society groups , and students , on the other hand , were more worried about whether the country 's new oil wealth would benefit ordinary people .
Their compatriots in Sierra Leone also want to know what will happen now that they , too , have won the commodities lottery : last year , the country struck oil and discovered one of the largest iron-ore deposits in the world .
Mogae managed to hold down inflation and attract foreign investment in order to diversify Botswana 's economy and make it less dependent on the extraction of diamonds , while simultaneously ensuring that more of the country 's mineral wealth was processed at home .
The choices that we as Africans make today will determine whether we remain poor , evolve into Dubai-like diversified economies , or follow the successful agriculture-led industrialization model implemented in Malaysia -LRB- despite that country 's gas discoveries -RRB- .
With US forces in Iraq now funding both Sunni and Shia tribal leaders in an effort to stabilize the country , conditions for women grow deadlier by the day .
Under the Fourth Geneva Convention , the responsibility for protecting civilian populations in an occupied country belongs to the occupying forces , which , in this case , are clearly failing to protect Iraqi women .
The arrests in Ghana , while typical of African bigotry towards gays , were all the more shocking because gays and lesbians actually thrive in Ghana 's capital , Accra .
A country of 20 million people , Ghana is unusually tolerant .
Last year I worked in Ghana as country director of Journalists for Human Rights , a Canadian group that helps African journalists give voice to the voiceless in their society while raising awareness of human rights abuses .
The country played an important role in the push for civil rights in America , for instance .
In 1957 , when legal segregation seemed entrenched in the US , Ghana 's first president , Kwame Nkrumah , used the occasion of his country 's independence from Britain to highlight the injustices experienced daily by black Americans .
Today , the country is believed to have about 60 working astronomers , more than half of all the astronomers working in Africa . `` South Africa is the jewel of African astronomy , '' says Charles McGruder , a professor in the Department of Physics and Astronomy at Western Kentucky University .
In a country that is deeply divided economically , `` What on earth is the benefit to the poor and the downtrodden of deep space research ? '' asks physicist Harold Annegarn , a professor at the University of Johannesburg . `` The answer , '' he says , `` is partly that by supporting a thriving top-level intellectual community , we can train our next generation of intellectuals . ''
Even in South Africa , the wealthiest country on the continent , millions of people lack basics .
One payoff can come from Africans building distinctive satellite instruments , and thus spawning a globally competitive industry .
The country is also home to thriving communities of scientists and engineers specializing in nuclear and solar energy , software encryption , coal-to-oil conversion and even electric cars .
No other African country comes close to matching South Africa in even a single area of research and development .
Based on published research papers , the country accounts for 64 % of all research undertaken in Africa .
Ghana is best known for producing cocoa and gold , but today Affiliated Computer Services -LRB- ACS -RRB- , a Texas company that runs the outsourcing operation , is the country 's largest private employer .
Even wages for routine data-entry tasks in Africa are usually no less than those paid in south Asia .
When ACS decided to expand recently , it opened a new operation in India rather than in Ghana or another African country .
In Malawi , for example , where nearly everyone farms for a living , a confidential study by the British government this year found that `` the agricultural extension service has collapsed , '' a victim of the same bureaucratic ineptitude and petty corruption that undermines public services throughout this poor country .
Nkhoma is one of the best front-line farm advisers in Malawi , which is why she works on the country 's United Nations-sponsored Millennium Village , one of only 12 in Africa .
China was so eager to provide space technology to Africa 's most populous country that it beat out 21 other bidders for a contract worth $ 300 million .
His defenders , meanwhile , point to two benefits that he has already delivered : an end to Mbeki 's ambivalent approach to fighting HIV\/AIDS , the country 's major public health threat , and a refreshing willingness to move against Zimbabwe 's aged dictator , Robert Mugabe , whom Mbeki coddled out of a misguided sense of loyalty for his support during the struggle against apartheid .
In an economic slowdown , the country 's severe crime problem might only worsen ; so might unemployment , which already tops 20 % in the formal economy .
In a region that reveres the elderly , Zuma 's attachment to his rural traditions must be matched by an equal openness to the appetites of the country 's youth .
One in every four California residents was born in a foreign country .
In continental Europe , many reactors are within 100 miles -LRB- 161 kilometers -RRB- of another country 's territory .
If each nuclear-power plant was obliged to insure against the risk that it imposes on society -LRB- within and outside the country of its location -RRB- , it would face the true economic cost of its activities .
Indeed , China 's growth rate has been boosted over the last two decades by the country 's demographic and land-resource `` bonuses , '' which enabled it to maximize the benefits of globalization .
The second risk stems from the globalized character of virtually every industry commonly considered a candidate for support .
So , how should developing-country policymakers go about it ?
Industrial policies must be based on a country 's factor endowments , and should build on concrete opportunities to integrate industries and firms in global value chains -- for example , by deepening existing linkages with international production networks and export markets -- while avoiding overinvestment in international growth laggards .
In particular , this means nurturing international competitiveness by focusing on industry productivity , not just on support for domestic players .
Even so , developing-country policymakers can build some measure of freedom into new trade and investment agreements .
It is the Chinese who have endowed the term `` financial center '' with such weight and meaning by trying to dissect the functions of such cities and quantify every detail .
But progress has been slow , because China 's politicians have put nurturing financial centers -- which should be the objective of local governments -- at the heart of the country 's financial development .
Inflation Comes to China SHANGHAI -- Macroeconomic conditions in any country are like running water .
Indeed , for the financial industry , the appeal of Paulson 's proposal is precisely that it taxes the many and benefits the few .
Since the many -LRB- taxpayers -RRB- are dispersed , we can not put up a good fight in the US Congress , whereas the financial industry is well represented politically .
CHICAGO -- In trying to understand the pattern and timing of government interventions during a financial crisis , we should probably conclude that , to paraphrase the French philosopher Blaise Pascal , politics have incentives that economics can not understand .
But if many people start to doubt Italy 's solvency and require a large premium to lend , the country 's fiscal deficit will worsen , and it will most likely default .
First , it is too dangerous for any country to come even remotely close to the point where insolvency can be triggered by a sunspot .
The second prescription assumes that if , for any reason , a country does end up in the danger zone , only two responses make economic sense .
Either officials recognize immediately the inevitability of default and waste no resources trying to prevent it , or they believe that a default can be avoided and deploy all the resources at their disposal as fast as possible .
Within days after the 9\/11 terrorist attacks in 2001 , the US had erected new and enormous security measures at airports throughout the country .
First , it makes certain that the cost -LRB- if the losses exceed the combined value of equity and long-term debt -RRB- is shared by the international community and not only by the country where the institution is located , making the intervention credible even when the sovereign state is not .
If a major oil spill in Haiti were threatening the Gulf of Mexico , would n't we want the best technology -LRB- and not just the technology available in Haiti -RRB- to try to contain it ?
When the US housing market started to turn south , the biggest underwriters -LRB- such as Countrywide -RRB- did not go bankrupt right away , because they had sold the vast majority of their loans to the CDO market .
As long as the only country to be rescued is Ireland , there is no problem .
Virtually no country has escaped .
Already 100 million people have been driven into poverty as a result of high food and fuel prices , and current estimates suggest that every 1 % decline in developing-country growth rates pushes an additional 20 million people into poverty .
Countries are trying to break the credit freeze , bolster financial institutions , ease interest rates , strengthen safety nets , and revive consumption and investment in order to boost business , enable people to work , and lay the foundation for future growth .
