Rather than trying to face down impeachment and prolonging the crisis , he should recognize that Pakistan can not afford more instability , and that giving up honorably will bring him some respect .
The confrontations have come at a time when Abbas has been trying to persuade Hamas to moderate its anti-Israel stance and ally with Fatah in a national unity government .
With the Gaza Strip in its backyard , Egypt has already mediated several times between Hamas and Fatah , and has been trying , so far unsuccessfully , to arrange a swap of prisoners with Israel following Hamas 's abduction of Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit .
What if a government , instead of fighting the electricity industry alone , unleashed an economic `` big bang , '' trying to liberalize most markets at once ?
The bottom line is that Europeans should worry and talk less about the Euro exchange rate , and spend the time they save trying to address their real problems : low productivity , market rigidities , fiscal polices constrained by the Stability Pact , and bankrupt pension systems .
Statistical evidence shows that a hypothetical former colony of France , following hideous policies , with dictatorial and objectionable regimes , would receive much more aid from France than a non-former colony struggling and trying to adopt decent polices .
The United States naturally does not export such arms to China . Instead , the US is trying to deter China 's rulers from launching a military attack on the democrats in Taiwan .
But this case is not about oligarchs trying to interfere in politics ; it is about a group of artists and curators whose professional activities have unexpectedly turned into a political hot potato .
Just by virtue of being there , the force shows the goodwill and commitment of the nations that sent it , and , by projecting a sense of law and order , it provides valuable leverage for honest brokers trying to mediate a peace deal .
But capturing and trying violent leaders is probably a better marker of the end of such organizations -- the chances of such an outcome being higher when such leaders recant their views and call on their followers to lay down their arms .
At the moment , Egyptian liberals ' main concern should be their popular appeal and ability to mobilize support , rather than picking fights with the Salafis and trying to enforce a constitution by any means , democratic or not .
But trying to address deep-rooted popular grievances with flowery language and a bouquet of subsidies is like trying to extinguish a forest fire with a water pistol .
Calderón is trying to check the gangs ' capacity for violence and diminish their economic resources , but he still has not been able to implement a plan that is both successful and minimizes the cost in lives .
But just as there could be no moral neutrality in the war against Nazism and Fascism , so the coalition the Americans are now trying to build will begin to take as a root assumption that , if the war against terrorism is to be serious , tolerance of terror-supporting regimes can not go on .
Yet , at the same time , the US supports Abu Mazen , trying to undermine the Hamas government , thus casting a shadow on the credibility of its own commitment to democracy .
This , he explained , was the reason that Turkey was trying to find an accommodation with Armenia .
One can well understand a Turkish policy of trying to defuse tensions with Iran over that country 's nuclear program . But the joint Iranian-Brazilian-Turkish initiative goes beyond such a policy .
There is very little scope for international action to eliminate the violation of these rights in many - if not most - countries of the world today , particularly those that are trying to turn the ` Earth Summit ' into a sounding board for criticism of the failure of advanced countries to do more to eradicate world poverty or to protect the environment .
So it is unfortunate that America abandoned the Kyoto process for combating global warming , instead of trying to move that process toward sensible market-based solutions and away from the regulatory mechanism beloved of bureaucrats everywhere .
Because Europe remains entangled in this seemingly insoluble conundrum , Israelis see it as trying to compensate for its lack of political effectiveness in Middle East diplomacy with unbearably self-righteous and moralistic talk .
Extinguishing Arab democracy , as President Mubarak of Egypt is now trying to do through his recent ban on political parties that are based on religion , will bring neither stability nor peace to the Middle East .
These are trying economic times for the US , largely owing to imperial overstretch financed by Chinese credit .
Finally , as all of the EU 's 27 member states are now trying to reduce public spending in sustainable ways , financing for military operations , without which nothing is possible , requires a new approach .
That is also why the modest efforts now being undertaken by the alliance to assist America in trying to stabilize Iraq will not stitch NATO back together again .
Even where members have committed themselves to a joint operation , as in Afghanistan , NATO 's able new Secretary General , former Dutch foreign minister Jaap de Hoop Scheffer , has to plead for a few helicopters here , a few hundred men there , like the manager of an impoverished football association trying to put together a team .
Indeed , the US is already trying to soften up Iranian resistance by hinting at a possible use of force .
The limits on redistribution through the market are much tighter : trying to appropriate the rents may lead firms to move to emerging countries , or else to go bankrupt .
Some governments -- most notably France and Germany -- are trying to do the second . They should feel freer to do the first .
In the year that the Socialists are celebrating the fortieth anniversary of the May 1968 demonstrations against de Gaulle , they are also trying to steal his diplomatic clothes by proclaiming themselves the defenders of the independent French foreign policy that he championed .
It would be useful to know the answer to this question before trying repeatedly to pump up the economy in the short run with costly policies that might worsen longer-run prospects .
That is the broad lesson of history -- from the Reagan and Thatcher revolutions in the US and the UK , to Stephen Harper 's more recent experience , to the repeat performance that David Cameron and the Republicans in the US Congress are now trying to engineer .
During Japan 's `` lost decade , '' the Bank of Japan mostly bought Japanese government bonds , whereas the Fed is trying to reopen secondary markets for securitized private lending -LRB- which in the US is as important as bank lending -RRB- , buying mortgage-backed securities and consumer and business loans , as well as U.S. Treasury bonds . The Bank of England is buying UK government bonds -LRB- `` gilts '' -RRB- .
Some US federal agencies are trying to spend ten times their previous budgets -- not a recipe for efficiency or speed .
To countries on the receiving end , these conditions can seem like a subtle form of power politics , with Europe trying to impose its values on the world .
In sum , the Iraqi government may appear effective for much of 2006 , but it will be committed to trying to serve the competing interests of sharply divided constituencies .
Instead of trying to recover support by pursuing the reforms and privatizations that he promised during the Orange Revolution , Yushchenko is planning to take the few members of `` Our Ukraine '' that he still controls and forge a strategic alliance with the Party of the Regions , the very party that opposed Ukraine 's turn to democracy and an open society .
There is no time to lose in trying something new .
In Lebanon , Hezbollah has been trying to bully its more moderate Sunni Muslim , Christian , and Druze rivals into submission .
Nevertheless , it is a prescription for endless terrorism and war : both pro- and anti-Iranian revolutionary Islamists believe that , because God is on their side and their enemies are cowardly , they will win , and they are quite prepared to spend the next half-century trying to prove it .
The Belgian monarch , Albert II , is desperately trying to stop his subjects from breaking up the state .
When Theodor Herzl was making the rounds of Europe at the end of the nineteenth century , trying to gain support for the establishment of a state for the Jews , he was often rebuffed by rich and powerful Jewish grandees , who saw him as a troublemaker .
It was believed , perhaps correctly , that the Germans would be incapable of trying their own former leaders .
But trying him for genocide , even though it will be hard to prove that he ever intended to exterminate Bosnian Muslims as a group , just because they were Muslims , will further muddy the term 's already vague definition .
This is hard to take for members of the secular , Westernized Turkish elite , who have spent decades , if not longer , trying to prove their European bona fides .
Moreover , from the beginning South Korea had little faith in the UN even trying to act , due to China 's veto in the Security Council .
The year that has just passed has demonstrated -- in the handling of the financial crisis and in trying to tackle climate change -- both the need for and the difficulties of creating a new paradigm of global governance .
With the left on the march in much of Latin America , it is no surprise that Nicaragua 's Sandinista leader Daniel Ortega is trying to make a comeback .
Gil Cedillo , a California state senator who has been trying to reverse earlier legislation that in 1994 made it illegal for undocumented workers in California to drive , wrote in a recent policy paper , `` While the number of immigrant drivers may be minimally reduced , most simply drive without being trained , tested , licensed , and insured . ''
So , trying to parse their positions to make a case for one over another is harder to do than guessing who will end up winning the World Cup .
Missile tests aside , China has been trying to cajole America into stopping arms sales to Taiwan .
Aid to poor societies in the form of programs designed to expose their students and workers to the experience of living and working in the US before returning home will be more effective than trying to make these societies ' governments and institutions more like those of the advanced economies .
By trying to coerce them with fines ?
Romania 's most vicious anti-Semitic and ultra-nationalist politician , Corneliu Vadim Tudor , is trying hard to persuade people that he has changed his ways .
There is no point in trying to win the hearts and minds of major drug traffickers .
Yet regulators persist in trying to inject themselves into these fields , with antitrust authorities claiming that they are ripe with anti-competitive practices and exercises of `` undue market power '' by the most successful market participants .
Rather than accept its losses , the EPRDF-run government responded with a brutal crackdown , claiming outright victory and accusing the opposition of trying to stage an insurrection .
In late April 2009 , security forces arrested 40 opposition figures , accusing them of trying to topple the government .
There is much to be said for holding on to the classical institutions of parliamentary democracy and trying to reconnect them with the citizenry .
In the United Kingdom , where this did not happen in the 1970s and 1980s , every university place could have been filled with a Continental European trying to escape declining institutions at home .
But even if the French do vote `` No , '' that will not solve the British problem : on the contrary , it will precipitate a major political crisis , in France and across Europe , concerning the future of the EU -- the type of crisis that the British have spent fifty years trying to evade .
Economists have been trying to produce more robust answers to those questions .
A new global Financial Stability Board is trying to make sense of all this , and also to work out a new `` macro-prudential mechanism '' reflecting system-wide risks .
BERKELEY -- Despite the frequent cries of American Republicans that Barack Obama is trying to bring European-style socialism to the United States , it is now very clear that the US president wishes to govern from one place and one place only : the center .
In all of these cases , Obama is ruling , or trying to rule , by taking positions that are at the technocratic good-government center , and then taking two steps to the right -- sacrificing some important policy goals -- in the hope of attracting Republican votes and thereby demonstrating his commitment to bipartisanship .
The problem , the parrot would say , is that households and businesses are still trying to build up their stocks of safe , high-quality assets , and are switching expenditures from buying currently-produced goods and services to increasing their shares of an inadequate supply of government liabilities .
With households desperately trying to rebuild their balance sheets , and with capital investment remarkably healthy , the only places to boost spending to restore capacity utilization and unemployment to normal levels are exports , government purchases , and construction investment .
BERKELEY -- Former US Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers had a good line at the International Monetary Fund meetings this year : governments , he said , are trying to treat a broken ankle when the patient is facing organ failure .
At the moment , administration insiders are trying to convince elite journalists that Bush did not deceive outsiders about Saddam Hussein 's nuclear weapons program .
Should n't America 's leaders be trying to shorten the period that other societies are vulnerable to the evils that made the twentieth century the bloodiest in the history of mankind ?
The Republicans magnified their economic quackery by frantically trying to minimize public perceptions of the long-run fiscal problems of America 's social-insurance system , largely to deflect attention from the fact that Bush threw away the budget surpluses President Clinton had bequeathed him - and with them what may have been the country 's last best chance to fix things in this regard short of some form of disaster .
For example , in early February 2004 , the then Chairman of the President 's Council of Economic Advisers , N. Gregory Mankiw , spent some time trying to explain the issues surrounding `` outsourcing '' to America 's elite political news reporters .
Thus , central bankers were stuck trying to control a world economy shocked by random changes in the animal spirits of investors and traders .
He would have served the country and the world better had he been less of a loyal Republican working the inside game of trying to convince Bush 's political advisors that good policy was important , and more of a nonpartisan steward of America 's long-term fiscal stability .
All in all , Greenspan served the United States and the world well through his stewardship of monetary policy , especially by what he did not do : trying to stop stock and housing speculation by halting the economy in its tracks .
In the first scenario , China continues to attempt to maintain full employment in Shanghai , Guangzhou , and elsewhere not by stimulating domestic demand but by trying to boost exports further by keeping the renminbi stable against the dollar and falling in value against the euro .
But their failings do pose a dilemma for Democratic deficit-hawk economists trying to determine what good economic policies would be should Barack Obama become president .
The Road to Depression BERKELEY -- For 15 months , the United States Federal Reserve , assisted by the financial regulators of the US Treasury , have been trying to make the macroeconomic consequences of the American mortgage-backed securities financial crisis as small as possible -- trying , above all , to avoid a deep depression .
But central banks today are influencing asset prices through a very large number of channels and procedures other than conventional open-market operations : they are trying to affect not just duration discounts but risk , default , and information-driven discounts as well .
But we are not interested in what the multiplier is when the unemployment rate is 3 % and the government is trying to diminish consumption and boost private savings via rationing and patriotism-based bond drives .
Each country may hope that others will stimulate their demand while it preserves its fiscal headroom , thereby relying on exports as the engine of recovery . Each country may also be tempted by protectionist measures , trying to preserve domestic jobs at the expense of imports .
It is time that the world community not only registers its outrage against such destruction of cultural treasures , but also joins those Pakistanis who are desperately trying to pressure their government to preserve -- for their sake and ours -- their pre-Islamic cultural heritage .
Alarmed by this dramatic volte-face , the majority Justices in the Guantanamo Bay case may be trying to send assurances to the rest of the world that President Bush does not speak for all Americans , not even the ones who put him in office in the first place .
One reason that wo n't happen because Germany is too busy trying to keep out Polish , Czech and Hungarian workers to press for such reforms . So German taxpayers will keep paying for subsidies that do n't benefit Germans .
Herbert Hoover , America 's president of seventy years ago , became famous for trying to do what Prime Minister Koizumi now wants to do .
Saudi Arabia is unstable , so it will keep trying to straddle both sides .
Imagine getting a copy of Tolstoi 's War and Peace in Russian and -LRB- assuming you ca n't read Russian -RRB- trying to figure out the story .
However , unlike President Alan Garcia of Peru , who Chávez may be trying to bully , Chávez has been forced to recognize Uribe 's enormous popularity .
So far , the Bush administration is playing tough and trying to force South American countries to submit by discussing trade agreements with Chile and Central America .
It as if they are trying to terrorize the private sector , so that when the fiscal ax actually falls , consumers and investors will be sufficiently relieved that disaster has been averted that they will increase spending .
Second , the current strategy , which amounts to trying to extract blood from a stone , is not working .
But chances are that it will not really help , because it trying to reduce deficits in that manner will severely undermine economic performance .
One of the hardest lessons for senior government officials to learn -- - including for me , when I was Australian Attorney General and Foreign Minister -- is the futility , in all but a tiny minority of cases , of trying to prosecute and punish those responsible for leaks .
Those of us who see the potential for far more harm than good in the WikiLeaks disclosures , and refuse to join in the cheers for Assange and his colleagues , are probably trying to resist an inexorable tide .
While the Fed is planning to pump more money into the US economy , the PBC is trying to reduce the amount of money in circulation in China .
Why , then , are political leaders in France and Germany trying so hard to prevent -- or , more accurately , to postpone -- the inevitable ?
The eurozone 's politicians may learn the hard way that trying to fool markets is a dangerous strategy .
The parliament building is not yet rebuilt , but the government is trying hard to rebuild Moldova as a democratic country with legitimate aspirations to join the European Union .
The West has established the economic model of the twenty-first century , with its hitherto unheard of standard of living , and almost all nations and regions are trying to equal it , no matter what the cost .
Institutions , however , may be reformed if they no longer work , and this is exactly what the EU has been futilely trying to do for 20 years .
The reaction of EU member states to this ongoing self-inflicted impasse is unambiguous : rather than trying to reenergize the process of further political and economic integration , they are primarily acting on their own to try to fill the vacuum that has emerged .
While a distraught world is still trying to fathom the consequences of this global crash and to mitigate its impact , the call of the next black swan can already be heard : the global climate disaster .
Germany 's new foreign minister has spoken of trying to recreate the old `` Weimar Triangle '' of France , Germany , and Poland .
Without regard for the political consequences , Merkel is trying to escape the specifically German contradiction between national solutions and European constraints by advocating a rigorous fiscal-consolidation program , severe punishment for non-compliance -LRB- including loss of EU voting rights -RRB- , and a trigger mechanism for member states that lag in meeting their obligations .
To stop others from trying to become nuclear powers , which would have multiplied and spread the risk of nuclear confrontation , the Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- was framed in the 1960 's .
While Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdo?an 's government is trying to maintain good relations with Iran , its ambition to become the leading Sunni power means that Turkey must sooner or later contest Iran 's influence in Iraq , as well as in Syria and Palestine .
Now it is time to analyze the mistakes we made when trying to get out of it .
The European Commission is weary of trying to build a single energy market , which has required it to persuade governments that they must dismantle their existing monopoly operators -- a prerequisite to competition .
Nowadays , however , Britain 's government itself seems to be forgetting the bedrock conditions of this British model by trying to satisfy the desire of particular communities ' for public recognition by officially promoting things like state-subsidized denominational schools .
The violent reactions last year to the caricatures of the Prophet Muhammad published in a Danish newspaper saw a confused Western response , with governments tripping over their tongues trying to explain what the media should and should not be allowed to do in the name of political satire .
Instead , we Russians will find ourselves trying to avert an impending economic crisis .
We thought that we could appeal to some , if not all , of the generals -- Buddhists themselves -- who control our country to join us in trying to right the many ills befalling Burma .
We know that the international community is trying to help us , but we need that help to be more effective .
Now that the euro is up , those same governments are trying to talk it down .
While China and the US battle it out , each trying to retain its own `` exorbitant privilege , '' Europe seems to be stuck in the middle , suffering from the same disadvantages of the US position , but enjoying none of its privileges .
So far , investors trying to exit first have been made whole .
The new US policy toward Afghanistan makes no mention of trying to transform that country into a democracy .
Today , the US is working to extricate itself from a second conflict involving Iraq , trying to figure out a way forward in Afghanistan , and contemplating the use of force against Iran .
But European institutions are now not only trying to repair the Pact , but are looking for ways to broaden its scope , making it possible to punish EU countries for `` macroeconomic imbalances . ''
Just over a year ago , the Finnish EU presidency failed to break the gridlock over the Cyprus trade issue , illustrating again the limited value of trying to agree partial solutions and `` confidence-building '' measures .
I am simply trying to call things by their right names and to express my concern for good and friendly coexistence .
In trying to do just that , US President Barack Obama has been harangued about the need to `` get on the right side of history , '' or , to quote Bob Dylan , `` to get out of the new -LRB- road -RRB- if you ca n't lend your hand . ''
Our small diplomatic negotiating team was trying to end a war that had taken the lives of nearly 300,000 people .
Arab intellectuals , and indeed the wider Arab public , are now busy trying to analyze and understand the lessons of the Iraqi earthquake .
Despite trying to annex an Arab neighbor , Saddam was able to claim the nationalist mantle against the Americans .
The European Union should stop trying to do everything and concentrate on doing fewer things more effectively .
Libya has become a Mecca for European leaders trying to win multi-billion dollar oil and investment deals .
This is the balance America is trying to strike .
When European corporations outsource labor-intensive manufacturing to low-cost countries but keep the rest of the production process in Europe , they greatly complicate matters for anyone trying to evaluate the economics of trade defense .
Similarly , the Obama administration is trying to force what it perceives as the easiest path to a new government in Iraq -- even if it is pro-Iranian -- not because it is in the US national interest , but to enable it to head for the exits more quickly in advance of the president 's re-election campaign .
Franklin Roosevelt was already taking vigorous action against the depression , and was trying to reorder the failed US banking system .
Critics are trying to identify the ideas as well as the interests that were responsible for financial and economic dysfunction .
Frustration with the complexities of trying to provide ready fixes leads to attempts to find even more radical solutions .
The scenario of the early 1970 's was replayed with floating rates in the mid-1980 's , with the meetings of the major countries ' finance ministers first forcing down the Yen and the D-mark against the dollar , and then trying in 1987 to hold rates stable .
In retrospect , it was blamed for triggering a highly politicized debate about exchange rates , with every country trying to devise an approach that favored its own interests .
The recommendation , which contains a long section trying to show that Japan 's 1987 and 1988 experience was not damaging , will be read in China simply as a statement that the US wants China to follow Japan in committing what amounts to economic hara-kiri .
Rather than trying to mount a last-ditch defense of the fixed exchange rate , the government , at the suggestion of the Bank of England , agreed to abandon the gold standard and devalue the pound .
One of the most famous examples concerns the Great Depression -- an epoch that policymakers frequently drew upon in trying to come to terms with the post-2007 financial crisis .
They arrived at this conclusion when trying to reconcile a contradiction that has long puzzled those who study both biology and physics .
Indeed , official rhetoric has turned once again to trying to persuade markets to ignore reality .
As a result , emerging-market countries , aiming to ensure that they avoid needing financial support from the IMF in the foreseeable future , are increasingly following China 's lead and trying to ensure that they , too , run current-account surpluses .
But trying to obtain stability from rigidity is illusory .
But the consequences of any default would , ironically , actually increase the size of government relative to the US economy -- the very outcome that Republican intransigents claim to be trying to avoid .
It is illogical to continue subsidizing a compulsory exit from the labor force while simultaneously trying to safeguard public retirement systems in the face of tremendous demographic challenges .
Instead of trying to explore the possibilities presented by the Brazilian\/Turkish opening , the US quickly pushed the UN Security Council for more sanctions -LRB- the fourth round so far -RRB- on Iran .
For example , trying to eliminate corruption in environments with strong patronage-based power and redistribution mechanisms while failing to address the root problems can do more harm than good , and might lead to violent conflicts over new resources .
Over the past decade , an army of psychologists , neuroscientists , and evolutionary biologists has been busy trying to uncover the neural `` clockwork '' that underlies human morality .
Yet Indonesia is also trying to align itself with Asia 's rising power , China , by seeking greater defense and security cooperation .
Even China , which is trying to shift its economy more toward consumption in order to reduce its dependence on capital spending , has put in place an infrastructure of roads , power grids , ports , and railways that will serve its domestic economy for decades .
Instead of focusing on the real problem , namely the increasingly unstable international order , it is trying to apply Cold War-era concepts of disarmament .
Obviously , we are more suited for this role than , say Poland , which is also trying to play it .
Should such a possibility arise , Russia should take part in peacemaking and reconstruction operations in Iraq , rather than trying to put a spoke in Washington 's wheel .
Iran 's Muddled Presidential Politics WASHINGTON , DC -- The decision of former Iranian president Mohammad Khatami not to seek the presidency again has revealed how muddled Iranian presidential politics now is . In trying to sort out this muddle , the most important thing to keep in mind is not so much who will be elected , but what that choice will reveal about the intentions of the country 's Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
Fortunately , the government did not attempt the impossible task of trying to separate winners from losers .
The KGB knew that there was really no need to keep his name secret , but , as KGB chief Ivan Serov told me , the enemy 's resources were limited , so let them waste their efforts trying to uncover `` non-secret '' secrets .
Back to the Brink in Ukraine The campaign for Ukraine 's parliamentary election of September 30th is scarcely underway and yet Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovich is already trying to steal it .
Nevertheless , Putin is trying to spend his way out of the crisis .
Across the centuries , there have been wars , started by both sides , and partitions of Poland executed by the Russians , followed by attempts at `` Russification , '' with the Russian Christian Orthodox Empire trying to control the `` silver-tongued , '' `` deceptive , '' West European-oriented Catholic Poland .
Because the Polish leaders refused to exonerate the Russians , Stalin accused the Poles of collaborating with the Germans in trying to shift the blame for Nazi crimes onto Russians .
To be sure , such initiatives have not become substantial , and the political opposition is constantly trying to appropriate them to make their own case more credible .
You expect nothing . You can only keep trying , keep pushing .
In 2004 , the European Union , the United States , and a good part of the international community invested considerable energy in trying to resolve the conflict once and for all .
However , trying to paint our carefully constructed foreign-policy initiatives with imperialist overtones is not only a stark mispresentation , but also does gross injustice to our well-intentioned efforts to stabilize our region .
As a result , Hatoyama 's administration seems to be trying to emulate South Korea 's former Roh Moo-hyun administration , which foolishly sought to distance that country from its main defensive partner , the US .
Even before the trawler incident , China was trying to regulate rare-earths , defining them as a strategic resource .
The Chinese navy , it is now believed , is trying to achieve that very aim .
The New Year provides a perfect opportunity for Jean-Claude Trichet to resolve that , despite the more trying circumstances in which he must operate , his own policies and procedures will more faithfully reflect Duisenberg and his legacy .
Even though the big countries are trying to marginalize them at almost every turn , the small countries can not unite to fight the common enemy .
While trying to build on the limited progress of recent years , they will have to confront a number of additional obstacles in building a cohesive and sustainable peace on the Korean Peninsula .
The major stumbling block for the world in trying to relieve the suffering in Gaza is how to finesse the biggest bloc in the Palestinian Legislative Council , Ismael Hanieh 's Islamist list of Reform and Change .
Pulling away from dictators without trying to take credit for or hijack the revolt was exactly what was required .
As it struggles to form a government for the Palestinian territories , Hamas seems to be clutching to the Biblical verses in Ecclesiasties rather than the desires of the Quartet -LRB- the United States , Russia , the European Union , and the United Nations -RRB- charged with trying to bridge the Israeli-Palestinian divide .
Moreover , Hamas , like most Palestinians , is trying to evaluate the best way forward in the peace process .
Comparing the human losses of Finland and Estonia throughout the 20 ` th century , it is clear that trying to avoid conflict and accepting paper guarantees imposed greater losses in percentage terms on us than on Finland .
Aside from a humanitarian crisis , with thousands drowning each year trying to reach Europe and thousands more detained , there is the soaring expense of border controls and bureaucracy , a criminalized people-smuggling industry , and an expanding shadow economy , where illegal migrants are vulnerable to exploitation , labor laws are broken and taxes go unpaid .
Moreover , Russia is trying to build a relationship of `` asymmetric interdependence '' with the EU .
NATO has been trying for years -- without success -- to get its member states to spend the required 2 % of GDP on defense .
The opposition -- trying to trump the government -- insists on an almost 40 % increase in renewable energy , at a cost of almost ¤ 10 billion annually , with every euro doing just ¤ 0.025 worth of good for the world .
Hansen is not alone in trying to blame others for his message 's becoming harder to sell .
But the United Nations and national governments spend billions of dollars each year trying to help those in need without explicitly considering whether they are achieving the most that they can .
Instead of single-mindedly trying to force people to do without carbon-emitting fuels , the Hartwell group suggests that we pursue a number of other worthy goals -- for example , adaptation , reforestation , encouraging biodiversity , and improving air quality -- each of which is important , and all of which may also reduce carbon emissions .
Russia and the EU would continue trying to consolidate their positions by competing for influence over their mutual neighbors .
It is also realistic in not even trying to defend Iraq 's borders against American air power .
For jailing Liu on the absurd charge of trying to overthrow the Chinese state is typical of the type of thinking found in the closed societies of twentieth-century communism , where the state asserted its absolute right to judge every thought and every thinker .
Indeed , the only viable long-term strategy to adopt , therefore , is to stop trying to isolate Iran and instead nudge Iranians into engaging more with modern Asia .
The US government will no longer be able to afford to invest hundreds of billions of dollars -LRB- the cost in Iraq alone will run into the trillions -RRB- trying to supply other people with decent government .
Reducing the deficit by cutting funds for education , infrastructure , and research and development is akin to trying to lose weight by cutting off three fingers . Most of the weight will remain , and one 's life prospects will have worsened significantly .
Other countries ' governments , it seems , have been trying to distance themselves from the problem , fearing a contagion that they know is likely to spread .
Deposit insurance creates what economists call `` moral hazard , '' people who are insured against an unpleasant event are not as careful as they would otherwise be in trying to avoid that event .
Consequently , he was aloof from the DPJ 's feud with Japan 's powerful bureaucratic mandarins , who are desperately trying to safeguard the longstanding bureaucratic\/cabinet system in which the once-ruling Liberal Democratic Party -LRB- LDP -RRB- passed mandarin-drafted , cabinet-sponsored bills and budgets , almost continuously , for five decades .
Evidently , he is trying to redefine the relationship , probably with a view to enhancing Japan 's freedom of maneuver in foreign and security policy .
The African Union , which replaced the Organization for African Unity -LRB- OAU -RRB- in 2002 , is trying to reproduce the European Union 's institutions and ways of acting .
In trying to depict its current dealings with Africa as `` win-win '' cooperation , China deliberately seeks to portray Africa 's current relations with the West as exploitative .
Trying to pool these traditions may look like trying to square a circle .
Likewise , hundreds , if not thousands , of Africans die every year trying to reach the shores of Fortress Europe .
We saw what Save the Children is trying to do about it , at a nutrition center serving mothers and children in Gaza City .
So said Dr. Victor Frankenstein when his `` creation '' was complete . Researchers have long been fascinated with trying to create life , but mainly they have had to settle for crafting variations of living organisms via mutation or other techniques of genetic engineering .
Whereas the `` Middle Kingdom '' is proudly regaining its former global status after centuries of decline , Russia is defiantly trying to resurrect its former imperial status , but in a manner that appears doomed to fail .
In trying to decipher Asia 's diplomatic future , Europeans are confronted , so to speak , with an `` embarrassment of riches . ''
Or is Sarkozy simply trying to capitalize on his global visibility to reinforce his popularity at home , where a majority of French citizens continue to support their hyperactive president 's diplomatic leadership ?
Today , France 's black minority is trying to organize itself along the lines of the Jewish minority .
The West is not trying , as it did during the Crusades or the Imperialist conquests of the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries , to impose its religion or values on the Arabs .
President Barack Obama rejected many of the policies of the George W. Bush administration that were seen as trying to force democracy on Arab countries .
State prosecutors alleged that the party was trying to `` Islamicize '' the country and ultimately introduce theocracy .
In Italy , Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi precipitated a constitutional crisis by trying to rush through emergency legislation to prevent a comatose patient from being taken off life support . This reminded many observers of what the America 's Republican Party tried to do in order to demonstrate its `` pro-life commitments '' during George W. Bush 's presidency .
Zimbabwe 's upcoming elections , scheduled for March 29 , offer both fear and hope to the millions trapped in or trying to escape the country 's hellish conditions .
I experienced directly the difficulty of trying to offer an alternative view of Iraq and its cultural life .
We had a terrible time trying to publish our writings or getting coverage of the society 's activities .
In trying them , the ICTY has been a model of fairness at all times .
Two young men were recently sentenced to prison for trying to set fire to the artist 's home .
Of course , stability requires agreement between the two key actors ; and there are sure to be plenty of opponents and allies trying to stir up trouble between them .
The dilemma must be overcome by allowing curiosity to be protected and supported , while trying to capture those of its fruits that will benefit society .
Like Franklin Roosevelt , who acted very cautiously in trying to persuade American opinion to abandon isolationism in the 1930 's , Merkel has proceeded cautiously on saving the euro .
Some skeptics argue that one man 's terrorist is another man 's freedom fighter , and that treating suppression of terrorism as a global public good is thus merely the hypocrisy of the powerful trying to disarm the weak .
Even Rumsfeld is trying to be conciliatory !
In trying to repair communism , he punched a hole in it .
What Iraq has taught is the importance of developing civil society and the rule of law before trying to hold broad-based elections .
The danger is that Party leaders , trying to counter the erosion of communism , will turn to nationalism to provide ideological glue , which could lead to an unstable foreign policy -- including , for example , conflict over Taiwan .
Not only is the US military busy trying in Iraq , but the way the US went into Iraq - which proved to have fewer nuclear capabilities than Iran - undermined American credibility , making it difficult to recruit allies to contain Iran 's nuclear ambitions .
As one experienced diplomat put it , `` if you 're trying to negotiate an exchange-rate deal with 20 countries or a bailout of Mexico , as in the early Clinton days , with 20 countries , that 's not easy .
So , while China is trying to moderate the current crisis , its influence is limited .
So , the G-20 's endorsement of the Fund 's guidelines would not be wise for a world economy trying to recover from one financial crisis while preventing the next one .
Recent IMF reforms are just a step in the direction of trying to create better financial instruments to help these countries .
Under fire from shareholders , and facing investigations in the United States , the United Kingdom , and the Netherlands for misrepresenting its oil reserves , Royal Dutch\/Shell is trying to shift the blame to Nigeria .
Such rights can be tolerated only as minimum social safeguards , which the ADB is trying to neuter through another ongoing review .
As governments across the West have become increasingly bogged down trying to fix a broken economy , China has been formulating a whole series of new , well-considered policies and forging ahead with bold decision-making to tackle one daunting problem after another .
Otherwise , it will appear that no amount of negotiation can help set the Caucasus straight -- powerfully undermining a key restraint preventing the two sides from trying again to achieve a military solution .
In the US , this has complicated the Federal Reserve 's task . The Fed has been trying to slow demand growth and cool the housing price bubble to avoid inflation , but carry trade speculators have been easing credit .
But what if , instead of trying to mimic nature , a new kind of life could be invented from scratch ?
The scientists who invented the STM were n't trying to build assemblers , and they never heard of K. Eric Drexler .
They were just trying to understand basic surface physics .
On the Israeli side , which political leaders really want a Palestinian state and are prepared to take the political risks associated with trying to establish one ?
Second , he and his administration were so busy trying to build consensus that they watered down some of the vital ingredients of the stimulus package , and failed to defend it robustly from Republican attack .
There may sometimes be a downside in trying to woo your opponents .
They are prepared to spare governments from too much criticism , if they think they are trying to do what is right for everyone .
So my own hope is that Obama will not be dissuaded from trying to work with his opponents , to build consensus , and to deal courteously even with those whose views he may thoroughly dislike .
Munich -- the 1938 meeting between Adolf Hitler , Édouard Daladier , Neville Chamberlain , and Benito Mussolini -- is a frequent witness summoned to court by politicians trying to argue the case for foreign adventures .
North Korea may also have a few bombs . Iran is believed by many to be trying to develop one .
The bravery of the staff in trying to protect the hotel 's clients deserves the applause of every world traveler .
Making a coherent , well-argued case is surely the best way in the long-term of trying to mobilize consent for any course of action .
Third , as has always happened in the past , the world is trying with some difficulty to adjust to the arrival of a new and very big kid on the block .
There was also a strong suspicion that the French were trying to find a way to buy off Turkey with a relationship falling well short of European Union membership .
So Sarkozy deserves at least two and a half cheers for trying to revitalize it .
Forget the distraction of trying to create an alternative to the UN -- the so-called `` League of Democracies . '' It wo n't work .
There is no point even trying to feed tuna anything but fish .
By agreeing to significant compromises , the leaders of some new member states were , among other things , trying to show that rekindling strong national egoism in Europe is a dangerous , if not uncontrollable , game .
In order to justify their authoritarian rule and camouflage from the Russian public their massive theft of the country 's resources , the global kleptocrats have already convinced ordinary Russians that they are surrounded by ruthless enemies who are trying to dismember and destroy Russia .
The two of them are building , or trying to build , the Nord Stream gas pipeline , an exceptionally costly project that satisfies twin strategic objectives .
Nowadays , the first thing countries trying to get rich seem to do is import dozens of lawyers .
It happened in the 1930 's , when one country after another abandoned the gold standard , trying to export its unemployment .
But , even as he uttered those words , his administration was working behind the scenes to subvert the will of Pakistan 's people by trying to dictate the composition of their next coalition government and prop up the election 's biggest loser , President Pervez Musharraf .
This is what makes today 's beggar-thy-neighbor policies so destructive : though some countries will eventually have to absorb the surpluses and capital , each country is trying to avoid them .
Government spending -- especially on unemployment benefits , aid to states , and some construction projects -- probably helped avert a more wrenching downturn , but continued red ink worries households , which are also trying to rebuild savings and reduce debt after a spending binge .
The lesson for policymakers is clear : instead of constantly trying to boost spending and potentially creating problems for the future , a more sustainable way to improve job growth is to facilitate the `` re-skilling '' of the unemployed , especially those who were in construction-related jobs .
In the wake of his illness , Chávez is trying to strengthen his movement .
But , through a policy of terror extending from Oaxaca in the south , through Acapulco on the Pacific coast , and up to the great border cities of Tijuana and Juarez -LRB- Mexico 's sixth and seventh most populous cities , respectively -RRB- , they have made it abundantly clear that they are trying to achieve impunity .
If you are trying to have it both ways , the chances are you have made up your mind before you have really thought hard about it .
A government that makes no mistakes when promoting industry is one that makes the bigger mistake of not trying hard enough .
But trying to redress budget deficits in the midst of a collapse in domestic demand makes problems worse , not better .
Would I have been tempted by arguments such as : `` We are trying to develop our economy , and you can really help us with your knowledge ? ''
Universities all over the world are falling over each other trying to deepen their engagement with China .
But I also believe that he is trying to develop his economy , and I offer policy advice because I believe it may benefit ordinary Ethiopians .
For Fukushima , crews are valiantly trying to stop the radiation leakage .
Thanks to America 's gaping trade deficits , the biggest headache of every developing country finance minister nowadays is trying to keep his or her country 's currency from going up too fast against the dollar .
Besides , it is not like there is huge profit for G-8 leaders in trying to collect coins from impoverished peoples living on a dollar a day .
As all but the most belligerent critics of US President George W Bush will acknowledge , America has taken an important lead in trying to make things marginally better .
It is increasing aid , but it is trying to focus the benefits on countries that are reasonably well governed .
As debt mounts and the recession lingers , we are surely going to see a number of governments trying to lighten their load through financial repression , higher inflation , partial default , or a combinations of all three .
Indeed , G-20 governments now face the daunting prospect of trying to rein in the monster they have created .
The European Commission spent the last three years trying to tighten the exchange rate criterion , which would make it an insurmountable obstacle for eurozone candidates .
Intervention inside the narrow band would be discouraged -LRB- banned ? -RRB- , so that rather than trying to force the foreign exchange market to fit the policies of a candidate country , we would be `` listening '' to what markets say about the best rate for conversion to the euro .
Merging zombie banks is like drunks trying to help each other stand up .
Indeed , a practical definition of a financial crisis is an event that forces policy officials to spend a long weekend trying desperately to announce a new bailout package in order to avoid national and global panic before the markets open on Monday .
By trying to do too much -- or believing that one can achieve more than is possible -- the result can be failure and certainly will be disappointment .
But even if international institutions or Lebanon do nothing , Israel will attack any Hizballah forces trying to get close enough to cross the border or fire rockets at Israeli civilians .
The regime may respond by trying to tighten the noose .
Israel refused even to negotiate with the Hamas-led Palestinian government , trying to squeeze it financially and make it capitulate .
The war party appears to be trying to whip up American public opinion in support of a wider conflict .
For several years , the Bush administration tried to hide the facts from the public , deleting references to manmade climate from government documents and even trying to suppress statements by leading government scientists .
Yet ten years later , the same Signor Cavallo is trying to fend off recession and government default .
In 1936 , John Maynard Keynes demonstrated the futility of trying to balance the budget in the midst of an economic depression .
Now , Argentines are emigrating to Europe and the US in large numbers and are trying to convert Pesos to dollars at any opportunity .
Bolivia 's peasant coca cultivators are viewed not as indigenous people trying to survive in a region mostly without jobs , but as drug traffickers .
Finally , different clans around the president have long been trying to promote their own candidates for succession .
They focus on ending organ trafficking but ignore the time-tested truth that trying to stamp out illicit markets either drives them further underground or causes corruption to reappear elsewhere .
There is a paradox here : while China 's central government is trying to provide national environmental leadership , local governments have often resisted .
For the last two decades , Chinese leaders have been diligently trying to build a new edifice in order to gain some of that missing respect .
His odyssey began on June 4 , 1989 , when he spent a horrific night trying to save hundreds of wounded and dying victims who flooded through his hospital 's eighteen operating rooms as the People 's Liberation Army opened fire on its way to Tiananmen Square .
Because the brain of a person trying to tickle herself anticipates the sensations that will be caused by her fingers -- a process performed within the cerebellum -- the sensation no longer tickles .
Tickling yourself is as futile as trying to make yourself richer by writing yourself a check -- or selling yourself your house for twice its current market price .
While experts are busy trying to explain the Maoists ' unprecedented triumph , much hope rests on the newly elected members of the 601-seat Constituent Assembly .
The success or failure of the Constituent Assembly will rest on whether the presumptive winner , the Communist Party of Nepal -LRB- Maoists -RRB- , will work collaboratively with the other parties rather than trying to push its own agenda exclusively .
The idea that stocks will perform well in the future has many promoters today , especially among those trying to sell investments in stocks .
We are trying to extrapolate the past experience of a small fraction of the world population that we have chosen to examine because they made a lot of money .
Savulescu proposes that instead of trying to detect whether an athlete has taken drugs , we should focus on measurable indications of whether an athlete is risking his or her health .
In trying to account for the way British newspapers sneered at her good intentions , he said : `` My own and only explanation is that genuine goodness is threatening to those at the opposite end of the moral spectrum . ''
There is nothing racist about trying to learn what the facts are .
Quite apart from these weak attempts to justify Bush 's statement as `` technically accurate , '' the more serious charge is that even if what Bush said really were technically accurate , it still would have been designed to mislead the world into thinking that Iraq had been trying to buy uranium in Africa .
Tucker says that he has stood on the beach in Padang , looking out at the ocean and trying to imagine what it would be like to see a five-meter-high wall of water stretching across the horizon , bearing down on the city .
NEW DELHI -- Barack Obama , the sixth American president to visit India since it gained independence , arrives at a trying time , both for the United States and for India .
Investors have reacted by trying to get out of the euro and , in particular , steer clear of Greek government debt .
What Europe is trying to do in Portugal and Greece is reminiscent of central banks ' futile efforts in past decades to keep exchange rates away from the market equilibrium price level .
Europe , too , will get a bloody nose if it keeps trying to artificially prop up asset prices in the periphery .
This is true , but the same result can be achieved by paying off foreign debt , which is a better policy , especially at the outset , when the fund is trying to build up credibility .
But this is like trying to get fat by buying a larger belt .
In short , having brought rights home , the Blair government ended up trying to hide them under the sofa .
MADRID -- On October 2nd in Istanbul , Syria 's disparate opposition movements gave the go-ahead for the formation of a `` Syrian National Council . '' This is the most important step yet taken by the fragmented forces that have been trying since May to lead a peaceful uprising against President Bashar al-Assad 's regime .
The US has been behind the curve from the moment the turmoil sparked , trying to play catch up as two authoritarian governments were toppled by popular protest and more regimes try to cling to power as long as they can .
These tools can be used by Iranians fighting dictatorship , or by Tibetan dissidents trying to save their culture .
The French government , in this same spirit , has gone after public-sector workers ' extravagant pension benefits , as well as the legal retirement age , trying to increase it from 62 to 65 .
In the meantime , as the debate continues , my contributions help to ensure that the money spent by those trying to reelect President Bush does n't overwhelm the process .
Currently , the judiciary is incapable of trying a case of petty theft much less of ensuring human rights .
The authorities are trying to buy time , but time is running out . The crisis is rapidly reaching a climax .
This approach would be more effective than trying to force individual states to comply .
In time , however , as the impact of Mandela 's reputation faded , South Africa became just another country desperately trying to cope with immense social and economic deprivation and anxious for the foreign investment crucial to economic growth .
These countries ' authorities are now trying to shield their banks from losses by feigning neighborly concern for the Irish government .
So should voters trying to decide between the two simply look at it as a matter of choosing alternative management teams ?
By contrast , the new left is trying to make markets work .
It avoids the hopeless task of trying to value millions of complex mortgages and the even more complex financial products in which they are embedded , and it deals with the `` lemons '' problem -- the government gets stuck with the worst or most overpriced assets .
The Fed is engaged in the difficult task of trying to set not just the short-term interest rate , but longer-term rates as well .
The IMF has been trying to create an alternative .
And , having played a central role in creating the current mess , it is now trying to regain face .
It is good that the Fed is trying to make amends for its dismal pre-crisis performance .
More recently , oil companies have demonstrated little conscience in providing money that feeds guerrilla movements -- so long as their own interests are preserved . When , in Angola , one brave firm , BP , wanted to do the right thing by trying to make sure that oil royalties actually go to the government , rather than to corrupt officials , other oil companies refused to go along .
Yet they freely interfere with democratic processes within countries they are supposedly trying to help .
This record suggests that one should think twice before trying shock therapy again .
Cheney 's answer was jarring : he said that because the detainees were captured in Afghanistan where they had been trying to kill US troops , the rules regarding prisoners of war did not apply .
Some countries , notably Nigeria , are trying to implement these lessons .
While Secretary O'Neill may preach that the problems of the world arise not from too much but from too little of a market economy , trying to create a new global cartel in steel only makes sense for big steel businesses .
This would be a major step forward in trying to create a fair trade regime that promotes development .
Each government party is afraid of losing votes to its coalition partners , and undermines or blocks whatever the government is trying to do .
For a while , the US tried to question Brazil 's ownership by trying to force a discussion of the `` internationalization '' of the oceans and their mineral resources .
This may not seem like much of a concession . But the junta seems to be trying to cause less offense .
But the ultimate reality will remain that of a coalition government trying to make progress in a contentious polity .
Possibly the biggest obstacle to more effective treatment is that the diagnostic category `` major depression '' is so heterogeneous as to be outright unhelpful when trying to decide on a therapeutic plan for an individual patient .
The title he gave to his version of the facts , after trying out `` Hiroshima as a victimization '' -LRB- the Japanese point of view -RRB- and `` Hiroshima as a triumph '' -LRB- the American point of view -RRB- , was `` Hiroshima as a tragedy . ''
The US continues to pressure Peru 's government to shoot down planes supposedly linked to drug trafficking , and is trying to convince Evo Morales 's new government in Bolivia to continue a failed `` war on drugs . ''
The recently established `` Group of Friends '' -LRB- Argentina , Brazil , and Colombia -RRB- is trying to promote confidence-building and conflict-prevention measures .
Although Uribe is now technically a `` lame duck '' president , he does retain considerable influence , and is trying hard to keep the issue of internal security -- the central focus of his presidency -- at the heart of the electoral battle .
Putin is shooting back , accusing the West of trying to weaken and dismember Russia .
Putin himself once blamed the West for trying to channel Muslim radicalism toward Russia .
Rather than behaving like an empire secretly trying to re-invent itself , Russia has an opportunity to become a regional leader .
After initially trying to delay reunification , France embraced it , in exchange for Germany 's reaffirming its commitment to European unity and Franco-German leadership of the European community .
At first glance , the almost constant bombardment of integration proposals in Latin America makes it appear as if the region 's presidents are trying to outdo each other in seeing who can come up with the greatest number of proposals .
Fear of the Muslim Brotherhood , which is only marginally involved in an uprising that it did not initiate and has no hope of controlling , is no excuse for trying to save a failing regime .
Now it is trying to do the same in Gaza .
This history and evolution matter in trying to understand today 's Chinese entrepreneurs .
According to Perminov , the proposals that Roscosmos is considering do not envision trying to destroy the asteroid , but rather to use the laws of physics to change its path .
Given the stakes , continuing to rely on proven approaches , even while trying to promote a world with fewer and safer nuclear weapons , is a judicious strategy .
The biggest danger posed by that rather abrupt and harsh process of transformation is that , in trying to become open , a society risks disintegrating in the effort .
The starting point for the West in trying to assist Egypt 's transition must be recognition that patient , long-term engagement will be required .
At the same time , growing numbers of traditional source countries for students , from South Korea to Saudi Arabia , are trying to improve both the quantity and quality of their own degrees , engaging in a fierce -- and expensive -- race to recruit students and create world-class research universities of their own .
Breaking Burma 's Isolation NEW YORK -- The Obama administration 's decision to seek a new way forward in United States-Burma relations recognizes that decades of trying to isolate Burma -LRB- Myanmar -RRB- in order to change the behavior of its government have achieved little .
As Ken Wooden of the organization Child Lures Prevention puts it , the TSA 's `` incredibly misinformed and misguided '' advice `` is completely contrary to what we in the sexual-abuse prevention field have been trying to accomplish for the past 30 years . ''
As one TSA supervisor said to me after my own sexualized pat-down , `` This is about bureaucracy -- people trying to cover their asses -- and there is a ton of money involved as well . ''
Is it any wonder , then , that so many rational people are trying to make sense of a political reality that really has become unusually opaque ?
They certainly deserve the better government that the DPJ is trying to give them .
And dogs do n't gesture with their forepaws or use an elaborate grammatical language when trying to explain things .
Britain 's government is beginning to recognize the danger , and is trying to clamp down on schools and mosques that spread hate .
Throughout the region , newly mobilized -LRB- and thus empowered -RRB- Arab youth are trying to move their countries towards reform and liberalization .
As a result , the regime may be trying to divert people 's attention from internal difficulties and push them to unite behind the emerging new leader .
The international community would lose nothing by trying this approach and testing the regime 's will to reform .
Rather than spending energy on trying to build large-scale institutions covering the entire region , it would be better to focus more on smaller , issue-oriented institutions .
It is the Chinese who have endowed the term `` financial center '' with such weight and meaning by trying to dissect the functions of such cities and quantify every detail .
CHICAGO -- In trying to understand the pattern and timing of government interventions during a financial crisis , we should probably conclude that , to paraphrase the French philosopher Blaise Pascal , politics have incentives that economics can not understand .
Either officials recognize immediately the inevitability of default and waste no resources trying to prevent it , or they believe that a default can be avoided and deploy all the resources at their disposal as fast as possible .
Countries are trying to break the credit freeze , bolster financial institutions , ease interest rates , strengthen safety nets , and revive consumption and investment in order to boost business , enable people to work , and lay the foundation for future growth .
