Outsiders watching these shifts , and the Pakistani government 's handling of them , have been unable to discern a consistent pattern that would explain Pakistani policy .
Only governments that are chronically unable to finance their outlays with domestic taxes or domestic debt must keep borrowing large sums abroad .
But , with their government unable to do anything about the expansion of Israeli settlements , including in East Jerusalem , as well as continued conflicts over holy sites in Hebron , Bethlehem , and the Al-Aksa mosque , West Bank Palestinians are extremely frustrated .
Indeed , this is precisely what happened with the Russians : the most qualified have already gone to the US . Europe has been unable to attract much more than a few disreputable oligarchs , who migrated to the French Riviera , and a handful of lively street singers .
Inequality can be accepted , but not if it is the fruit of corruption , and this remains China 's foremost social problem , which the Party has been unable to eradicate , despite Caijng 's exposés and the death penalty .
Yet the pogrom at the Sakharov museum provoked a chain reaction of similar attacks on contemporary art by Orthodox fundamentalists whom the church has been unable to control .
Putin is too jealous of power to delegate . Because he wants to make all decisions , he replaced a strong prime minister and chief of staff with two men unable to make decisions .
High-level corruption is so rampant that Russia appears unable to build major public infrastructure projects .
On the contrary , with a young , well-educated population unable to find suitable work , the regime has created its own cadre of potential protestors , who are aware that it is using empty slogans to keep the state of emergency and stay in power .
Peretz was unable to gauge the strategic implications of his decisions .
But what sometimes gets lost in this narrative is that , while practically all sectors of Palestinian Arab society rejected the UN plan , Palestinians were unable to devise coherent political institutions and a unified military command with which to confront the much smaller Jewish community .
With Palestinians unable to agree among themselves on a minimal national consensus , how can peace be established between them and Israel ?
Afghans ' fears and concerns are focused on what legacy will be left behind , and whether the Afghan state can provide security , justice , and good governance , which it has so far been unable to deliver in the face of an insurgency whose strength is not significantly weakened .
The EU 's objectives are precisely those that countries are unable to achieve on their own , for example , a stronger economy and greater security .
Instead , they clung to hard-line positions , leaving Mubarak unable to find a solution to the impasse .
But if rebel troops are unable to advance toward the capital of Tripoli , and instead remain deadlocked with Qaddafi 's forces between the towns of Ajdabiyya and Brega , the opposition will face a serious dilemma .
Many investors are unable to examine the extent to which a bond fund 's high yield is due to risk-taking , and would thus benefit from a rating of the fund 's holdings .
The `` surge '' will end sooner or later , and the Iraqis , crippled by violence and corruption , will still be incapable of uniting their polity , and , with their military still unable to take over from the Americans , jihadi and inter-ethnic violence is bound to erupt again .
The insurgents in Iraq , as the British admit , were able in just three years to cope with their enemies ' technological superiority in a way that the IRA in Northern Ireland was unable to do in 30 years .
For example , given its member states ' current resources , the EU , acting alone , would be unable to ensure a Western commitment in Afghanistan .
Because private investors are unable to appropriate the returns , private markets invest too little in basic science .
Adding to the pressure , America would expect the kind of cooperation in pacifying Pakistan 's tribal areas that Musharraf has proven unable to provide .
Although Yushchenko seems unable to save himself politically , Europe can help both him and Ukraine 's democracy .
But military dominance alone is unable to confer authority , as the Afghan quagmire reminds us every day .
The composite dialogue was put on hold , with both sides unable to cast off the heavy burden of decades of hostility and intense rivalry .
The economy is in shambles , and unable to meet the International Monetary Fund demands for its continued support .
If the IMF terminates its current program , Pakistan will be unable to service its foreign debt .
Yet Germans , too , are unable to suppress such feelings .
For more than six months , the country has been unable to form a government that is able to unite the French-speaking Walloons -LRB- 32 % -RRB- and Dutch-speaking Flemish -LRB- 58 % -RRB- .
These parties and movements share a sense that native-born citizens have been let down by liberal political elites , who seem unable or unwilling to stem the tide of immigration , crime , and Islamist militancy , as well as the erosion of national sovereignty by EU bureaucracy and global capitalism .
Europeans do not accept the Bush administration 's strategic vision , and the US is unable to pursue that vision without European support .
The subplot is inevitably how a Latin American country that once seemed more like Europe developed all the maladies of its Southern neighbors : a state unable to guarantee public health and education ; a growing gap between rich and poor ; the disappearance of the middle class ; and the decline of industrial capacity in favor of producing raw materials .
By so doing , Bush 's team left America 's friends in Latin America - no less than in Europe and elsewhere - in a hapless situation : rightly unable and unwilling to support the US march of folly , and understandably reluctant to poison hemispheric relations in general with the type of strident criticism that local public opinion demands .
It is understandable that he wishes to distinguish himself from his predecessor , Vicente Fox , who was unable to get meaningful reforms through Congress .
Second , while the succession arrangement that the Castros designed years ago has the advantage of stability and predictability , Raúl will be unable to replace the old guard with younger leaders -LRB- his successor in the Armed Forces is 72 and his vice-president is 77 -RRB- .
He proved unable to forge lasting legislative coalitions , leading Calderón to decide that his first break with the past should consist in building alliances to enact reform .
The logical conclusion of all this is evident : since Mexican President Felipe Calderón himself can not be both president and drug czar , and is rightly unwilling and logically unable to carry out the necessary day-to-day interagency coordination in Mexico , the void will be filled by someone else .
Likewise , the Mumbai-based NGO Pratham 's Annual Status of Education Report 2005 , which was prepared after a survey in 28 states and union territories , reveals that 35 % of children in the 7-14 age group are unable to read simple paragraphs , while 41 % failed to solve a simple two-digit subtraction problem or a division problem .
No , Brigitte Bardot -- we still anticipate the arrival of Gerard Depardieu any day now -- and other celebrities , people unable to shed a tear for our unwanted orphans or for the mass poverty left behind by Ceausecu , fly into Bucharest -LRB- undoubtedly by first class -RRB- to protect the wild dogs and denounce our mayor .
Eurozone governments have proven unwilling , or unable , to produce a solution that persuades markets that they are on top of the problem .
Worse , the government might be unable to refinance its debt at all , and then would have to cut spending and raise taxes sharply .
And when the second group discovers that interest rates do n't always stay low , many of them will be unable to meet their higher mortgage payments and will likewise try to dump their properties .
Social-democratic governments have been on the defensive against those who claim that redistributing wealth exacts too high a cost on economic growth , and unable to convince voters to fund yet another massive expansion of higher education .
But if the system of financial intermediation collapses in universal bankruptcy , producers of tradable goods will be unable to get financing to expand .
That way , if a small minority of EU governments prove unable to ratify the treaty , it would not be torpedoed the way that its predecessor , the Constitutional Treaty , was in 2005 .
It should come as no wonder that smallholders and agricultural laborers represent a combined 70 % of those who are unable to feed themselves today .
The electoral process has been unable to guarantee decent democratic governance , rein in predatory practices among the political class , or make public officials follow established rules , keep them responsive to citizen preferences , and deter them from channeling public funds into private hands .
The main weakness of Latin America 's economies is that they will be unable to generate the type of rapid and sustained growth required to create jobs and reduce inequality and poverty .
Indeed , the country is rife with reports of desperate university graduates unable to find productive employment .
You are watching with legitimate concern -LRB- and a mixture of astonishment and anger -RRB- as Europe 's crippling debt crisis spreads and America 's dysfunctional politics leave it unable to revive its moribund economy .
Most believe that Putin is unable to intervene in his defense .
The core idea was simple : stop arguing for a `` right to intervene , '' which inevitably generates a backlash , and talk instead about `` responsibility '' -- that of every state to protect its own citizens from atrocities , but also that of the wider international community to act if a state is unable or unwilling to do so .
Migrant workers still feel unable truly to integrate into cities , because their social safety net remains anchored to their rural origins .
At that point , they will default . They would also be at least temporarily unable to borrow and would be strongly tempted to leave the single currency .
The usual monetary-policy response of lowering interest rates is unable to reverse this sharp drop in demand .
The dysfunctional credit markets caused by the uncertain value of asset-backed securities means that banks and other financial institutions are unable to raise funds and are unwilling to lend .
The increase in leverage was driven in part by government policies aimed at expanding home ownership among lower-income groups that have proven unable to afford that life style .
The heart of the matter is this : the Sudanese government is either unable or unwilling to protect its own citizens from mass violence .
But these countries are unable to develop independently and lack a global power alternative .
The current crisis has , however , also shown that the Council of Finance Ministers -LRB- Ecofin -RRB- is unable to assert such control over EU member states ' fiscal policies .
Sooner or later , though , China 's government will come to realize that America 's role as a global regulator is indispensible for China 's vital foreign-policy interests , because China is unable to assume that role , other global players are n't available , and the only alternative to the US would be a breakdown of order .
Moreover , the situation was exacerbated by the incompetence of the region 's authoritarian regimes , which have been unable to provide their young people with any prospects beyond repression .
It was Japan , the high-tech country par excellence -LRB- not the latter-day Soviet Union -RRB- that proved unable to take adequate precautions to avert disaster in four reactor blocks .
Everyone knows that Greece will be unable to work its way out of crisis without massive debt relief .
The European financial crisis is really a political crisis , because EU leaders are unable to decide on the necessary measures .
In Iraq alone , the administration misestimated the threat of WMD , failed to plan adequately for the occupation , and then proved unable to adjust quickly when things went wrong .
And why , despite China 's rise , do its authorities seem increasingly unable to secure Chinese lives and commercial interests abroad ?
Today , there are roughly 700,000 Serb refugees in Serbia from Croatia and Bosnia who are unable or unwilling to return to their homes , including virtually all of Croatia 's Serbs , except those converted to Catholicism to become Croats .
Grandparents are often unable or unwilling to care for them , and the pathological education given to them by criminal gangs often puts them beyond the reach of any institution 's ability to rehabilitate them .
Saying No to Medical Technology As is recommended for all patients , DeBakey had an advance directive : he had stated , while in good health , what approach to medical care he would want if he became ill and unable to speak for himself .
DeBakey spent three months in the hospital , much of the time unable to speak or eat , let alone leave his bed , read , or interact with others .
But the US has also been unable to achieve the global status of a `` Yalta superstate . ''
Once too many houses have been built , the existing overhang depresses the market for a very long time , and unemployed construction workers are usually unable to find jobs elsewhere .
With popular resistance to paying for profligate southern Europeans rising in Germany and Holland , governments there might be forced to ask their people whether they want to pay the huge costs implied by their commitments to bail out eurozone members that are unwilling or unable to pay .
Even if a Palestinian state committed to peaceful coexistence were created , down the road Israel may be unable to avoid the fate of Northern Ireland .
Necessity may also lead to reducing or even eliminating sovereignty when a government , whether from a lack of capacity or conscious policy , is unable to provide for the basic needs of its citizens .
The danger is not renewed Japanese militarism , but rather a Japan that is unable and unwilling to do its share to meet the regional and global challenges facing Asia .
But whoever is elected will confront difficult choices if a nuclear-armed Pakistan remains unable or unwilling to act as an American partner and meet its responsibilities in the effort against terrorism .
But cells with mutated BRCA1 or BRCA2 genes are unable to undergo recombination and are therefore much more sensitive to an increased level of unrepaired single-strand breaks .
The reason is simple : cells that have recently lost the functional BRCA1 or BRCA2 allele and that will later grow into tumors will also be unable to undergo recombination .
Is the OSCE 's presence retarding the country 's independence and economic vitality by creating an image of a protectorate , a country unable to forge international agreements or join powerful international bodies on its own volition ?
He was unable to re-engage his Israeli adversaries or control his suicide-bound Palestinian militants . Nor was he able to contain let alone combat rampant corruption in the Palestinian Authority .
Many observers predicted that Indonesia , the world 's most populous Muslim country , would be unable to sustain democracy and would ultimately decline into chaos .
The fact that Maliki , despite his incumbency , has been unable to secure a second term seven months after the elections attests to the widespread opposition to his continued rule among Iraq 's political class .
When large banks are unable to play this role , and are forced to retrench , the likelihood of market volatility increases .
In August 1982 , Mexico shocked the world by declaring that it was unable to service its debt .
India and the world watch such events in horror , unable to decide how to respond .
The common denominator across the region is that , while its economies were growing , they were unable to generate enough jobs .
As long as we remain unable to make ourselves think and act in a civilized way , we can -- indeed , we must -- ensure that we do not become barbaric .
The decaying Soviet regime was unable to crush Russia 's growing democratic movement -- it would take Vladimir Putin to do that a decade later .
Each claims to be acting with the Supreme Leader 's full authority , but ultimately are unable to make commitments because they have little idea of what Khamenei wants to do .
Consumed with their test of wills , they are unable to make well-informed and nuanced decisions in their dealings with outsiders .
Government programs to supply these needs are plagued with corruption -LRB- by some estimates 50-70 % of all welfare spending in India is stolen -RRB- and unable to provide quality services .
Moreover , large companies have been unable to serve these populations ' needs , because to do so would require them to reinvent their existing business models around new product , distribution , and pricing paradigms .
After all , the Soviet Union collapsed not because of Ronald Reagan 's military build-up in the 1980 's , with which communism was unable to compete , but because the Soviet command economy had already become obsolete in the 1970 's .
A perfect storm is forming in the foreign exchange markets that threatens to catapult the euro to levels that will make even the euro-zone 's most efficient exporter -- Germany -- unable to compete in world markets .
The ECB 's inflationary bias will most likely be dropped , as the effect of the financial crisis and the US slowdown sends Europe 's economy into a spin that even the ever-optimistic ECB will be unable to deny .
Moreover , the UN and EU contingents , and the NATO forces in Kosovo , have been unable or unwilling to enforce the government 's writ in Ibarski Kola¨in , and scant attention has been paid to its shambolic economy .
The government created after the January 2006 elections has been unable to pay civil servants because of the international banking blockade and the refusal of Israel to transfer millions of tax dollars collected on behalf of the Palestinian people .
Palestinians were so locked in their opposition to Zionism that they were unable to appreciate the Jews ' existential needs , just as they failed to appreciate the effects of indiscriminate acts of violence against Israeli civilians .
The possibility of being unable to put food on the table fills parents with a deep sense of foreboding .
As a result , the Czech and Polish governments were unable to answer fundamental questions about the costs and benefits of the deployment for Polish and Czech national security . This allowed skeptics and opponents of missile defense to gain the upper hand in the internal debates in both countries .
The low representation of women in legislatures is not only a symbol of flaws in the functioning of Latin American democracies ; it also means that women legislators are unable to bring their intrinsically different approaches to policy into play .
Twenty years after the fall of the Iron Curtain , it remains divided , unable to unify into a global force .
The country 's economy remains unable to make optimal use of relatively high energy-export revenues .
This suggests that Russia , unable to compete with the world 's fast-developing countries , will have to direct its efforts towards protecting its waning assets .
The EU and NATO are unable to expand farther , even though they may want to maintain post-Soviet countries ' interest in membership in order to prevent their possible return to Russia 's orbit .
They are unable to add value to raw materials in order to sell processed goods in local and international markets and negotiate better prices and favorable trade rules .
Without skills , people find themselves locked out of productive , rewarding economic activities , leaving them unable to meet their needs for housing , healthcare and nutrition .
This is one of the main reasons why so many people are unable to take advantage of the many opportunities available in Africa .
This is so because those who interpret the Koran are learned only in religion , in its laws and practices , and thus are usually unable to understand today 's scientific miracles .
More is needed than a handful of combatants reintegrated , a school or two re-built , and an under-funded young government lauded abroad but unable to deliver jobs or law and order to its war-scarred people at home .
In the meantime , Japan will drift , unable to take any significant foreign policy decision at a time when Asia 's security landscape is changing rapidly .
Because the DPJ has neither an upper-house majority nor the two-thirds lower-house majority needed to override upper-house votes , his government will be unable to pass budget and\/or appropriation bills by the end of the current fiscal year , March 31 , 2011 .
Still , despite all these costly measures paid for by Africans , all the post-evaluation reports on completed projects indicated that the overwhelming majority of projects were unable to generate the revenues needed to service the debts that financed them .
True , China 's economy is now growing robustly and is not likely to face actual deflation anytime soon , but if China does fall into a zero-interest rate trap , the PBC , like the BOJ , would be unable to offset deflationary pressure in the event of a large exchange-rate appreciation .
While acknowledging that trauma is often all too memorable , these certain clinical trauma theorists assert that a condition known as `` traumatic dissociative amnesia '' leaves a large minority of victims unable to recall their trauma , precisely because it was so overwhelmingly terrifying .
But it is the advocates who misinterpret the data when attempting to show that victims are often unable to recall their traumatic experiences .
Advocates of traumatic amnesia misconstrue these reports as showing that victims are unable to remember the horrific event itself .
Yet if these individuals were unable to remember their abuse , on what basis would they attempt to recall it in the first place ?
But not thinking about something is not the same thing as being unable to remember it .
Nor he is overly worried about the domestic scene , since opponents are deeply divided and thus unable to offer an electoral alternative .
Finance Minister Giulio Tremonti is a safe pair of hands for the country 's fiscal policy , yet the government has been unable to revive economic growth .
And he was describing himself as well when he cited Bloch : `` Attached to my country , fed with her spiritual heritage and its history , unable to imagine any other country where I could breathe freely , I loved and served it with all my strength .
These concerns were reflected in the fact that the Society of Combatant Clergy , a conservative body , was unable to endorse Ahmadinejad 's candidacy .
The quality of children in poor households goes down as their quantity goes up , because poor families with many children are unable to invest enough in the education of each child to ensure that future adults benefit from a key determinant of economic success .
If we lose sight of that in our struggle against terrorism and its causes , we will be left unable to face successfully the long-term challenge of `` Chindia . ''
Ultimately , `` walls '' represent the realities that lay behind their construction -- realities that , unfortunately , later generations may be unable or unwilling to change .
Thus , Germany 's political class , confused about what it wants and generally unable to explain to citizens what it does , has responded with short-term solutions : yes , more Europe , but no European state ; yes , more money to pour down fiscal black holes , but no departure from the old Bundesbank orthodoxies .
Some European governments have evolved strong human rights polices but , for a variety of reasons , they have been unable , individually or collectively , to exert the influence of the US .
The US will remain the most powerful country in 2020 , but , paradoxically , the strongest state since the days of Rome will be unable to protect its citizens acting alone .
As with Rwanda in 1994 , the international community was united in its condemnation of the Balkan violence , but was unable to agree on effective joint action until late in the conflict , in 1995 , when a NATO peacekeeping force was sent to the troubled area .
Nonetheless , the US was unable to prevent the `` loss '' of China , `` roll back '' communism in Eastern Europe , prevent stalemate in the Korean War , defeat Vietnam 's National Liberation Front , or dislodge the Castro regime in Cuba .
There was a good deal of information about Al Qaeda in the American intelligence system , but the US was unable to process coherently the information that its various agencies had gathered .
Though these claims are easily discredited , the `` Yes '' side has been unable to provide voters with sufficient reasons to vote for the Treaty .
Much negotiating blood has been spilled on the Treaty , and its rejection a second time by Irish voters would leave the Union unable to ratify and implement its provisions ; this would inevitably lead to policy paralysis and institutional decay .
Corruption is widespread , and PDP politicians have been unable to deliver the prosperity and improved social services that Nigerians looked forward to following the return of democracy .
Elections had become a hollow ritual , matters of public policy were not important campaign issues , and the opposition was divided , poorly funded , and unable to devise a strategy to cut the PDP juggernaut to size .
Under such circumstances , even a brilliant leader , with an able staff and promising policies , will be unable to pursue his agenda .
Over a million Palestinians , unable to flee to either Egypt or Israel , have for years been ruled by a military junta that prioritizes the killing of Israelis , across the international border , at all costs .
At the same time , the information society and globalization have made ours a more insecure world , where we experience risks that politics-as-usual has been unable to address .
Following the verdict , bailiffs confiscated our equipment , prohibited the publishing house from printing our newspaper , and , most importantly , seized our business bank accounts , rendering us unable to pay the fine .
The election will not be entirely free , but the government will be unable to manipulate them entirely .
The problem with diplomatic paranoia is not that someone is after you , but that you are unable to tell the difference between a real enemy and an imagined one .
Under pressure to act without delay , and unable at this early stage to identify key priorities for structural reform , governments set themselves a long and ragbag to-do list .
And , if governments ' dependence on bond markets ' willingness to lend has not rendered them unable to reform financial regulation , this is all the more true for the EU and the G-20 .
Thailand 's six-decade-old incumbent regime , which relies on symbiosis between the monarchy and the military , is unable to tolerate elections that empower the rural masses unwittingly awakened by Thaksin 's premiership .
So , rather than hire in a panic at the first sign of recovery , as they did in the past , for fear that they will be unable to do so later and lose sales , firms today would rather ensure that the recovery is well established before hiring .
So , rather than hire in panic at the first sign of a recovery for fear that they will be unable to do so later and lose sales , firms would rather make sure that the recovery is well established before adding workers .
But the education system has been unable to provide enough of the labor force with the necessary education .
Cynical as it might seem , easy credit has been used throughout history as a palliative by governments that are unable to address the deeper anxieties of the middle class directly .
Unfortunately , the macroeconomic changes that countries must make involve actions to which even heads of state are unable to commit .
Had American forces not expelled the British from US territory in the first , and had Abraham Lincoln and the Union not prevailed in the second , the country would have been balkanized and unable to become the dominant power of the twentieth century .
Only American neo-conservatives , understandably grateful for his championing of the Iraq war and his ability to argue for it coherently and eloquently -LRB- unlike President Bush , who was and is unable to do either -RRB- , are sorry to see Blair go .
Similarly , billions of people are today unable to access or protect their legal rights because judicial and law enforcement systems are impoverished or lack integrity .
The fear is no longer that they will be unable to insulate themselves . It is that their economies could be dragged into much deeper crises than those that will be experienced at the epicenter of the sub-prime debacle .
First , the financial crisis has weakened the United States and Europe . They will be unwilling or unable to provide the kind of leadership that sustained multilateralism in the decades that followed World War II .
Today , they worry about spineless governments unable to take the tough actions needed to deal with the crisis .
If Germans are unable to stomach the idea of sharing a political community with Greeks , they might as well accept that economic union is as good as dead .
Some were unable ; others were unwilling .
But Mexico 's real obstacle is a political system unable to achieve any consensus on essential economic reforms .
But today 's social , economic , and political systems -- at least in developed countries -- are unable to withstand a peacetime decline in output of 15-20 % within a short period .
It would be preferable for China to find a way to substitute Chinese for US private consumption demand , but the system seems unable to move quickly in this direction .
Many borrowers , unable to get funding on reasonable terms domestically , were forced to take hard-currency loans from abroad , creating disastrous burdens when the ruble collapsed .
The eurozone 's peripheral countries , including Greece , Portugal , Ireland , and Spain , found themselves pinned to the mast of the common currency , unable to gain competitiveness through exchange-rate depreciation .
Finally , sovereign risk is rising -- consider the troubles faced by investors in Dubai , Greece , and other emerging markets and advanced economies . This has revived concerns that governments may be unable to backstop a too-big-to-save financial system .
Eventually , this can lead to default on euro-zone members ' public and foreign debt , as well as exit from the monetary union by fragile economies unable to adjust and reform fast enough .
But Leterme seems unable to keep his own country together , let alone unite Europe .
A higher exchange rate would reduce their current-account surpluses , because they are unable or unwilling to reduce their savings and sustain growth through higher spending on domestic consumption .
And , unlike in 2007-2010 , when every negative shock and market downturn was countered by more policy action by governments , this time around policymakers are running out of ammunition , and thus may be unable to trigger more asset reflation and jump-start the real economy .
With a worsening recession , many LBOs that were loaded with too much debt and not enough equity will fail as firms with lower profits or higher losses become unable to service their loans .
If we do not , we ordinary Indians will find ourselves -- like the ordinary citizens of Hitler 's Germany - unable to look our children in the eye because of our shame of what we allowed to happen .
Unwilling to change or work together , and unable to devise ways of appealing to voters , these once-powerful groups simply disappeared , leaving the AKP largely in control of the conservative electoral base .
They are mostly unable to harness advanced scientific knowledge to protect their citizens or participate in global negotiations on the challenges of climate , water , energy , biodiversity , and the like .
When peasants lack their own saving accounts and collateral , they are unable to borrow from banks to buy seeds , fertilizer , and irrigation .
Fourth , and finally , the failure of Lehman Brothers and near failure of the insurance giant AIG , incited a financial panic , in which even healthy firms are unable to obtain short-term bank loans or sell short-term commercial paper .
Obama so far seems unable to break this fiscal logjam . To win the 2008 election , he promised that he would not raise taxes on any household with income of less than $ 250,000 per year .
An honest appraisal would further show that the poorest countries are unable to raise sufficient funds to solve such problems on their own .
Yet the Red Crescent and other relief agencies have been unable to relieve Falluja 's civilian population .
Their brain trust is either in prison , under virtual house arrest , or unable to communicate freely .
The Truth about NATO Burden-Sharing BRUSSELS -- When discussing Afghanistan , many newspapers continue to suggest that some of Europe 's NATO allies are under-performing in Afghanistan , and are either unable or unwilling to make a greater effort .
Ban , who has just marked the half-way point in his five-year term in office , has so far been unable to attract a large worldwide audience for his activities . This is due , in part , to stylistic reasons , but also to the vagaries of UN diplomacy .
You can , however , succeed in tickling yourself through an intermediary -- a machine , for instance , that translates the movements of your fingers into sensations on the skin by a method indirect enough for the cerebellum to be unable to anticipate them .
But if the momentum toward better risk management continues , it will be the last real estate cycle in which homeowners are unable to protect themselves .
As then floated , the idea was simple : the government would protect people from the risk of losing their job and being unable to find a new one at the same wage .
The Gallup Index dropped sharply between the first week of July and the first week of August -- the period when US political leaders worried everyone that they would be unable to raise the federal government 's debt ceiling and prevent the US from defaulting on August 2 .
That would have pushed Kadyrov even further away from Russian control at a time when the Kremlin has become increasingly unable , and possibly reluctant , to purchase his loyalty .
They regarded Western democracies as weak -- unwilling or unable to respond to their evil extremism .
Recognizing the rights of great apes does not mean that they all must be set free , even those born and bred in zoos , who would be unable to survive in the wild .
Just as some humans are unable to fend for themselves and need others to act as their guardians , so , too , will great apes living in the midst of human communities .
After her death , his father , a villager who grows vegetables and gets other work when he can , was unable to care for him , and placed him in an orphanage .
If an incurably ill patient can refuse burdensome treatment , knowing that this refusal will mean his or her death , why should an incurably ill patient who is not being kept alive by any medical treatment , but finds that the illness itself makes life burdensome , be unable to seek assistance in escaping that burden ?
Normally , when patients are unable to make decisions about their treatment , the family 's wishes should be given great weight .
If drug companies target diseases that affect only people who are unable to pay high prices for drugs , they can not expect to cover their research costs , let alone make a profit .
Karlan 's research , and the results obtained at stickK , suggests that most people , when they are thinking calmly , have a sense of what is in their interests , but , faced with more immediate temptations , are often unable to keep to their plans .
PRINCETON -- Mahatma Gandhi acutely observed that `` the greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated . '' To seek to reduce the suffering of those who are completely under one 's domination , and unable to fight back , is truly a mark of a civilized society .
However , the holder of a CDO or MBS would be unable to take these homeowners to court . And even if he succeeded , homeowners could simply return their house keys , as they , too , enjoy the protection of non-recourse .
As home prices declined and one-third of US mortgage loans went under water -- that is , the property 's market value sank below the amount of the loan -- three million US homeowners lost their homes , unable to meet their payment obligations , making the CDOs and MBSs empty shells .
The country would then have been unable to price itself out of the market through an artificial debt-financed boom .
The unwillingness of the Chinese to consume enabled Americans to build new houses for many years on borrowed money and to maintain a level of consumption that the US economy was unable to finance on its own .
Without the additional money that GIPS central banks created in excess of their countries ' requirements for internal circulation , trade deficits could not have been sustained , and the GIPS ' commercial banks would have been unable to prop up asset prices -LRB- which all too often were those of government bonds -RRB- .
The German Bundesbank , which was forced to buy most of the bonds , strongly opposed the program , but was unable to stop it .
As no West European state wants welfare immigration , and because they are unable to discriminate between nationals and EU immigrants , they will begin to reduce their services .
But the challenges are enormous , and we will be unable to meet them without strong international support to help rebuild schools and clinics , put children back in school , and provide the foundation for vibrant private-sector growth .
For example , the Fund has been unable to complete a surveillance program with China for three years .
Actually , Germany , like most European countries , is politically and logistically unable to send meaningful military forces to Iraq .
Despite our growing interconnectedness , the UN Security Council has not yet been unable to achieve sufficient consensus to resolve pressing matters such as Syria .
Owing mainly to its environmentally negative externalities , an unregulated energy market is not a useful governing mechanism , because it is unable to internalize the environmental costs .
Europe 's leaders make things worse when they prove unable to connect isolated `` reforms '' -- say , a lower public deficit -- with any comprehensive vision of the economy .
The war in Algeria was , for de Gaulle , but another symptom of a dysfunctional state , an analysis that went back to his own experiences in 1940 , when the French government proved unable to resist invasion by Hitler 's Germany .
The left may ultimately win general elections elsewhere if the new Keynesian right proves unable to end the crisis .
We doggedly fight to prolong life , only to find that we can not win this battle - and are left unable to produce authentic rituals to accompany the end of our existence .
Countries unwilling or unable to prevent terrorist violence emanating from their territory forfeit their right to territorial integrity , and others can declare war on them to pursue the problem at its root .
Small and medium-size businesses in the US depend on small and medium-size banks for access to vital credit , yet too many of these banks remain zombies , unable to lend because their balance sheets are littered with bad commercial and real-estate loans from the boom years .
Former President George W. Bush 's restrictions on funding for health programs that used condoms or other forms of contraception meant that Islamic organizations receiving any funding from the US Agency for International Development were unable to publish material promoting safe-sex and family planning .
It is also possible that a new president turns out to be incompetent , or is in a permanent minority position and unable to pass legislation .
President Bush seemed like a deer caught in the headlights -- paralyzed , unable to do almost anything -- for months before he left office .
A month after the Copenhagen climate conference , it is clear that the world 's leaders were unable to translate rhetoric about global warming into action .
There are many balancing acts to be mastered : a government that is too powerful might violate citizens ' rights , but a government that is too weak would be unable to undertake the collective action needed to create a prosperous and inclusive society -- or to prevent powerful private actors from preying on the weak and defenseless .
If America 's highly trained engineers and computer specialists are unable to withstand the onslaught of outsourcing , what about those who are even less trained ?
There will be no real poverty eradication without equitable and sustainable economic development , which deregulated markets have proved unable to deliver on their own .
Voters were unable to choose between the incumbent and the opposition , because the same centrist parties were in office all the time .
America 's economy remains on the brink of a double dip recession , the dollar is weak , and Wall Street seems unable to recover .
If the Awami League is unable to address the country 's systematic poverty and social inequality , Islamism may well yet succeed in rallying the impoverished to its banner .
Hamas and Hezbollah prospered in this way because the governing authorities were either unable or unwilling to address grassroots poverty .
But reaching this figure will not be possible -- even if scaled back -- because the government seems unable to curb public spending and because the European Commission will not accept new budgetary subterfuges from Finance Minister Giulio Tremonti aimed at evading the constraints imposed by the Euro-zone 's Growth and Stability Pact .
Whatever one says or does , they may be unable to see themselves as part of a larger sovereign people .
Terrorism has taken more lives in India than in any country in the world after Iraq , and yet , unlike Israel , India has seemed unable to do anything about it .
The UN 's reputation suffered in the US because it did not support the Bush administration on the war -- and in the 19 other countries because it was unable to prevent the war .
But he has made no headway at all with the regime that rules his homeland , and he has been unable to prevent Tibet 's inexorable transformation into a Chinese province .
So why have the Europeans been unable to sustain improvements in both foundations of growth -- employment and productivity -- at the same time ?
It is a sad reflection on the state of the EU that it seems unable to agree on the one clear productivity-advancing piece of legislation when improving productivity is held out as a shared goal .
Unfortunately , while angry protesters have sometimes forced unwelcome rulers out of power , they have been unable to replace tyrants with governments that respect the public 's wishes .
This domestic shortage means that Gazprom is unable to increase supply to Europe , at least in the short term , unless it can buy gas at below-market rates from its Eastern European and Central Asian neighbors and in turn sell it to its European customers at market prices .
Moreover , under President Kuchma , the country is unable to respond to the West 's strategic interests in Ukraine with practical signs of cooperation .
There is also a feeling that a larger EU might simply be unable to function .
However , many of these plants are unable to keep up with rapid population growth and attendant increases in demand .
The fact that North Korea 's close neighbors seem unable to grasp this seems to confirm that Asian disunity is not just stupid , but chronic and willful .
Otherwise , national authorities will be unable to respond properly to cross-border developments .
Although Russian designers can still develop first-class weapons , Russia 's defense companies , which have yet to recover from the traumatic disintegration of the Soviet military-industrial complex , remain unable to manufacture large numbers of the most advanced systems .
With clear and predictable communication of this sort , the risk that the Fed would be unable to free the US economy from a deflationary slump is much lower - and so is the risk that it would ever have to fight that battle .
Moreover , Abdullah is unable even to stop Wahhabi satellite TV stations from denouncing the Shia `` heretics , '' or the hundreds of Wahhabi Web sites that call for the outright elimination of the Shia .
The frightening state in the region is the United States , which , following the terrorist attacks of September 2001 , was anxious to bring about democratic regime change -- a failed policy that now appears to have left the US unable to leave .
So far , Obama and Brown seem unable to fully grasp the fact that Yemen 's problems go well beyond Al Qaeda 's presence in the country .
So it is no wonder that the Arabs , especially the Palestinians , remain unable to comprehend , existentially or morally , what has befallen them .
· Regulators proved unable to forecast and prevent the crisis .
But , prior to both Japan 's nuclear crisis and the financial crisis , regulators were unable to prevent the risk .
