In the case of Abkhazia , the West should reiterate the sui generis nature of Kosovo and highlight the tremendous efforts it has undertaken there since 1999 .
The political will to implement the commitments that governments have undertaken is still lacking .
In order to prepare for EU accession , Turkey has undertaken vast and serious legal , political , and economic reforms .
The action , purportedly undertaken to reduce the prospect of landings and demonstrations by Japanese right-wingers , set off a brief , though frenzied , reaction in China , as well as in Hong Kong and Taiwan .
Given the recent wave of uprisings , it is more evident than ever that any `` reform '' initiatives undertaken in the Arab world previously were aimed only at sustaining repressive dictatorships and escaping punishment for criminal abuse of power .
He can probably do so , but will need to undertake a complete U-turn . He must sack his top KGB friends and hapless Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov .
On the contrary , reforms usually are undertaken only when the signs of an impending crisis are so strong that it is increasingly difficult to ignore them , or after the crisis has already `` educated '' voters .
At present , export subsidies and support payments represent less than 1 % of the European agricultural budget , and the EU has undertaken to eliminate them once it receives reciprocal undertakings from major food-exporting countries .
Over the last two decades , Eastern Europe has undertaken wide-ranging reforms and embraced global financial integration .
Precisely when Israel managed to domesticate the Palestinian national movement by forcing it to abandon its revolutionary path in favor of state-building and economic development -- a reorientation undertaken by Zionism as well -- the Israelis decided to draw the Palestinians back to the fundamentals of the conflict .
The West , after all , never put irresistible pressure on any Arab regime to undertake reforms , and deserted its autocratic clients in Tunisia and Egypt only when they failed to nip the revolutionary bud .
The US had two requirements of Mubarak : that he undertake domestic political reform , and that he be a peace broker in the region .
That is also why the modest efforts now being undertaken by the alliance to assist America in trying to stabilize Iraq will not stitch NATO back together again .
This is an important issue , to be sure , but the real question concerns the changes that Israel must undertake in exchange for this force being put in place and assuming the risk of such a mission .
But the fact that CSR is being demanded , and occasionally conceded , does not ensure clarity about either its rationale or the ways in which it should be undertaken .
Altruism , where it existed , also was undertaken by the family , which decided how and on what to spend its money .
The same should hold with respect to the new UN : to join and remain a UN member would require respecting the international commitments undertaken by each state , beginning with the UN Charter and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
China has undertaken a 6 % - of-GDP stimulus package aimed -LRB- mostly -RRB- at infrastructure ; the United States has enacted a two-year $ 800 billion spending and tax rebate package .
But the central government will need a large share of that income if it is to finance the construction of new institutions of governance , invest in critical infrastructure , undertake onerous reforms aimed at economic liberalization , and provide the resource-poor -LRB- and already restive -RRB- Sunnis of central Iraq with a greater share of the country 's wealth .
Under the Clean Development Mechanism -LRB- CDM -RRB- of the Kyoto Protocol , industrialized countries -LRB- so-called `` Annex I countries '' -RRB- have the right to purchase certificates of carbon sequestration from reforestation projects undertaken in developing countries and use them to offset up to 1 % of their 1990 greenhouse-gas emissions from industry , transport and housing .
Under current EU ETS rules , carbon credits generated by forestry projects undertaken in the CDM currently have no value , despite their obvious climate , environmental , and social benefits .
The information about Costa Rican deer ticks comes from an inventory of parasites of vertebrates in northern Costa Rica , but it is the only inventory of its kind ever undertaken .
To ensure that its economy 's performance is no longer dictated by the availability of foreign aid , Pakistan must undertake some fundamental restructuring .
Such laws also transform HIV victims into scapegoats for a societal problem for which the governments and broader societies are failing to undertake effective , and sometimes politically or culturally risky , steps that can defeat the disease .
It requires patience , development of models , and willingness to undertake long-term studies .
Thousands of Chinese convicts , for example , have been pressed into service on projects undertaken by state-run Chinese companies in Sri Lanka , a strategically important country for China as it seeks to enhance its regional position in the Indian Ocean .
But intervention must never borrow methods from those against whom it is undertaken .
Among the most informative exercises we can undertake in cognitive epidemiology is to obtain a large group of twins on whom there is data on early-life intelligence and who were tracked for a long time to find out who had died .
Second , clarity is essential on the extent to which major developing countries can undertake nationally appropriate mitigation actions beyond what they are already doing .
The lending allows the necessary medium - and long-term spending cuts and tax increases to be undertaken at a more appropriate time .
And the rapid reductions in budget deficits that European governments are now pledged to undertake can only increase the likelihood of a full double-dip recession .
Therefore , when this construction cycle has run its course , the US will first have spent an excess $ 300 billion , and then fallen short of trend by a cumulative $ 2 trillion of spending not undertaken .
But everyone in the financial markets knows that the EFSF has insufficient firepower to undertake that task -- and that it has an unworkable governance structure to boot .
The Bank of England 's charter did not give it the legal authority to undertake such lender-of-last-resort financial-stability operations .
Second , the world 's industrial core must create incentives for its energy industries to undertake the investments in new technologies that will move us by mid-century to an economic structure that is light on carbon emissions and heavy on carbon sequestration .
Long-term interest rates could be pushed significantly lower if the Federal Reserve were to undertake the unprecedented step of mammoth purchases of long-term government bonds .
The idea took hold that tax cuts should be undertaken all the time , at every opportunity , because reducing taxes supposedly raised revenue .
Finally , governments should undertake additional measures to boost financial asset prices , and so make it easier for those firms that ought to be expanding and hiring to obtain finance on terms that allow them to expand and hire .
This crash in prices of risky financial assets would not overly concern the rest of us were it not for the havoc that it has wrought on the price system , which is sending a peculiar message to the real economy . The price system is saying : shut down risky production activities and do n't undertake any new activities that might be risky .
`` Reform '' suggested a loosening of central controls on economic life , undertaken in a spirit of pragmatism and gradualism , as an antidote to Mao Zedong 's ideology of `` revolution . ''
They will warn that other EU countries like Portugal will refuse to undertake more reform , retrenchment , and repayment unless they receive similar largesse .
Delinking the CMIM from the IMF will require Asian countries to undertake hard-hitting reviews of one another 's policies and to demand difficult policy adjustments .
Congo 's government has undertaken no significant effort to bring those responsible for these gender atrocities to justice ; new laws have paid lip service to sexual violence , but no one has been prosecuted .
No matter what desperate rescue efforts will be undertaken , they can not hide the fact that the European Union has left the world stage as a serious foreign policy player for at least ten years -LRB- if not for much longer -RRB- .
If the world is not one day to consist of a few big nuclear powers and many mid-sized and small ones , then the big nuclear powers must now undertake a serious disarmament and non-proliferation initiative .
American shame would be salutary if it led Americans to realize that they live in an interdependent world where nations can not undertake unilateral military adventures without suffering unexpected disasters .
But if Bashir Assad wants Syria to avoid sinking deeper into poverty and irrelevance , he must undertake political , cultural , and economic liberalization .
Too timid to undertake serious reforms at home , Japanese authorities fight to keep the yen 's value as low as possible against the dollar and rival Asian currencies .
Governments in the eurozone 's periphery , including Spain and Italy , now face a dilemma : they must undertake structural reforms to increase their long-term potential growth , but at the cost of even greater short-term pain .
Humala 's main campaign argument was that he would not risk the `` success '' of Peru 's economy , but would , on the contrary , strengthen it . His fight against poverty and social exclusion would be undertaken as part of that effort .
The fact that so many problems persist despite tens of billions of dollars of assistance and years of effort is a sad reminder that aid can allow governments to undertake foolish investments that accomplish little , or can easily be siphoned off by corrupt officials .
Unrestrained zeal to make the world better could make it worse . Promoting democracy must be undertaken with humility , care , and wisdom .
The projected spending increases are equal to 15 % of GDP , and are the largest that any country has undertaken so far in response to the financial crisis .
Because Japan is a rich country , some people may be tempted to view it as being in a position to undertake most of the effort to rebuild on its own .
Repentant jihadis are taught that violence undertaken by individuals -- not by the legitimate ruler -- is sinful and will be punished by God .
In the worst cases , voices command the listener to undertake destructive acts such as suicide or assault .
But for the United States to undertake a full-scale invasion would be , once again , to fall into a trap : to be lured back into `` the Soviet 's Vietnam '' while pouring kerosene on Islamist passions in Pakistan .
Research undertaken by the Copenhagen Consensus shows that an excellent approach would be to devote more money to providing the micronutrients that are lacking in poor communities ' diets .
Several countries , including NATO allies , have imposed `` national caveats '' that limit where their troops can be deployed or the tasks they undertake .
Variant CJD was first described in 1996 , following intensive surveillance activities undertaken by the UK National CJD Surveillance Unit -LRB- NCJDSU -RRB- in Edinburgh .
But the agreement fails to specify who will undertake what costs .
As a result , religious interpretation -- previously , a highly decentralized function undertaken by various seminaries -- was concentrated in the hands of a political leader .
The connection between Nigerian cashew farmers and Devi Shetty 's pediatric cardiac surgery is that they both represent decentralized private activity , undertaken through the market , unlike the operations of the China National Petroleum Corporation , Sinopec , and others in Darfur and elsewhere . They all add value , but decentralized market-based activity appears likelier to engender additional goodwill .
The government has repeatedly pledged to undertake reforms and listen to its people .
First , I urge all NPT parties , in particular the nuclear-weapon states , to fulfill their obligation under the treaty to undertake negotiations on effective measures leading to nuclear disarmament .
These policies were undertaken at a time when the EU economy was doing well and -- one hopes -- with full knowledge that they would have significant costs .
Its recent shelling of South Korea suggests that the failing Kim dynasty might set East Asia alight rather than undertake any serious reform .
Likewise , France 's economic growth is waning not because France has failed to undertake necessary structural reforms , but because European interest rates are too high .
The bad news is that all three politicians are lame ducks unlikely to undertake the reforms Europe so badly needs before their final goodbyes .
Partial economic liberalization , undertaken by the Rajiv Gandhi government in the mid-1980s , and the more substantial Narasimha Rao-Manmohan Singh economic reforms in 1991 , boosted national income growth to an average annual rate of 6.8 % .
Given the institutional paralysis built into Japan 's political system , it is difficult to see who will undertake this task .
Despite this economic orthodoxy , Vázquez 's government also pursued important policy innovations : protection of human rights was improved ; tax reform , including introduction of a general , progressive income tax was undertaken and a more inclusive health system was created .
While the Kemalists sought a radical break with the Ottoman past , there were important elements of continuity between their Westernization efforts and those undertaken in the late Ottoman period .
The UN Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities -- a new human rights treaty that Russia helped draft , but has not yet signed -- mandates these alternatives , and represents an opportunity for Russia to undertake crucial human rights reforms on this issue .
The exchange will undertake a study this summer , with trading to begin as early as 2008 .
At the UN Conference on Environment and Development in Rio de Janeiro it was agreed that , `` efforts should be undertaken towards the greening of the world . ''
This translates into a solidarity network and a support mechanism that mitigates credit risk and encourages payment discipline . Credit repayment in well-managed micro-finance institutions is around 95 % . All studies undertaken in the area have also revealed that women are not only the most active among informal-sector entrepreneurs , but they are also quicker to meet their commitments .
What better time -- from the prospective of foreign investors , that is -- to undertake a vast privatization of state assets ?
The likely outcome -- in typical European , consensus-driven fashion -- will be to forgo deadlines and concrete targets in favor of an ambiguous , open-ended pledge to undertake further pension reform .
In many ways , the Iraq insurgency is analogous to urban street gangs : each component shares behavioral and organizational similarities but pursues its own aggrandizement and undertakes autonomous operations within its `` turf '' rather than pursuing a master plan or strategy .
Since 1997 , the United States Congress has required the Department of Defense to undertake a major defense review every four years .
So , in order to keep residual losses small , supervisors must be obliged to undertake early corrective action when a bank 's capital weakens , which is how the US Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation operates .
Indeed , the efficacy of acupuncture without stroke rehabilitation remains uncertain , mainly because of the poor quality of such studies -- a problem that has affected most of trials undertaken so far .
To spur investment , new measures have been undertaken to allow foreign banks to enter the Iranian financial system .
Given that coronary heart disease is the leading cause of death in nearly all countries , including developing nations , intensive efforts must be undertaken to greatly reduce or eliminate use of partially hydrogenated oils in both the developed and the developing world .
But an advanced country could also undertake mitigation efforts in the developing world and thus earn additional credits equal to the full value of its mitigation efforts -LRB- thus allowing more emissions at home -RRB- .
Kosovo , to a significant degree , owes its independence to a NATO military intervention undertaken in the name of human rights .
Why should emerging-market countries ' central banks undertake this peculiar financial intermediation , which represents a major cost , as the yield of private funds is higher than that of reserves ?
The second paradox is that monetary expansion may be largely ineffective in the country that undertakes it , but can generate large negative externalities on others .
Crisis management measures undertaken in the Western world are practically cutting our countries off from the EU market .
The price of reform has been high . But all the hard work these states have undertaken to prepare themselves for EU membership may be squandered should they choose to adopt the euro too soon .
Besides , plenty of other public and private institutions undertake the infrastructure and finance projects that the ADB now wants to focus on .
Triumphant from the 2008 Olympic Games , its leaders have undertaken the most impressive infrastructure program in history , implemented a highly successful economic stimulus package , and now are moving into the forefront of green technology , renewable energy , and energy efficiency -- the activities out of which the new global economy is certain to grow .
If true , China will never resolve droughts such as the current one in Guizhou by itself , regardless of how many large-scale engineering projects the government undertakes , or how well organized remedial efforts are .
The coordinated rate cut now undertaken by the world 's major central banks begins the process of policy catch-up , but further cuts are needed .
He also points out that less than 5 % of total trade in Africa is undertaken between African countries .
As Premier Wen Jiabao recently emphasized , China must now undertake comprehensive measures to control mounting inflation , growing asset bubbles , and an overheating economy .
To see the folly of these endeavors , let me dissect a number of anti-poppy schemes undertaken in Afghanistan with which I was connected .
But private corporations undertake only about half of all agricultural research , whether or not it involves genetic engineering .
To military observers , the Beijing\/Shenyang exercises seemed to be practice for a possible offensive operation against Russia , because exercises on such a scale are undertaken only at the final stage of a multi-year program to train troops to enact specific strategic and operational plans .
Paradoxically , these exercises were undertaken during a period when bilateral political and economic ties appeared on the surface to be at their highest point .
With governments in many developed countries now reaching the limits of their gap-filling capacity , three undesirable possibilities loom large -LRB- in addition to the desirable possibility that they will have no choice but to undertake long-postponed reforms that will create sustainable growth with less need for government buffers -RRB- .
The interim administration must undertake a delicate balancing act : Iraqis will have to be prevented from choosing how they will be ruled until the economic preconditions are in place for that choice to be genuinely free .
Whatever our shared endeavors , Asians must take care that they are undertaken through shared responsibilities , shared burdens , shared values , and shared benefits .
In 1997 , Korea suffered not only from the Asian financial crisis , but also from insistence by the US and the International Monetary Fund that it raise interest rates and undertake `` Washington Consensus '' - style reforms to receive aid .
Together , the conventions and protocols form what is misleadingly called international humanitarian law -LRB- IHL -RRB- , but which in fact regulate war -- seeking to limit its effects , regardless of the rights and wrongs involved , and to restrict its methods , even in battles undertaken in a just cause .
I decided I could not undertake the mission for these reasons .
Hirschman 's interests shifted away from economic development over the course of his illustrious career . But when he was still involved in development debates , he would frequently remind his contemporaries that any country that had the capacity to undertake comprehensive programs would not be underdeveloped to begin with .
It starts with strong preconceptions about the nature of the problem : too much -LRB- or too little -RRB- government regulation , too poor governance , too little public spending on health and education , and so on . Moreover , its recommendations take the form of the proverbial `` laundry list '' of reforms , and emphasize their complementary nature -- the imperative to undertake them all simultaneously -- rather than their sequencing and prioritization .
Countries were required to undertake only limited trade liberalization , with plenty of exceptions for socially sensitive sectors -LRB- agriculture , textiles , services -RRB- .
CAMBRIDGE -- The $ 140 billion support package that the Greek government has finally received from its European Union partners and the International Monetary Fund gives it the breathing space needed to undertake the difficult job of putting its finances in order .
Many are driven to undertake structural reforms that they do n't really believe in -- just because it would look bad to markets to do otherwise .
Yet requiring deep fiscal cuts , privatization , and other structural reforms of the type that Greece has had to undertake risks greater unemployment and deeper recessions .
The key to securing dynamic gains was a credible commitment to a new pricing regime -- possibly complemented with compensatory programs -- that would have made it worthwhile for farmers , entrepreneurs , and workers to undertake costly investments .
There are surely many useful activities for the government to undertake in a market economy , but a frenzied orgy of stimulus spending is not conducive to rational discussion of what they should be .
Philippine law , like that of most jurisdictions worldwide , classifies the business of transportation as a public convenience . It is undertaken not as an ordinary business under traditional conditions of laissez-faire , but as one vested with the public interest .
Nevertheless , in the short run , very aggressive monetary and fiscal policy actions -- both traditional and non-traditional -- must be undertaken to ensure that the inevitable stag-deflation of 2009 does not persist into 2010 and beyond .
Many state and local governments in poorer regions of the country are at risk of bankruptcy unless the federal government undertakes a massive bailout of their finances .
The most successful programs undertaken in the presence of a risk of a fiscal and\/or external debt financing crisis were those -- as in Mexico , Turkey , and Brazil -- where a large amount of liquidity\/financing support by the IMF beefed up an increasingly credible commitment to adjustment and reform .
So , if countries in the eurozone 's periphery are forced to undertake fiscal austerity , countries able to provide short-term stimulus should do so and postpone their own austerity efforts .
When the $ 200 billion rescue of these firms was undertaken and their $ 6 trillion in liabilities taken over by the US government , the rally lasted one day .
Perhaps of greatest concern , moreover , is that the public , especially in poor countries that can not undertake offsetting measures , will come to distrust global integration , with multinationals viewed as Trojan horses .
As the occupation force in Iraq , the coalition has undertaken international obligations , under the fourth Geneva convention , to uphold security and the rule of law .
Prosecuting Videla and other perpetrators was made possible by path-breaking case law undertaken by the Inter-American Court of Human Rights .
With zero growth and 10 % unemployment , Western Europe 's `` Rhineland model '' is no longer what countries seeking to undertake root-and-branch social and economic reform want to emulate .
Similar quick-impact measures should be undertaken to control disease .
Practical solutions will include many components , including better water management , improved technologies to increase the efficiency of water use , and new investments undertaken jointly by governments , the business sector , and civic organizations .
The overall project is so cost effective , replicable , and sustainable that JM Eagle and other corporate partners will now undertake similar efforts elsewhere in Africa .
Once again , the clear message to the US was to stop using gimmicks like fiscal stimulus or printing money and instead undertake a serious longer-term economic restructuring to boost saving , investment , and net exports .
As a remedy , he set up a War Responsibility Re-Examination Committee at his newspaper to undertake a 14-month investigation into the causes of Japan 's Pacific War .
As any seasoned banker knows , a well-managed bank should undertake internal `` stress tests '' regularly as a matter of good housekeeping .
China has undertaken a nationwide campaign to reduce energy consumption per unit of GDP by 20 % by 2010 , and will hold local officials accountable for achieving the targets .
Giovanni Bisignani , the head of the International Air Transport Association , an industry group , criticized the shutdown , saying that no risk assessment had been undertaken .
Its editors argued that while the decision to publicize secret material is always difficult , these documents were of `` significant public interest '' and `` illuminate the extraordinary difficulty of what the United States and its allies have undertaken in a way that other accounts have not . ''
Instead , the roots of Taseer 's assassination lay in the dark delusions of fanatical belief , his killing supposedly undertaken to protect the faith .
But competitive pressures and the long gestation period of fixed-capital outlays multiply optimism , leading to more investment being undertaken than is actually profitable .
The theory behind the massive economic stimulus efforts that many governments have undertaken rests on the notion of the `` output gap . '' This is the difference between an economy 's actual output and its potential output .
Although the two youthful revolts were undertaken by the same generation and took similar forms of street demonstrations and sit-ins , there were far more differences than similarities as students rebelled on both sides of the Iron Curtain .
Is Europe really ready to undertake such an effort if its wish for a Kerry victory comes true ?
Indeed , through the Berlin Plus agreements , which facilitate use of NATO resources for missions undertaken under the European Defense and Security Policy -LRB- ESDP -RRB- , NATO recognized the ESDP 's maturation over the past decade .
Indeed , the EU has undertaken 24 missions in Europe , Africa , and Asia , differing in nature , scope , and aims , and combining military and civilian means .
While still able to exploit the scope for catch-up growth , emerging economies must undertake continuous , rapid , and at times difficult structural change , along with a parallel process of reform and institution building .
If it works , what will emerge will be commitments from G-20 countries to undertake policies that are globally beneficial -- on the condition that others are keeping their commitments .
These changes , however , must always be undertaken in the light of core European virtues .
The quota distribution should be guided by members ' economic weight and degree of integration into the global economy , and any quota adjustments must be undertaken in a coherent manner that applies the same standard for all countries .
Of course , the country needed to undertake other reforms - but following the IMF 's advice regarding contractionary fiscal policies made matters worse .
It is imperative that we not just respond adequately to the current crisis , but that we undertake the long-run reforms that will be necessary if we are to create a more stable , more prosperous , and equitable global economy .
For instance , while it is recognized that almost all countries need to undertake stimulus measures -LRB- we 're all Keynesians now -RRB- , many developing countries do not have the resources to do so .
Unfortunately , a World Bank study notes that 17 of the 20 countries have actually undertaken new protectionist measures , most notably the US with the `` buy American '' provision included in its stimulus package .
They can undertake risks that others can not , knowing that if they fail , they may be bailed out .
· Investors , seemingly even less informed about the risk of excessive leverage than banks , put enormous pressure on banks to undertake excessive risk .
There are many balancing acts to be mastered : a government that is too powerful might violate citizens ' rights , but a government that is too weak would be unable to undertake the collective action needed to create a prosperous and inclusive society -- or to prevent powerful private actors from preying on the weak and defenseless .
-LRB- While Chile might , in principal , undertake similar protectionist measures against the US , there is a complete asymmetry in power .
Developing countries are often advised -LRB- or instructed -RRB- to undertake reforms recommended by `` experts '' who are called `` technocrats '' and are often backed by the IMF .
Developing countries were told , once again , to get their houses in order , to address issues of governance , and to undertake `` painful '' structural reforms .
It is , of course , always much easier to encourage others to undertake painful reforms than to look inward .
But under the international rules that America is supposed to follow , wars should not be undertaken based on the judgment of one individual and his cabal .
Peace will not quickly be restored to Iraq , and it is hard to conceive of opening up a major new front , when America can hardly manage what it has already undertaken .
It does lend money to countries to undertake a variety of projects , and to help them through crises -LRB- such as the $ 10 billion it provided to Korea in 1997-1998 -RRB- . It has been , and is , playing a vital role in post-conflict reconstruction around the world .
For the first time , developing countries seem willing to undertake the kinds of commitments that Europe , Japan , and the other advanced industrial countries -LRB- except the US -RRB- have made to avoid what could be a global disaster .
Turkey was instrumental in bringing about an end to Lebanon 's factional strife , and its overtures to Syria -- undertaken despite warnings from the United States -- have paid off handsomely .
Last year , Japan 's economy grew at a relatively healthy 3 % annual rate , higher than in the United States or the European Union , owing mainly to the fiscal expansion undertaken after the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008 .
The earthquake and tsunami have confronted Japan with a profound crisis -- but also with a rare opportunity to undertake the comprehensive reforms that the country has postponed for far too long .
So world leaders are set to gather at the United Nations to undertake a comprehensive review , with the aim of agreeing on a roadmap and a plan of action to get to the MDG finishing line on schedule .
Melancholia , a depressive subtype with more biological abnormalities , should be another candidate for treatment studies , yet few have been undertaken .
Creating meaning and preserving values is probably the one task that Europe has to undertake on behalf of the entire world .
But it is a downright dangerous one when undertaken to benefit one man alone .
But the price of switching the terms of the debate away from economics is that the Chancellor now lacks a mandate to undertake serious labor market and other reforms .
So any proposal will be subject to tricky negotiations and the need to cater to the special interests of länder governments , further reducing the prospect of serious reforms being undertaken .
The studies undertaken so far provide no evidence of any benefit through intervention .
G-8 governments should urgently and repeatedly undertake quiet , structured , and consistent communications with Egyptian counterparts about the economic reforms needed to bring about prosperity .
Most importantly , these and other reforms - such as new transportation systems and a public-health system based on family doctors - must be undertaken with the participation of the people affected .
In that case , a large RMB appreciation undertaken now would be overkill .
For Non-KP developed countries , they should undertake comparable commitments with quantified emission reduction targets .
At a time of increased tension between North Korea , South Korea , and the United States such a policy may seem impossible to undertake .
Based on published research papers , the country accounts for 64 % of all research undertaken in Africa .
