Were one of them to oppose common action , the cohesion and credibility of any EU undertaking would be destroyed .
But spurring faster growth in services is a complex undertaking .
At present , export subsidies and support payments represent less than 1 % of the European agricultural budget , and the EU has undertaken to eliminate them once it receives reciprocal undertakings from major food-exporting countries .
Obama 's foreign policy agenda has been no less audacious than his domestic undertakings .
It does mean undertaking to make NATO again the place where both sides of the Atlantic develop a common approach to the dangers of this world .
China , the world 's biggest dam builder -- with slightly more than half of the approximately 50,000 large dams on the planet -- is rapidly accumulating leverage against its neighbors by undertaking massive hydro-engineering projects on transnational rivers .
Re-engineering humanity 's power systems is going to be an expensive undertaking , regardless of what mix of technologies are used , and the chosen systems will have to be reliable and widely available .
Far more likely than Mr. Koizumi undertaking sustained bold action , we will see a master at communications -- a talent vital to sustaining public confidence -- and marginal reformer shift money from construction -LRB- the sector that supports Mr. Koizumi 's political adversaries -RRB- toward high tech where all of Japan is placing its hopes .
Support for the centrist governments undertaking these reforms was correspondingly stronger .
While a negotiated settlement acceptable to both Iran and the rest of the international community would be a hugely difficult undertaking , it is achievable .
There is , however , little indication that Israel 's government has the vision required for such an undertaking .
Resisting the spread of nuclear weapons and unguarded nuclear materials may be as important as any other set of undertakings .
China has been pursuing a policy of extreme Keynesianism at a time when Europe and the US are also undertaking massive interventions in their financial systems to prevent the current crisis from leading to a global financial collapse .
A common bond would be no cure for a lack of fiscal discipline ; on the contrary , it would be no more than a placebo for a `` weak '' country , but it would also be harmful because it would foster the illusion that it is possible to get out of fiscal difficulty without undertaking fundamental reform .
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi seems to grasp much of this , and so is undertaking discussions on security and defense that aim to help revise the `` National Defense Program Outline . ''
Nevertheless , it is important to realize why the US is undertaking them and that they respond to a core problem of today 's international order .
France had to a large extent initiated both treaties , had managed to get them accepted by its European partners , but in the end vetoed its own undertakings .
This pattern of behavior conforms to some of the worst undertakings of Africa 's elite .
The opaqueness , wholly unnecessary complexity , and near impossibility of undertaking independent due diligence on these structures ' underlying risk have undermined trust in the securitization market .
The Burma Road Goes Through Beijing NEW YORK &#45; &#45; Three hard facts are setting the boundaries for the talks United Nations negotiator Ibrahim Gambari is undertaking as he shuttles between Burma 's ruling generals and the detained opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi .
But the massive undertaking required to `` improve health practices in the poorest countries of the world '' plays better on the editorial page than on the ground .
This combination represents a vast administrative undertaking .
This requires maintaining rapid growth while undertaking a major but necessarily gradual domestic restructuring , for which a smooth appreciation is much better suited .
The problem is compounded by the fact that one of the countries undertaking expansionary policies is the United States , which has the world 's largest financial sector and issues the paramount global currency .
A company 's knowledge of the future results of a new business undertaking is imperfect to say the least .
And the more innovative the undertaking the more imperfect is any advance understanding of its potential outcome .
Second , the existence and magnitude of transition costs means that not everything that reduces the probability of financial crises is worth undertaking .
Deflecting an asteroid from its orbit when it is still hundreds of millions of miles from Earth is a feasible undertaking .
Pax Asia-Pacifica 's institutions will need to be built , as Europe 's peace was built after World War II , on strong , cooperative undertakings among the most powerful countries and regional blocs -- the US , China , Japan , India , South Korea , Russia , and the ASEAN 10 .
Supporters of the US administration might fairly argue that it is undertaking long-deferred maintenance on issues such as income inequality .
Symmetrical reflation is the best option for restoring growth and competitiveness on the eurozone 's periphery while undertaking necessary austerity measures and structural reforms .
For human rights activists , it is ironic that an elected -LRB- but basically military-led -RRB- government that they oppose in principle should be undertaking reforms they have long advocated , but that elected civilian governments ignored .
A visitor feels inconsequential in the chaotic vastness of this epic undertaking .
For example , so-called `` escalating tariffs , '' which tax processed goods at a far higher rate than unprocessed products mean that manufacturing tariffs discourage developing countries from undertaking the higher value-added activities that create jobs and boost incomes .
While many issues involved are distinct , a `` democratic deficit '' looms large in both undertakings .
It is an onerous and solemn undertaking , uplifting one day and extremely frustrating the next .
In Russia , the task is especially problematic , because the ruling elite 's interests run counter to undertaking it .
Europe is poised on the rim of two nearly revolutionary undertakings : eastward expansion and the possibility of a draft constitution for the European Union .
The conclusion of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict would be far more effective than any military undertaking .
African leaders should use the Natural Resource Charter , launched in Oslo in 2009 , and the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative as guidelines when undertaking any mining negotiations .
