They relentlessly but unsuccessfully pressured Montenegro 's leaders to remain in a dysfunctional union with Serbia , condoned Kostunica 's dubious 2006 referendum on a new constitution enshrining Kosovo as a part of Serbia , and weakened demands for Serbia 's cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal in The Hague .
With the Gaza Strip in its backyard , Egypt has already mediated several times between Hamas and Fatah , and has been trying , so far unsuccessfully , to arrange a swap of prisoners with Israel following Hamas 's abduction of Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit .
The so-called `` blue-card '' process has so far been largely unsuccessful , because there was no incentive for individual states to coordinate their policies .
Their anger , inflamed in March when he tried unsuccessfully to sack the Supreme Court 's independent-minded chief justice , rages on .
But this is exactly what it did , successfully , with the post-1945 Marshall Plan and , unsuccessfully , with Iraq and Afghanistan today .
And , as recently as a few months ago , a French intellectual 's activism was crucial to initiating the so-far unsuccessful attempt to bring down Libya 's Colonel Muammar Qaddafi .
A similar situation exists in the steel industry , where the central government has made repeated unsuccessful attempts to close small furnaces .
We know that from such cases as that of John Moore , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
We conducted a systematic review of published reports to identify the factors that cause unsuccessful TB treatment in Europe . Twenty-six papers were included in the review , covering 13 countries -LRB- the former USSR , the Czech Republic , Poland , and Romania in Eastern Europe , and Denmark , France , Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Northern Ireland , Spain , Sweden , and Switzerland in Western Europe -RRB- in the period from 1988-2001 .
Patients were treated `` unsuccessfully '' 12.3 % of the time , and 6.8 % of treated patients died .
For example , one of the studies that we reviewed found that no standard therapy in the initial or secondary phase of treatment was associated with an unsuccessful outcome or death .
In Spain , homelessness was a risk factor for interruption and HIV positivity , and intravenous drug use was a risk factor for unsuccessful treatment .
If there are elements powerful enough to plan such a plot -- even an unsuccessful one -- they could do it again in the future .
After the brief , unsuccessful attempt at exchange rate realignment known as the Smithsonian Agreement , the world 's major currencies were floated in February 1973 .
Critics who want a more activist , growth-oriented monetary policy have tried -- albeit unsuccessfully -- to soften up the 68-year-old Dutchman with personal attacks and degrading insults .
When former United States Secretary of State James Baker began his shuttle diplomacy for peace , his ultimately unsuccessful efforts actually resulted in more settlements , with a new one started just hours before he was due to arrive for talks .
In fact , first attempts at spawning can be relatively unsuccessful , so a fisheries policy that depends for the most part just on first-time spawners -LRB- which is what we are approaching now -RRB- , could be especially flawed .
Despite Putin 's so far unsuccessful fight against terrorism , his popularity remains high , so he has the political capital to make tough internal reforms .
Claims of prior inability to remember imply that they had attempted unsuccessfully to recall their abuse , only to remember it much later .
Around the same time , the Philadelphia Eagles , an American football team , offered a second chance to former star Michael Vick , who was convicted of running a dog-fighting operation in which unsuccessful fighters were tortured and killed .
Rather than the dominos falling following America 's retreat from Saigon in 1975 , a Vietnam-Cambodian War ensued . This in turn stimulated China 's unsuccessful intervention in North Vietnam .
This would bring the so-called Doha `` Development '' Round to an unsuccessful conclusion , but it would be no disaster .
It is ironic that an administration fixated on the risks of Middle East oil has chosen to spend hundreds of billions -- potentially trillions -- of dollars to pursue unsuccessful military approaches to problems that can and should be solved at vastly lower cost , through R&D , regulation , and market incentives .
Welby , who suffered from muscular dystrophy and was paralyzed , had battled unsuccessfully in the Italian courts for the right to die .
In the more unsuccessful countries -- Italy , Austria , Germany , France , Portugal , and the Netherlands -- the proportion of immigrants with a tertiary education is below a quarter .
Some central banks , such as the Bank of England in its unsuccessful fight against George Soros in 1992 , got burned ; when it became clear how much money was required to buck the market , the policy was abandoned .
Navalny 's repeated requests for the minutes of several state-owned companies ' board meetings generated huge resistance -- two companies even tried , unsuccessfully , to change the law in order to reject shareholder requests for information .
Although the bigger EU countries have embarked on a policy to protect their industries as long as the crisis continues , they will doubtless be unsuccessful , because no country can ultimately halt structural adjustment by offering subsidies .
