Notaries are another example of this phenomenon . Public notaries in many countries charge extremely high fees for services that are virtually useless .
Without government regulation -LRB- including rules requiring that consumers purchase their useless services -RRB- , public notaries would not have the position from which they draw rents .
But in many other situations , we would miss major sources of motivation -- and thus would adopt useless , if not counter-productive , measures aimed at producing the outcomes we seek .
But if the financial system 's dykes collapse , we may be headed for a decade of severe deflation , rendering expansionary stimulus useless .
And Israel 's withdrawal from Lebanon in May 2000 , after 18 years of useless military occupation , largely reflected the immense impact of the `` Four Mothers ' Movement '' on Israel 's government .
Otherwise , they could end up without any handle on the Iranian nuclear program , and only one -- useless -- option left , a military strike .
But as the superpowers learned in the Cold War , the absence of airtight verification does not render inspections useless .
Indeed , in Book II of The Wealth of Nations , Smith condemned as unproductive the labors of `` churchmen , lawyers , physicians , men of letters of all kinds ; players , buffoons , musicians , opera-singers , opera-dancers , etc. '' We may agree with Smith -LRB- and Shakespeare -RRB- about the uselessness of lawyers perhaps , but surely not about Olivier , Falstaff , and Pavarotti .
Parliament watered down a proposal for far-reaching pension reform to the point that it borders on useless , and repeated promises to stop subsidizing wasteful energy consumption through low gas prices have not been honored .
After all , the dangers that America faces today do not come from nation states , but from non-states actors against whom nuclear weapons and aircraft carriers are useless .
But realizing these aims requires cooperation from the government in Khartoum , whereas each of the proposed measures would only heighten tensions or prove useless .
The police are at best useless and at worst outright employees of the drug lords ; the army is less tainted , but unprepared for the role .
Why should it be considered witty to celebrate the uselessness of knowledge ?
So it 's funny to boast that one 's own brand of knowledge , whether experimental physics , mathematics , or cosmology , is useless .
Prosecution usually boosts leakers ' stature , making it useless as a deterrent .
In Beslan , camouflaged men representing four ministries fussed uselessly , with no clear leader or goals , losing precious minutes when the violence erupted .
They are useless at fighting today 's new terrorist enemy .
The number-one component of any fertilizer is nitrogen , and the first of the two German researchers , Fritz Haber , discovered how to work the dangerous , complex chemistry needed to pull nitrogen out of the atmosphere -- where it is abundant but useless for fertilizer -- and turn it into a substance that can grow plants .
Americans read this as affirmation of their belief that all intervention was useless .
His reason for doing so was to explain male peacocks ' obviously hindering tail feathers and male lions ' apparently useless manes .
Most sports certainly contribute to physical fitness -- as do some other expressions of culture , such as ballet -- but what we admire in a player who can do extraordinary things with a ball is a technique that is utterly useless outside the playing field and has taken thousands of hours of practice to bring to perfection .
Following this reasoning , what makes the poet , the painter , and the singer attractive is uselessness combined with the difficulty of their activity .
But , in line with the logic of natural selection , to become sexually attractive , the scientist only has make sure that the results of his or her work are useless .
In the case of Deepwater Horizon , a huge dome could be put in place , despite the greater depth , thanks to deployment of modern unmanned underwater vehicles , robots , and positioning tools , but the formation of methane hydrates clogged the device and rendered it useless .
While missile defense is most likely unnecessary , given the absence of any serious threat , the Obama administration and other American realists -- who are aware of the impossibility and uselessness of creating a multi-layered anti-ballistic missile -LRB- ABM -RRB- system -- need such talks .
Mahmoud Abbas , the chairman of the PLO and President of the Palestinian Authority , who has vowed not to run for re-election , has chosen to take the path of UN recognition rather than continue with the charade of useless -- indeed , harmful -- direct talks .
Blaming the Spanish conquerors or the economic empires of the twentieth century can not hide the fact that huge amounts of money financed corrupt governments , inefficient bureaucracies , big and useless `` development '' projects such as industrial plants or mineral mills , or a wide variety of subsidies to buy off powerful interest groups .
A final reason for the West to change course is that Western sanctions are proving increasingly useless .
As to value-at-risk models , we now have inconvertible evidence they are very useful when they do n't matter and totally useless when they do matter .
So , although it is common today in Russia to blame Gorbachev and Boris Yeltsin for the collapse of the USSR , it is both useless and unfair to do so .
You can not proclaim your impotence in the face of empty state coffers after pushing through useless and costly tax breaks for the richest .
But a Muslim living in Europe is confronted with the necessity of objectifying the religion . Ulemas -LRB- religious scholars -RRB- are useless for believers who must search for purely religious criteria that are no longer linked to a given culture .
There is an old saying about monetary policy being useless in recession because the effect of lowering interest rates is like `` pushing on a string . '' That happens when confidence and wealth have been destroyed , at which point rate cuts do indeed become useless .
If central banks save their `` rate cut '' bullets for a later day , they may find that their ammunition is useless .
Why do Piemontese , Bavarians , or Scots need intermediate national bureaucracies to run their tax policies , welfare programs , securities laws , and the largely useless , duplicative armies ?
In such circumstances , law is useless .
Policymakers need to shed received wisdom and forget useless dichotomies such as `` markets versus government '' or `` nation-state versus globalization . ''
Unfortunately , when global stock markets crashed in October 1987 , the insurance turned out to be useless , mainly because markets for hedging collapsed .
Such a deal can be struck now , but only by avoiding the useless debate over who blocked peace in the past .
The problem is that a US military response is essentially useless under these conditions , and can easily inflame the situation rather than resolve it .
They want to slash the budget not by ending the useless war in Afghanistan , and by eliminating unnecessary weapons systems , but by cutting education , health , and other benefits for the poor and working class .
The United States Government Accountability Office sent identical genetic samples to several of the testing companies , and got widely varying , and mostly useless , advice .
If major consumer countries and most producer countries do not join the agreement to reduce CO2 emissions , it could be useless .
The commitments of single countries like Germany to over-fulfill their duties are useless .
But this useless reaction to the laws of the global market economy hides the fact that Germany 's problems are largely a result of an overblown welfare state and extremely aggressive union policies over the last thirty years .
It is when money is spent that it becomes more than an inert bundle of useless paper .
The 2008 financial crisis , aggravated by useless Keynesian public spending , has brought all European states to the edge of bankruptcy .
But a wake-up call that allows the IAEA 's board to go back to sleep is useless .
Transparency was essential in order to reduce information costs , but it was beyond the ideology to recognize that information imperfections might be so deep as to be unfixable , and that some forms of trading activity , however transparent , might be socially useless .
Such people can not be dismissed as useless , since we need the innovation that they deliver , even if we think Russia does n't need democracy .
Even if you do n't believe in Palestinians ' real desire for peace , their capacity to hold terrorist organizations at bay , or their renunciation of the alleged right of return , you can always protect your security with a military presence in Palestinian territories rather than prejudicing the future peace and the two-state solution by expanding useless settlements . ''
Others , however , are useless and only complicate further an already complex and problematic situation .
A demand of this kind was not made of Egypt or Jordan when Israel signed peace agreements with those countries , and it constitutes an entirely useless obstacle on the road to peace with the Palestinians .
