There is reason to hope that some of the EU 's member states will embark on this venture in fighting crime and terrorism , defense matters , or in financial and budgetary harmonization .
The British suppressed this misadventure , but not before hundreds of Jews in Baghdad were murdered in a wild farhood -LRB- pogrom -RRB- instigated by the short-lived pro-Nazi government .
Some may look to unpopular and unjust foreign adventures in Iraq as examples of the futility of lawful political action .
Britain joined America 's Iraq adventure with the same inflated perceptions of its military capacity and diplomatic clout that trapped Bush .
The Iraq adventure is not only the longest and most expensive war in America 's history -- the Nobel laureate economist Joseph Stiglitz has advanced a staggering estimate of $ 3 trillion -- but is also the least conclusive .
Russia , of course , has no appetite to repeat the Soviet Union 's calamitous military adventure in Afghanistan .
Regime Change in the Arab World Four years into a disastrous military adventure in Iraq and with the global war on terror against ill-defined forces of darkness still inconclusive , the collapse of America 's grand strategy has exposed how ill-conceived was its simplistic recipe for democratic change in the Arab world .
The policy differences over America 's Iraq adventure exacerbated the crisis , but also obscured its true cause .
After the falling-out over Bush 's Iraq adventure , the two countries -- so central to the transatlantic relationship in the past -- are once again on speaking terms .
While firms and investors take the funds , private financing for commercial alternative-energy projects is widely available ; an immense number of venture-capital funds worldwide are devoted to alternative and clean energy .
Belgium , though , was the one member state that supported the Dutch in this brave venture .
There were also clear indications that the military was not inclined to venture into politics once again , as it has done many times in the past .
In the past , most American leftists would have regarded the war in Afghanistan as a neo-imperialist venture .
As his term winds down -LRB- the next presidential elections are two years away -RRB- , he will be even less inclined to involve Mexico in foreign adventures .
Now that it ventured to the other side of the world and fared poorly , it is unlikely to want to pursue other futile projects , such as reforming the OAS , deterring further confrontation between Venezuela and Colombia , or ensuring free and fair elections in Nicaragua .
Ironically , his principal ally in this adventure will be his old enemy , former President Arnoldo Alemán , who is under house arrest for corruption .
Indeed , the dispatch of Japanese peacekeepers under UN command to Cambodia in 1992 -LRB- the first time the 240,000-strong SDF had ventured on a mission abroad -RRB- was bitterly contested .
While Japanese warships ' logistical support during the recent Afghan conflict was a no-risk operation , that may not be true of the SDF 's latest venture -- participation in reconstruction in `` pacified zones '' in Iraq .
Part of the answer goes back to Blair 's first big foreign policy adventure , NATO 's intervention in Kosovo in 1999 .
One consequence , from a British perspective , is that it is now virtually impossible to imagine that any future prime minister could engage in another big military adventure primarily out of loyalty to an American president .
Even within Europe , there is powerful evidence that countries where mutual trust is higher achieve higher levels of investment , particularly through venture capital investment , and are prepared to use more flexible contracts , which are also beneficial for growth and investment .
· Freer capital flows will give poor countries precisely this access , as the greed of investors in rich country leads them to venture into poor regions where capital is scarce .
According to Hiatt , `` We raised such issues '' as whether the Bush administration had properly thought its proposed adventure in Iraq through , `` but with insufficient force . ''
Another compelling explanation comes from a venture capitalist who credits Chinese society with copious reserves of entrepreneurial energy that derives , he believes , from the fact that Chinese culture attaches very little shame to failing in a business enterprise .
The arrest of these well-educated professionals , together with the Egyptian doctor Ayman al-Zawahiri 's role as al-Qaeda 's deputy leader , raises questions that go far beyond disaffection among Muslims and the consequences of America 's misadventures in the Middle East .
Russia , by contrast , found it hard to find any takers for its assertion that civilian protection was the primary rationale for its South Ossetian adventure in 2008 .
Lacking democracy 's most effective brakes on unpopular wars , the US has become relatively free to get itself mired in unwelcome foreign adventures .
But the consequences of a military adventure in Iran would far surpass those of the war in Iraq .
High oil and gas prices , America 's self-inflicted global weakening due to its misadventure in Iraq , and the rise of China and India obviously have prompted Moscow to change its foreign policy .
American shame would be salutary if it led Americans to realize that they live in an interdependent world where nations can not undertake unilateral military adventures without suffering unexpected disasters .
Although many Iranian leaders no doubt toy with the idea , others are carefully weighing the costs of such a venture -- the risks of preventive strikes from outside , increased isolation , and a regional nuclear arms race .
Commercial ventures came to be regularly treated as corporations only in the 19
Pakistan embarked on that military misadventure in a bid to jump-start a flagging , indigenously-based ethnoreligious insurgency that has ravaged the Indian portion of Kashmir since 1989 .
Venezuela 's oil reserves are vast , but they should not be squandered on foreign adventures disguised as economic integration .
Since the advent of army rule in 1958 , successive regimes have terrorized Iraqis into submission and bled the country white through their military misadventures .
They will focus initially on sectors such as credit cards but could develop other joint ventures .
The low-cost interpretation of international financial crises is that they result from what economists call `` moral hazard '' -- investors ' appetite for risky ventures rises because they receive implicit guarantees that protect them from potential loss .
NATO assumed responsibility for providing security for all of Afghanistan in October . While about 8,000 of the 20,000 US troops in Afghanistan operate independently , the rest have joined the most ambitious military venture in NATO 's history , the International Security Assistance Force -LRB- ISAF -RRB- .
Few foreign journalists venture in -- it is too difficult and too dangerous for them to work inside the country -- and local reporters are harassed by the authorities .
If Brazil is to remain on its prosperous path , it must continue to give higher priority to its social and economic programs than to foreign adventures .
After several months of job hunting , I joined my brother in a business venture buying and selling apples , honey , and other goods in neighboring Tajikistan .
Joint transport ventures , for example , would have a strong political impact and maximum visibility , and would bring Maghreb citizens closer together physically and psychologically .
Constitutional monarchy limited the scope for wasteful spending on luxurious court life -LRB- as well as on military adventure -RRB- -- the hallmark of early modern autocratic monarchy .
Today , there is a higher level of bankruptcy in the United States than in the European Union , and it is easier for bankrupt Americans to embark on new ventures .
The creation of America as a major economic power , after all , was made possible by giant steel mills , integrated railway systems , and the mobilization of enormous energy reserves through such ventures as Standard Oil .
Indeed , so competent is Olam that when Wilmar , a Southeast Asian firm run by overseas Chinese and a force in its own right in China and across Asia , sought to expand in Africa , it sought out Olam in a joint venture .
The Olam and Wilmar joint venture is , in a sense , symptomatic of the combination of assets from across Asia that can catalyze productive change in Africa .
Surmounting these business challenges is an expensive and slow process , and new ventures require many years to become cash-positive .
Subsequently , they raised equity capital from investors seeking to make a social impact -- Compartamos from Accion and the IFC , and SKS from Unitus , Silicon Valley venture capitalist Vinod Khosla , and an Indian government development agency .
The venture capital firm that underwrote Google and Amazon , among other archetypal entrepreneurial successes , directed more than $ 100 million into new alternative energy companies in 2006 alone .
The financial crisis may slow this trend . But capital will continue to flow into green ventures .
Political interference in the private sector throughout the region means that most large business projects are carried out as joint-ventures with state-controlled companies -LRB- sometimes covertly headed by members of the ruling elites -RRB- .
Suzuki Motor Corporation first entered the Indian market in 1982 , when it started a joint venture with Maruti Udyog , an Indian state-owned firm .
Suzuki 's joint venture in India suggests that cooperation in high-tech manufacturing is eminently possible .
The most surprising and controversial thing about last December 's rate hike by the European Central Bank was that , after two and a half years of keeping interest rates at exceptionally low levels , the bank ventured an increase of only 25 basis points with no promise of more to come .
Europeans might be forgiven for thinking that the Americans , who pumped up oil prices in the first place with their military misadventure in Iraq , should be the ones who `` pump it down '' with an energy tax .
So , although some firms do extremely well - say , Toyota and Canon - there is little space for new ventures and entrepreneurs .
The NamDeb mining corporation , a joint venture between the government and De Beers , dominates the industry .
In fact , the panel called these ventures -- including Kyoto -- `` bad projects , '' because they cost more than the good they do .
In fact , the panel called these ventures -- including the Kyoto Protocol -- `` bad projects '' because they cost more than the good they do .
Indeed , the panel called these ventures -- including the Kyoto Protocol -- `` bad projects , '' simply because they cost more than the good that they do .
Thus he can continue his never-ending adventure and humanize his shipwreck wherever he may be .
Cliché was the common currency of all Communist dictatorships , but they had the opposite effect to what the regime intended , for they cast an aura of forbidden fruit around the slandered New World metropolis , making it seem a glowing Olympus of modernity , an urban Everest of adventure .
Magris 's main character is a rebel in more than one embodiment : as Salvatore Cipico , one of the inmates in the communist concentration camp in Yugoslavia ; as Jurgen Jurgensen , ephemeral king of Iceland and a convict forced to build his own jail ; and as Jason , the mythic adventurer searching for the volatile truth .
Historians and others who venture to break the silence are lambasted as traitors to the black cause .
But this Chinese FDI is bundled together with concessional loans , and there is much double-counting , with the same ventures being recorded both as aid flows and as inflows of FDI .
Sarkozy 's message is that Chirac and Villepin were right in substance to oppose America 's military adventure in Iraq , but that their style was disastrously wrong .
For that , they need access to energy , but they are not about to engage in military or even diplomatic adventures .
And a key member of the Alliance , Turkey , may be about to embark in a dangerous military adventure in Kurdish northern Iraq .
For the first time in America since John F. Kennedy 's presidency , politics is seen as a potentially noble venture .
Far from reinforcing Israel 's security , its last two military adventures , in Lebanon and now in Gaza , have caused further self-isolation and loss of world sympathy .
French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin 's flamboyant speech at the United Nations encapsulated the `` spirit of resistance '' against what proved to be a dangerous adventure .
If so , leaders such as Mbeki will emerge as heroes for a new Africa , where intervention in neighboring states will protect the millions on the continent who remain subjugated by elderly dictators like Mugabe , who have exploited their position as anti-colonial liberation leaders , and younger , free-booting adventurers like Taylor .
It is not too late to learn the lessons of the misadventures of A. Q. Khan .
`` An innovative economy needs open markets , venture capital , free thinking entrepreneurs , fast bankruptcy courts and solid protection of intellectual property , '' she argues .
Deng Xiaoping warned his compatriots to eschew external adventures that might jeopardize internal development .
The Joint Operating Agreement guiding the venture , in which the Nigerian government has 55 % equity , stipulates that while all parties share in the cost of operations , Shell prepares the annual work programs and budget .
Royal Dutch Shell 's joint venture with the government produces half of the country 's daily output of 2.5 million barrels .
So Clinton has set the stage for exploring a possible joint venture with China on meeting the challenge of climate change .
Parties lose ground against the caudillist adventures of people like Lopez Obrador in Mexico and Chavez in Venezuela , and congresses are assured only of public antipathy .
Munich -- the 1938 meeting between Adolf Hitler , Édouard Daladier , Neville Chamberlain , and Benito Mussolini -- is a frequent witness summoned to court by politicians trying to argue the case for foreign adventures .
But rather than insist as a matter of principle on operating the fuel cycle independently under national sovereignty , Iran could engage the Saudis about their idea of a regional joint venture , or explore different options of multilateral consortia with other countries .
Hedge funds , venture capital firms that actually venture into new things , and recreated merchant banks are relatively well suited to make financial decisions that require judgment , the ability to engage the unknown , and to do so over a horizon not dictated by quarterly earnings .
But his two aggressive adventures - the more recent over twelve years ago - ended in humiliating failure .
The easiest fix is to let foreigners in so that they can channel foreign capital into domestic private ventures .
The demise of Libya 's nuclear venture offers a template for dealing with Iran .
It suggests that seriously challenging the nuclear venture will come not from more timid sanctions now , but from measures that encourage the pragmatists who populate the fractious Iranian government to promote normalization .
Nobody wants to demonize or unnecessarily restrict private equity and hedge funds , and venture capital 's investment in innovative and high-risk new companies highlights their potentially useful role .
High-saving Asian households and dollar-hoarding foreign central banks produced a global savings `` glut , '' which pushed real interest rates into negative territory , in turn stoking the US housing bubble while sending financiers on ever-riskier ventures with borrowed money .
And the highly successful salmon industry is the creation of Fundación Chile , a quasi-public venture fund .
Today the US federal government is the world 's biggest venture capitalist by far .
During the first three quarters on 2009 , private venture capital firms invested less than $ 3 billion combined in this sector . The DOE invested $ 13 billion .
Through deliberation councils , supplier development forums , investment advisory councils , sectoral round-tables , or private-public venture funds , collaboration aims to elicit information about investment opportunities and bottlenecks .
Set in the near future , the story unfolds against the background of a US that has slid into financial ruin and single-party dictatorship , and that finds itself embroiled in yet another pointless foreign military adventure -- this time in Venezuela .
Managers of established firms continue money-losing ventures for too long , pay themselves too much relative to their and the company 's performance , and too often fail to act aggressively enough to enter new but risky markets .
But the really big bucks come from the fact that places like the People 's Bank of China and the Bank of Japan passively hold enormous volumes of low-interest US debt , while Americans romp around the world with venture capital , private equity , and investment banks , reaping huge gains .
The qualitative parallels are obvious : banks using off-balance loans to finance highly risky ventures , exotic new financial instruments , and excessive exuberance over the promise of new markets .
Far-flung military misadventures continue to stretch the country 's fiscal resources , with costs potentially running into many trillions of dollars , according a recent study by Linda Bilmes and Joseph Stiglitz .
Aside from its implications for different national systems , the future shape of banking is critical to the broader financial system , including venture capital , private equity , and hedge funds .
The US adventure in Iraq has squandered $ 150 billion over two years , while Bolivia received $ 10 million -- that 's right , $ 10 million -- in `` emergency '' help , a fifteenth or less of what was realistically needed to ease the intense economic crisis and help displaced peasants .
On the contrary , they are now the government 's partners in a joint venture to manage this dishonest scheme .
After all , science is a form of enterprise , requiring a sophisticated organization of resources and workers , an adventuresome attitude , and a willingness to take risks for possibly great rewards .
In 1694 , the English government issued a 10 % 16-year bond called `` the Million Adventure , '' which awarded prizes randomly each year to its holders .
Rewarding successful ventures is the basic idea of capitalism -- a dynamic process that Joseph Schumpeter called `` creative destruction . ''
But only recently many slow growing countries were eager to develop venture capital markets and foster stock exchanges -- France 's Nouveau Marche , Germany 's Neuer Markt , Italy 's Nuovo Mercato , and Mothers in Japan -- devoted to risky investments .
These giant corporations have begun to control local seed companies through buyouts , joint ventures , and licensing arrangements , leading to seed monopolies .
Pakistan 's misadventures in Kashmir , and the military coup that removed its elected government , alienated American opinion even more .
The irony is that the scientists making the advances that enable technology-based growth , and the venture capital firms that finance it were not the ones reaping the biggest rewards in the heyday of the real estate bubble .
Meanwhile , the military and economic opportunity costs of this misadventure become increasingly clear .
His judgments there were no better than those that got the United States involved in that disastrous adventure .
Even if Bush could be forgiven for taking America , and much of the rest of the world , to war on false pretenses , and for misrepresenting the cost of the venture , there is no excuse for how he chose to finance it .
But even from the perspective of oil interests , war against Iraq is a risky venture : not only is the impact on price , and therefore on oil company prices , highly uncertain , but other oil producers , including Russian and European interests , will not easily be ignored .
With one exception - the actual military `` victory , '' which looks increasingly Pyrrhic - President Bush 's Iraqi adventure has been marked by repeated failures .
Some worry whether Bush will use his electoral mandate to engage in more ventures .
Had the Iraq venture been more successful , these worries would have been justified .
Others will , of course , have to continue to bear the costs of the mistaken and mismanaged adventure in Iraq .
The US is starting on its privatization venture with a fiscal deficit of 4 % of GDP .
Similarly , the euro must not be allowed to become an Iron Curtain that consigns non-members to a high-risk zone where investors dare not venture .
But schools must be able to meet the needs and abilities of individual children in a way that makes learning a stimulating adventure .
And , aside from a relatively small number of joint ventures with foreign partners and state enterprises that are in fact hybrid public-private firms , most businesses today , including publicly listed companies , remain family owned or dominated .
India and the US are natural partners in meeting this challenge , with innovative scientists and venture capitalists who can take technology breakthroughs from the lab to the market , and NGOs with vast grassroots conservation and public advocacy experience .
A vibrant Palestinian civil society could become more flexible and open toward possible partnerships -- including more natural , holistic Israeli-Palestinian joint ventures -- thus benefiting the region as a whole .
In the Sesame Street of Palestine and Israel , the failure of the joint venture was really a success : the Muppets and their creators have given us another valuable lesson , this time in how -- and how not -- to help others .
One reason why Sarkozy could succeed where previous governments have never dreamt to venture , aside from his popular mandate for reform , is a `` win-win '' strategy , whereby victory for reform implies substantial compensation .
