Some may look to unpopular and unjust foreign adventures in Iraq as examples of the futility of lawful political action .
As his term winds down -LRB- the next presidential elections are two years away -RRB- , he will be even less inclined to involve Mexico in foreign adventures .
The arrest of these well-educated professionals , together with the Egyptian doctor Ayman al-Zawahiri 's role as al-Qaeda 's deputy leader , raises questions that go far beyond disaffection among Muslims and the consequences of America 's misadventures in the Middle East .
Lacking democracy 's most effective brakes on unpopular wars , the US has become relatively free to get itself mired in unwelcome foreign adventures .
American shame would be salutary if it led Americans to realize that they live in an interdependent world where nations can not undertake unilateral military adventures without suffering unexpected disasters .
Commercial ventures came to be regularly treated as corporations only in the 19
Venezuela 's oil reserves are vast , but they should not be squandered on foreign adventures disguised as economic integration .
Since the advent of army rule in 1958 , successive regimes have terrorized Iraqis into submission and bled the country white through their military misadventures .
They will focus initially on sectors such as credit cards but could develop other joint ventures .
The low-cost interpretation of international financial crises is that they result from what economists call `` moral hazard '' -- investors ' appetite for risky ventures rises because they receive implicit guarantees that protect them from potential loss .
If Brazil is to remain on its prosperous path , it must continue to give higher priority to its social and economic programs than to foreign adventures .
Joint transport ventures , for example , would have a strong political impact and maximum visibility , and would bring Maghreb citizens closer together physically and psychologically .
Today , there is a higher level of bankruptcy in the United States than in the European Union , and it is easier for bankrupt Americans to embark on new ventures .
The creation of America as a major economic power , after all , was made possible by giant steel mills , integrated railway systems , and the mobilization of enormous energy reserves through such ventures as Standard Oil .
Surmounting these business challenges is an expensive and slow process , and new ventures require many years to become cash-positive .
The financial crisis may slow this trend . But capital will continue to flow into green ventures .
Political interference in the private sector throughout the region means that most large business projects are carried out as joint-ventures with state-controlled companies -LRB- sometimes covertly headed by members of the ruling elites -RRB- .
So , although some firms do extremely well - say , Toyota and Canon - there is little space for new ventures and entrepreneurs .
In fact , the panel called these ventures -- including Kyoto -- `` bad projects , '' because they cost more than the good they do .
In fact , the panel called these ventures -- including the Kyoto Protocol -- `` bad projects '' because they cost more than the good they do .
Indeed , the panel called these ventures -- including the Kyoto Protocol -- `` bad projects , '' simply because they cost more than the good that they do .
But this Chinese FDI is bundled together with concessional loans , and there is much double-counting , with the same ventures being recorded both as aid flows and as inflows of FDI .
For that , they need access to energy , but they are not about to engage in military or even diplomatic adventures .
Far from reinforcing Israel 's security , its last two military adventures , in Lebanon and now in Gaza , have caused further self-isolation and loss of world sympathy .
It is not too late to learn the lessons of the misadventures of A. Q. Khan .
Deng Xiaoping warned his compatriots to eschew external adventures that might jeopardize internal development .
Parties lose ground against the caudillist adventures of people like Lopez Obrador in Mexico and Chavez in Venezuela , and congresses are assured only of public antipathy .
Munich -- the 1938 meeting between Adolf Hitler , Édouard Daladier , Neville Chamberlain , and Benito Mussolini -- is a frequent witness summoned to court by politicians trying to argue the case for foreign adventures .
But his two aggressive adventures - the more recent over twelve years ago - ended in humiliating failure .
The easiest fix is to let foreigners in so that they can channel foreign capital into domestic private ventures .
High-saving Asian households and dollar-hoarding foreign central banks produced a global savings `` glut , '' which pushed real interest rates into negative territory , in turn stoking the US housing bubble while sending financiers on ever-riskier ventures with borrowed money .
Managers of established firms continue money-losing ventures for too long , pay themselves too much relative to their and the company 's performance , and too often fail to act aggressively enough to enter new but risky markets .
The qualitative parallels are obvious : banks using off-balance loans to finance highly risky ventures , exotic new financial instruments , and excessive exuberance over the promise of new markets .
Far-flung military misadventures continue to stretch the country 's fiscal resources , with costs potentially running into many trillions of dollars , according a recent study by Linda Bilmes and Joseph Stiglitz .
After all , science is a form of enterprise , requiring a sophisticated organization of resources and workers , an adventuresome attitude , and a willingness to take risks for possibly great rewards .
Rewarding successful ventures is the basic idea of capitalism -- a dynamic process that Joseph Schumpeter called `` creative destruction . ''
These giant corporations have begun to control local seed companies through buyouts , joint ventures , and licensing arrangements , leading to seed monopolies .
Pakistan 's misadventures in Kashmir , and the military coup that removed its elected government , alienated American opinion even more .
Some worry whether Bush will use his electoral mandate to engage in more ventures .
And , aside from a relatively small number of joint ventures with foreign partners and state enterprises that are in fact hybrid public-private firms , most businesses today , including publicly listed companies , remain family owned or dominated .
A vibrant Palestinian civil society could become more flexible and open toward possible partnerships -- including more natural , holistic Israeli-Palestinian joint ventures -- thus benefiting the region as a whole .
