While conveying the possibility of a veto , Russia 's current strategy is to delay a Security Council vote as long as possible by prompting a new fact-finding mission to Kosovo , which will most likely be followed by renewed insistence on another effort to negotiate a settlement .
Realizing Ahtisaari 's proposal will depend on EU solidarity and persistence , coupled with strong American support , to manage the vicissitudes of UN debate , lobby skeptical non-permanent Security Council members , such as Indonesia and South Africa , and persuade Russia to abstain rather than exercise its veto .
If Russia does veto the Ahtisaari plan , the EU 's united facade will likely fracture , with many European countries refusing either to join the US in recognizing an independent Kosovo without the UN 's blessing or to send a supervisory mission there .
The executive powers that the European Commission enjoys over competition policy allow it to circumvent the national vetoes and compromises that are common in other areas . For example , implementation of rules governing the single market are subject to a unanimity rule , or at the very least a qualified majority of member states , with the result that progress is usually slow .
Examples of this include the decisions to veto the merger between Airtours and First Choice , and also between Tetra Laval and Sidel - decisions that where based on dubious arguments and were eventually reversed by the European Court of Justice , with serious damage to the Commission 's credibility .
Does it really make sense that two European Union member countries hold a veto power on the Security Council while the Third World -LRB- outside of China -RRB- is completely unrepresented ?
`` In November 2006 , the -LRB- AKP dominated -RRB- Turkish parliament , as part of the reforms related to possible EU accession , passed a new law governing Lausanne religious minority foundations , easing procedures to establish foundations and allowing non-Turkish citizens in Turkey to open them ... Then President Ahmet Necdet Sezer -LRB- a staunch Kemalist -RRB- , however , vetoed the legislation .
The Kremlin continues its propaganda offensive against Georgia , and has vetoed prolonging the mandate for United Nations observers in Georgia and Abkhazia . A major Russian military maneuver , Caucasus 2009 , is underway .
This acceptance of collective responsibility should come with abandoning US veto power in the IMF by lowering required voting majorities , as well as abandoning Europe 's prerogative of appointing the Managing Director .
To address such problems , arrangements that enable a minority of shareholders to veto related party transactions -- arrangements which are not warranted in widely held firms -- could well be valuable .
The current Israeli-Palestinian peace talks and the American veto on negotiations with Syria indicate that we have returned to the `` Palestine first '' concept .
The entire legal process might well be cut short by a US veto at the UN Security Council , and Israel might still stick to its traditional claim about its right of self-defense .
He insisted on being consulted by the Bush administration on US plans , and when some in Washington thought aloud about taking on Iraq after Afghanistan , the Prime Minister registered a clear veto .
The prospect is uncertain enough as it stands that Bush may be spared the need to veto it .
But to be a genuine locus of international legitimacy , the UN must become a different organization -- one secure in its own legitimacy and able to function without the endless delays , vetoes , indecisiveness , and unwillingness to ensure respect for its decisions .
In this context , the veto power conferred on the victors of World War Two was not concerned with `` internal '' conflicts among the member states ; it extended only to threats to peace from countries outside the UN consensus .
In addition , the Kurds will expect to retain a veto over any proposal that might compromise Kurdish autonomy in the northern provinces .
The Myth of the Shia Crescent AMMAN -- Recently , Israel 's Vice Prime Minister Shaul Mofaz offered an unequivocal veto on a key issue in the Middle East peace process .
Once a proud supporter of the free market and the man who banished hyper-inflation in Ukraine in the 1990 's , Yushchenko has in recent weeks vetoed -- sometimes on flimsy grounds , and sometimes for no stated reason at all -- a series of vital privatizations .
While the United States has declared its intention to veto a declaration in the Security Council , several European countries , including the United Kingdom and France , intend to back the Palestinian move should negotiations with Israel remain elusive .
Currently , Palestinians oscillate between two options that imply either addressing the Security Council in a bid for full UN membership , or appealing to the General Assembly , should a US veto render success there impossible .
Confronted with the prospect of a US veto , an increasing number of international observers flatly oppose the Palestinian plan , on the grounds that it is unlikely to generate concrete political gains and would merely deflect attention from the main requirement of Middle East peace-making : a return to the negotiating table .
Such an approach would begin with refraining from forcing an immediate vote -- and a dramatic US veto -- in the Security Council .
When Arab states met to discuss the Gaza crisis , Saudi Arabia vetoed any action .
The EU 's member governments name the members of the European Commission , and the Parliament lacks an explicit right to veto them .
Moreover , from the beginning South Korea had little faith in the UN even trying to act , due to China 's veto in the Security Council .
Chávez , the Cubans and their allies , however , want no part of Lobo , and vetoed his attending the Cancún summit where the new Latin American organization was conceived .
In any case , the political consequences overshadow legal or bureaucratic issues . Forcing the US to use its veto in the Security Council , or obtaining the support of more than 150 of the UN 's 193 member states in the General Assembly , would be a huge defeat for Israel and the US , which is why the Latin American votes are important .
Indeed , he may not even object to ruining the EU 's entire legislative engine by granting national parliaments a veto .
It will become impossible in an EU of 25-30 , unless the scope for majority voting is enlarged , and the veto power of individual states reduced .
Moreover , the Bush administration combined its policies with an extraordinary reluctance to veto anything coming out of Congress , and , after the year or two that it took for this to become obvious , an inability to restrain Congress at all .
We will have nothing to do with it . Adding insult to injury , EU officials say that Turkish Cypriots can not veto the application by Greek controlled Cyprus .
The problem is no longer too much power in the president 's hands , but too much power in the hands of `` veto centers '' -- including public-sector unions -- that are blocking much-needed reforms , including in the health system .
It needs to rethink the fundamentals of an economy and political system in which entrenched interests have become `` veto centers '' for reform .
This means that no single country can block action , in contrast to the IMF executive board , which makes decisions by consensus , giving large countries like the United States de facto veto power .
The second signal was sent when Greece successfully vetoed membership for Macedonia , a move that reflected the two countries ' unresolved conflict over Macedonia 's name -LRB- which Greece insists must be Former Yugoslav Republic Of Macedonia -- FYROM -- one of the most disgraceful acronyms harassing international politics today -RRB- .
So there you are : a Greek veto on Macedonia 's national aspirations until it has chosen a name that does not make the Greeks shiver in fear of aggression from the north .
They want full UN membership , but -- facing inevitable veto of that option by the United States in the Security Council -- are willing to accept as a fallback a majority vote by the General Assembly recognizing Palestine as a non-member `` observer state , '' the status now enjoyed by the Vatican .
Despite frantic efforts by the US and the European Union to find some compromise that would head off a UN vote by kick-starting real negotiations , it is much more probable that , even after a US veto in the Security Council , an early UN General Assembly vote will deliver a strong majority for observer-state status .
The Poles should ask themselves the following question : Would , Poland 's traditional security concern , Russia , be happy or sad if the Polish government had really carried out its threat and used its veto to block the Brussels agreement ?
Ukraine , on the other hand , whose cause in Europe the Poles ostensibly champion , would have been in serious difficulties in the wake of a Polish veto .
But this applies similarly , if in reverse , to the West : on the one hand , the principles of a new Europe as defined by the OSCE after 1989\/1990 do n't allow decisions about alliances to be subject to the veto of a large neighbor .
Turkey explains its refusal by the EU 's failure -LRB- as a result of a veto by the Greek Cypriot government in Nicosia -RRB- to fulfill its own promise to open up trade with Northern Cyprus , which is under Turkish rule .
UN Security Council Resolution 1973 , which authorized the current mission to protect Libyans , had the explicit or tacit agreement of the Security Council 's five veto-wielding powers .
And please spare me mention of the abstentions in the Security Council by Russia and China , which constituted a waiver of their veto and thus a de facto endorsement , clearing the way for intervention .
Germany 's abstention , on the other hand , is viewed as a simple `` No , '' because Germany has no veto and is also a key member of the European Union and NATO .
The problem is that the French referendum on the EU constitution in 2005 vetoed further political integration , while further economic integration may now fail because of Germany .
Already , French President Jacques Chirac has promised to veto any Security Council resolution on reconstruction that seeks to justify the war .
The US -LRB- which has veto power -RRB- has now taken the stance that it will no longer approve the higher number of executive directors -LRB- 24 at present -RRB- .
More than anything else , the UN reflects the ability of the major powers -LRB- above all , the US , China , Russia , France , and the United Kingdom , the five permanent , veto-wielding members of the Security Council -RRB- to agree -- and to back up their agreements with resources .
As a result , all legislation can be threatened by the oppositions veto , blocking any reform that harms the opposition 's constituents .
Many Europeans are sick of British vetoes . So am I.
What is the source of this right-wing veto over presidents , congressmen , and public opinion ?
The Supreme Leader has absolute authority and can veto decisions made by the executive , legislative , and judicial branches of government .
It is likely that the Guardian Council , which can veto legislation and bar candidates from standing in elections , will use its power to shift the balance in favor of Ahmadinejad 's conservative critics .
Amazingly , President Viktor Yushchenko regularly vetoed decisions necessary for that stabilization , including every effort at privatization .
No serious negotiations can take place and no results can last if one party vetoes the representatives of the other side .
While European public and private support to Israel , especially in its founding years , is believed to be very extensive , the US has created a firewall of vetoes and political protection for Israel , in addition to providing massive financial support .
A US veto of a Security Council resolution -- supported by the Council 's 14 other members -- to oppose Israeli settlements seemed to signal that Obama had crumbled under pressure from America 's pro-Israel lobby .
The UN General Assembly , unlike the Security Council , can not declare a state , and the US has vowed to veto any Security Council resolution that recognizes Palestine 's independence .
It can not be subject to a third party veto or geopolitical factors .
Apart from the immorality of such public behavior -LRB- imagine a German chancellor paying his respects at Goebbels ' grave ! -RRB- , the fact that both China and the US have veto power at the UN suggests that it is stupid even from the standpoint of Realpolitik .
France had to a large extent initiated both treaties , had managed to get them accepted by its European partners , but in the end vetoed its own undertakings .
And , for a year , the opposition Democratic Party of Japan -LRB- DPJ -RRB- and other mini-parties control Upper House , which can veto legislation .
The current governor will likely block any construction to relocate a base on the island , exercising a de facto veto , particularly with the gubernatorial election due in late November .
France has a veto within the boards of directors of the Franc Zone 's two central banks , while two French commercial banks , BNP-Paribas and Société Générale , exercise a quasi-monopoly on lending programs , mainly centered on short-term trade financing and the needs of governments , public and private companies , and the elite .
To accept de Gaulle 's offer , these leaders had to agree , among other things , to allow the stationing of French troops on their territory , provide France with a steady supply of raw materials at pre-determined prices , assume all colonial-era debts incurred by France , maintain the CFA Franc as their common currency , and grant the French Treasury veto authority over their sub-regional central banks .
In exchange for France guaranteeing the CFA franc 's convertibility , these countries agreed to deposit 65 % of their foreign exchange reserves in a special account within the French Treasury and granted to France a veto over the franc zone 's monetary policy whenever this special account was overdrawn .
Thus , China threatens to veto any resolution of the United Nations Security Council that might impose sanctions against the Arab ruling class in the Sudanese government , whose troops and government-allied militias are perpetrating genocide against Sudan 's black citizens , using Chinese-made helicopter gunships based at airstrips maintained by Chinese oil companies .
He demonstrated pragmatism by not vetoing ongoing EU accession negotiations with Turkey , thus avoiding unnecessary confrontation with Great Britain and Spain , despite maintaining his long-term opposition to full membership for Turkey .
While West Germany 's economy was stronger , France was a nuclear power and a permanent , veto-wielding , member of the UN Security Council .
This past January , China , alongside Russia , vetoed a Security Council resolution that condemned Burma 's human rights record and called on the government to stop attacks on ethnic minorities , release political prisoners , and begin a transition towards national reconciliation and democracy .
The two crises have nothing in common , but their resolution will depend in large part on whether these two permanent members of the United Nations Security Council use their veto power .
If it is to remain a `` Western Alliance '' in a `` globalized '' world , must it define a much clearer relationship with Russia without giving the Kremlin a veto in the Alliance ?
Either proposal would entail amending the UN Charter , which requires marshaling the support of a two-thirds majority of the 191 member states , including the five veto-wielding members of the current Security Council .
Critics complain that this approach places too much trust in a Security Council that can be paralyzed by politics and the veto .
In the former , the prospect of a Security Council veto prevented action , and a regional organization -LRB- NATO -RRB- acted without UN authorization .
In the case of the Iraq War , President Bush never established a broad consensus that might have provided legitimacy in the face of a veto .
Moreover , in the wrangling over the UN resolution , China threatened a veto if there were any references to Chapter VII of the Charter , which allows enforcement .
As one expert put it , its permanent members ' veto was designed to be like a fuse box in an electrical system : better that the lights go out than that the house burn down .
Farming organizations threaten to withhold support for the Treaty unless the government threatens to veto Mandelson 's proposals .
This corporatist structure - labor unions , workers councils , employer confederations , and big banks - facilitates direct interventions in economic decision making to give interest groups protection and veto power .
The European Commission also opened up the market for corporate control by vetoing the barriers against hostile takeovers that most EU governments had erected .
If America 's Democrats lose in the mid-term elections this November , there is a risk of persistent fiscal deficits as Republicans veto tax increases while Democrats veto spending cuts .
The IMF has , however , become far more neutral than it is given credit for -- though it could take more steps to distance itself from its past . These include abolishing any region or country 's right to appoint IMF management ; allowing the Fund to borrow from markets , so that it does not have to keep seeking key countries ' permission to expand ; eliminating any country 's official veto power over major decisions ; and having its agenda set by the IMFC rather than outside bodies .
Now it has strong influence with the new president whom it helped bring to power , a blocking veto in the next government , and it has drawn a clear line in the sand regarding the untouchability of its arms and its communication and operational infrastructure .
The March 14 alliance has said that it would welcome a national unity government with the March 8 coalition , but without the veto power that the opposition has been demanding .
The structure of the Security Council is 60 years old . It still gives the victors of the Second World War permanent membership of the Council , and a veto over its decisions .
The constraints on US options , the veto of circumstances , offers little room for diplomatic improvisation .
The Americans , who would have had to provide most of the money , vetoed the plan .
But Russia and China vetoed the proposal anyway , and only nine members of the Security Council voted in favor , with Brazil , India , South Africa , and Lebanon abstaining .
Among the BRICS -- Brazil , Russia , India , China , and South Africa , all of which happen to be on the Security Council currently -- two vetoed and the rest abstained -LRB- along with Lebanon , for obvious reasons -RRB- .
In particular , they object to the plan 's proposal to give increased powers and responsibilities to the Secretary General , whose selection is effectively in the hands of the Security Council 's five permanent members , which wield veto power .
The five senior generals who led the coup appointed , directly or indirectly , all 160 members of the Consultative Assembly that drafted the new constitution , and they retained a veto over the final document .
Moreover , he would not even be able to veto hostile legislation , because he would be the first president in Mexico 's modern history not to have the one-third of seats in at least one chamber of the legislature necessary to sustain a presidential veto .
The fact that America can veto even these modest IMF proposals illustrates a fundamental weakness of current international economic arrangements .
In the UN , five countries hold a veto - largely a historical anachronism .
Whatever one 's attitude to these arrangements , the notion that a single country can exercise effective veto power seems inconsonant with basic democratic principles .
The world can not allow America to veto its efforts .
The IMF - in which the US is the only country with veto power - shows little sympathy with such political concerns in the developing world .
Ironically , the World Trade Organization , where each country has one vote , might seem far more `` democratic '' than , say , the IMF , where a single country , the US , has a veto .
The American president would choose the Bank 's head , and Europe would collectively decide on the IMF leader , with the understanding that the other side would exercise its veto only if a candidate were totally unacceptable .
So , despite the embarrassment associated with the recent appointment of the current IMF Managing Director Horst Kohler , when the Clinton Administration heavy-handedly vetoed Europe 's first choice for the post , someone with deep experience in developing countries and a new approach to their problems was never seriously considered .
Too often , UN peacekeeping missions require passing the hat among the advanced industrial countries , giving them virtual veto power over when , where , and how the UN acts .
In August 2001 , just before the terrorist attacks on America , the US government vetoed an OECD effort to limit secret bank accounts .
For example , when the IMF correctly suggested , after Argentina 's crisis , that there needed to be a better way of restructuring debt -LRB- an international bankruptcy procedure -RRB- , the US vetoed the initiative .
When the OECD proposed an agreement to restrict bank secrecy , the Bush administration vetoed that initiative , too .
With the IMF so dominated by the US -LRB- it is the only country with a veto -RRB- and Europe -LRB- which , by custom , appoints its head -RRB- , the Fund was long seen as representing the interests of international creditors .
But , while the relative power of Bolivia 's diverse regions is increasing , none can survive alone or veto the actions of highly mobilized zones of the country .
But no investment by a private Russian company has , so far , been vetoed by Western governments .
Russia , by wielding the threat of its Security Council veto , spent much of the past two years whittling away the proposed list of sanctions that might be slapped on Iran for its refusal to honor its commitments to the International Atomic Energy Agency over its nuclear program .
On the other hand , not long after the `` united economic space '' was announced , Russia began to cast covetous eyes on the Ukrainian Black Sea island of Tuszla .
So long as unanimity remains , the more countries that take part in decisionmaking , the bigger the danger of a single veto blocking action .
But the Palestinian partners vetoed that idea -- `` We are n't there yet , '' they explained .
