Musharraf was not ready to give up his military post , but also wanted to be a civilian president .
The military had developed an entrenched distrust of her , given her position as a popularly supported pro-Western leader who wanted peace with India .
Anonymity was not their goal . They wanted to be identified as defenders of a cause .
Moreover , they wanted payback for India 's role in supporting the revolt in the 1960 's and 1970 's that led to Bangladesh 's independence from Pakistan .
Even though the Pentagon itself wanted to close many of them and use the money elsewhere , no measure could be gotten through the Congress , because military bases qualify as `` pork '' - the favors for their constituents that help congressmen get re-elected -- and , according to old and sacred informal rules , no congressman will ever vote against pork in a colleague 's district .
The organizers of the exhibition stated that they wanted to attract attention to the new role of religious institutions in Russian life .
Even before Estrada 's conviction , opinion polls showed that 48 % of Filipinos wanted clemency , if not a guaranteed pardon from Arroyo .
The fact that government guarantees a job implies that its output is not wanted .
Ironically , this was what the ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces -LRB- SCAF -RRB- wanted , and it was achieved at no cost in violence or military tribunals .
In the early 1990 's , many westerners and Russians wanted Russia to become a full-fledged member of both the European Union and NATO , on the condition that Russia became a full-fledged democracy .
This provoked the resignation of Budisa from the presidency of the Social Liberal Party , inciting a virtual split in this key coalition partner , the only party in the government coalition that wanted to resist the Hague Tribunal .
Without encumbering him with any prescription , I told him somewhat sheepishly that I was going on an extended foreign trip and wanted to keep a precautionary strip of antibiotic tablets with me .
Weary of inter-Arab politics , and tired of the high price Egypt had paid for the Palestinian cause , Sadat wanted to move away from Nasser 's pan-Arab ambitions and an excessive focus on the question of Palestine toward an emphasis on Egypt 's role as a power lying at the strategic crossroads between Asia and Africa .
In the peace process as it has been conducted up to now , the Israelis always wanted to concentrate on the issues of 1967 -- that is , land and security .
The Palestinians , however , always wanted to return to the issues of 1948 : refugees , dispersion , and what Akram Hanya , a close Arafat confidant , defined as the need `` to make the Israelis face the tribunal of history . ''
A majority of Kennedy 's advisors -- civil and military -- wanted to attack Cuba .
They wanted to attack Cuba while the missiles were , as they believed , at sea and on their way to Cuba .
But the realities of politics in today 's Europe do not allow for the sort of document the signatories really wanted to draft , so the constitution that they did write is designed to establish a process of evolutionary change that will motivate further improvements along the way - improvement that will , it is hoped , one day obliterate the very arrangements today 's EU Constitution is setting up .
Even if you wanted to curtail financial services , you could still focus on the multitude of non-financial services .
Chairman Mao wanted a hundred flowers to bloom , but only so that he could cut them all off at their roots .
In moderate concentrations , they are essential mediators of reactions by which our bodies eliminate unwanted cells .
In the meantime , we know that antioxidants can cause unwanted health consequences .
Or could it really be true that `` Brussels '' has overstepped its powers , forcing more deregulation than national governments wanted ?
Some European Union countries wanted to push for complete abolition of the death penalty right away .
In factories as well , Party bureaucrats wanted to know everything and decide everything .
In the 1960 's , America wanted Pakistan to be on its side as it sought to contain the spread of communism in Asia .
In the 1980 's , the US wanted Pakistan to help it force the Soviet Union out of Afghanistan .
After the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the US wanted Pakistan to help end Taliban rule in Afghanistan .
The Indian leader , whom I have known for years , had said that he wanted better relations with Pakistan as one his legacies .
He wanted to limit musical expression to sounds that were conducive to harmony and order .
So was a Czech rock band called the Plastic People of the Universe , who so upset the commissars that they were thrown in prison - -- not because they were engaged in political activities , but because , as their singer , Milan Hlavsa , put it , `` we just wanted to do what we liked doing . ''
They did n't care what the commissars thought . They wanted to dance to their own tunes .
If the student leaders had really wanted to take over the government , and use violence to do so , this theory would be convincing .
Indeed , some Party bosses wanted to bring out the tanks , just like their comrades in Beijing .
Many people have migrated to Western European countries from North Africa and Turkey during the last half-century , not because of Western generosity , but because they were required for jobs that natives no longer wanted .
Children of guest workers feel unwanted .
Bernard Kouchner , the founder of Doctors Without Borders , wanted the world to intervene in Nigeria in 1970 , because he saw the killing of Ibos by Nigerian troops as a genocidal echo of Auschwitz .
But Geert Wilders , leader of the right-wing , anti-Muslim Freedom Party , was so disgusted by the Dutch queen 's `` multi-cultural rubbish '' that he wanted her to be stripped of her constitutional role in the government .
The German left wanted to change the interpretation of German history that was the foundation for the democratic and capitalist West Germany built by Chancellor Konrad Adenauer .
Regardless of the fact that this description is largely , though not entirely , inaccurate , the voters decided that the last people they wanted to fix the mess were ... those who created it in the first place .
Where Bush fared best , perhaps , was in Mérida , Mexico , where Felipe Calderón not only received him as the gracious host Mexican presidents always are -- though he rightly slammed his guest on the fence the US is building here and there along the two countries ' border &#45; &#45; but got in return what he needed , and wanted most .
The US has never really wanted to include human rights issues in trade agreements ; at best , and only when forced , US presidents have consented to incorporating labor and environmental chapters .
The US has never really wanted to include human rights issues in trade agreements ; at best , and only when forced , US presidents have consented to incorporating labor and environmental chapters .
Opposition legislators wanted electoral reform , but no new taxes ; the administration wanted more revenues , but no new election laws .
Both sides got part of what they wanted , and Mexico got the short end of the stick .
First , I wanted to provide a Mexican voice in the immigration debate .
An Argentine naval officer who had resettled in Mexico under an assumed name was wanted by Spain on charges of genocide , torture , and terrorism .
Uribe has tended to walk back from the brink every time Chávez has provoked Colombia , and has never wanted to go after FARC guerrilla sanctuaries in Venezuela .
Mexican President Felipe Calderón has never wanted to entangle himself in Latin American disputes and ideological confrontations .
No , Brigitte Bardot -- we still anticipate the arrival of Gerard Depardieu any day now -- and other celebrities , people unable to shed a tear for our unwanted orphans or for the mass poverty left behind by Ceausecu , fly into Bucharest -LRB- undoubtedly by first class -RRB- to protect the wild dogs and denounce our mayor .
The dictator wanted all socialist citizens to live in socialist flats .
When my school was sent to the Polish spa in the town of Zakopane , we were obviously enemies , unwanted in every respect .
I can still feel , with shame , the sense of being not only unwanted but of being an illegitimate invader in a proud country .
They wanted a society in which races and ethnic groups and religious denominations mixed freely .
But Tony Blair lost one of his best and most loyal cabinet friends , Alan Milburn , because he genuinely wanted to spend more time with his family .
But as soon as we move to wider issues of foreign and defense policy , Xavier Solana , the High Representative of the EU Council of Ministers , may be at the telephone number that Henry Kissinger famously could never find in Brussels when he wanted to `` speak to Europe '' in his day , but Solana is hardly in a position to speak for `` Europe '' in important matters today .
Sweden 's government wanted the country to join , because it was afraid of the consequences of staying outside .
The most plausible institutional mechanism for this alternative way forward will be the existing grouping of those member states that have wanted to belong to a more united Europe by joining , or seeking to join , the euro zone .
Some issues that Europe 's decision-makers have wanted to keep under the carpet have now been rudely exposed .
They wanted hard money above everything .
Pounding a table and shouting does not make unwanted facts disappear .
I recall sitting in the back of the White House 's Roosevelt Room and watching , amazed , as he guided meetings of the National Economic Council to the consensus he wanted by little more than raising his eyebrows and calling on people in the appropriate order .
But the last thing the reporters wanted to do was to convey a thumbnail summary of Mankiw 's analysis of outsourcing .
He spent his time making sure the political coalition to support the Texas Rangers in the style to which it wanted to be accustomed remained stable .
During a major meningitis epidemic in northern Nigeria in 1996 , the drug company Pfizer supplied doctors with the oral antibiotic Trovan , which the firm wanted to test against the most effective known drug , Ceftriaxone , as a `` control . ''
But Deng wanted higher standards of living for every Chinese , even if inequality resulted .
Three years ago , Fox wanted the `` whole enchilada '' : a temporary workers accord , more Green Cards to allow Mexicans to work in the US , legalization of immigrants already in the US , development funds for Mexican communities that send immigrants to the US , and a bilateral approach to managing the problem .
If a `` surplus country '' such as Germany wanted to lower non-wage labor costs and increase value-added tax in order to boost its competitiveness , it would simultaneously have to adopt an expansive fiscal policy to compensate for the negative effects on its partners ' foreign trade .
As many studies have shown , Brazil has not been able -- or has not wanted -- to adopt the modernizing reforms needed to promote a productivity boom .
The UK wanted a system in which global liquidity would be regulated by a multilateral institution , while the US , for self-interested reasons , preferred a dollar-based system .
Last week , in a dangerous departure , Merkel and Sarkozy bluntly told the Greeks that it was up to them to decide whether they wanted to keep the euro .
Afterward , many of the women find themselves utterly alone as they suffer the physical and psychological effects of trauma and cope with destitution , unwanted pregnancies and children , HIV\/AIDS , and ostracism by their loved ones who shun them as `` diseased '' or `` tainted . ''
They saw demonstrators in East European capitals and Chinese crowds in Tiananmen Square chanting for freedom , and believed that those throngs wanted to be American .
Earlier this year , at a hearing of the US Senate 's Committee on Energy and Natural Resources , I asked Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham , whose Department oversees America 's research and development of nuclear weapons , whether the Bush administration wanted to develop new low-yield nuclear weapons .
The Falling Dollar CAMBRIDGE -- When the euro 's value reached an all-time high of $ 1.52 , Jean-Claude Trichet , the president of the European Central Bank , told the press that he was concerned about its rapid appreciation and wanted to `` underline '' the United States Treasury 's official policy of supporting a strong dollar .
Although annual GDP growth was 3 % in the first quarter of this year , almost all of it reflected inventory accumulation -- some of which , no doubt , was unwanted build-up caused by disappointing sales .
Obama wanted to continue the 2010 tax rates permanently for all taxpayers except those with annual incomes over $ 250,000 . The Republicans proposed continuing the 2010 tax rates permanently for all taxpayers .
Although there are technical and legal reasons why such a split would be harder for an EMU country , there seems little doubt that a country could withdraw if it really wanted to .
The US wanted to establish a democratic Iraq .
With the war in Iraq , the US also wanted to initiate a democratic transformation of the entire Middle East .
After all , if Russia 's government really wanted to achieve a change in the post-Soviet status quo , it should , first and foremost , pursue a policy vis-à-vis its neighbors that reduces rather than increases fears .
Sarkozy also wanted , and received , increased economic coordination within the European Council .
From the start , Obama wanted to do things differently , pursuing an active Middle East policy .
When his trial began , the prosecution tried to exclude Hamdan from the room during the testimony of a witness against him . The government wanted to protect its sources .
The History at the End of History Fifteen years ago in my book The End of History and the Last Man I argued that , if a society wanted to be modern , there was no alternative to a market economy and a democratic political system .
Not everyone wanted to be modern , of course , and not everyone could put in place the institutions and policies necessary to make democracy and capitalism work , but no alternative system would yield better results .
The IRGC may have wanted some bargaining chips to help spring of its members captured in Iraq .
It is important to remember : those who were responsible for taking the British Marines captive wanted an escalation of the confrontation , both to improve their domestic standing , and to punch back for sanctions that were beginning to bite .
Thus , social scientists made the everyday lives of ordinary people respectable , while refusing to privilege certain animals over certain - typically disabled or unwanted - humans .
We have not lost our loving kindness towards ordinary soldiers , nor even towards the leaders who ordered them to brutalize their own people , but we wanted to urge them to change while there was still time .
As one young Arab told me when describing his homeland : `` The country never invests in the young , we have no place , we are not wanted .
Both the Foreign and Defense Ministries wanted a drawn-out fight over America 's withdrawal from the ABM Treaty and NATO enlargement .
Fed up with apocalyptic predictions , people wanted a miracle in Copenhagen .
Even when he could scarcely breathe with the help of an automatic respirator , Argentines wanted him to assume his role in their dark ritual : `` Show us a good time , bring our hearts some fun . ''
Like the Clintons , the Kirchners knew from early on in their marriage that they wanted to reach the top , and the best way to do it , they concluded , was together .
And , while building a system that would do whatever the government wanted , he began a struggle against critical journalism that continues under his wife .
At the same time , jobs mobility should replace unwanted migration .
Their silence on Iraq reflected their apprehension about unwanted alternatives : either support the US plan and risk encouraging Kurdish moves toward an independent state , or oppose the Americans and jeopardize a critical strategic relationship .
He and the Pakistani army delivered many of the Al Qaeda members most wanted by the US -- Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Egyptians , Yemenis , Saudis , and so on .
I wanted to draw the international community 's attention to the human-rights situation in Cuba , to support that country 's opposition , and to encourage all pro-democratic forces .
Some participants from the developing countries wanted poverty to be declared a proscribed basis of discrimination , while others argued that poverty is far too vague a concept to be the subject of legal rights and duties .
If the British unions wanted to be ethically consistent , they should apply the same strategies to universities in the numerous countries where human rights are brutally abused and free speech suppressed .
Now Milosevic wanted to bring the two men back into the discussions , probably to take some of the pressure off of himself .
One recalls that two years ago , highly placed members of the Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission wanted to play atheir role in the jihad against America .
None wanted me to use their names .
When local elders and delegates wanted to assemble in Mogadishu for a reconciliation conference , security conditions forced them to postpone the conference for several months -LRB- though when they did meet , in big numbers and for a long time , they achieved no breakthrough -RRB- .
The American administration was absolutely right to resist the call to turn Iraq over to a caudillo , as some wanted .
Europeans now have a regional monetary fund , which Asians wanted but could not have .
You simply got everything you wanted -LRB- and probably much more -RRB- with the purchase of a computer .
President Franklin Roosevelt had originally wanted to control American business by setting price levels , but when the US Supreme Court rejected this approach , his administration started to use competition policy to challenge the positions of market-dominant companies .
Few of today 's new `` Marxists '' want to spell out the attractions of a man who wanted to unite German philosophy -LRB- building on Hegel -RRB- with British political economy -LRB- carrying on from David Ricardo -RRB- , and thereby turn two rather conservative traditions into a theory of radical revolution .
The German delegation was led by Alfred Hugenberg , who was not a Nazi but wanted to show that he was an even more implacable nationalist than Hitler himself .
But they also wanted banks to direct more resources to financing domestic investments and industry .
The Germans pressed for clearly defined fiscal rules , but other countries wanted more wiggle room .
That may have been plausible , but the two banks also wanted to demonstrate publicly that they had better balance sheets than their weaker rivals .
In the 1990 's , it looked as if the rest of the world wanted to do business the American way , with active capital markets and company bosses responding to shareholder interests .
In Germany , the Mohn family dismissed the lead manager of Bertelsmann , Thomas Middelhoff , who wanted to turn a family company into an almost denationalized enterprise .
Enron aimed at getting a dominant position as the premier energy trader . Parmalat wanted to do the same for the long-life milk market .
So , when the Bush administration wanted to oppose Iran 's program , merely pointing to the bare fact of enrichment was n't enough .
I felt a prodigious , restless energy that I suspected he could not turn off if he wanted to . Soon after I began to recount my observations , he took me to a map of Vietnam and asked me to locate the areas of destruction .
Now he wanted to dispense with it .
But this aspiration grossly misread both the present and the inherited historical reality , for Pakistan also wanted to be a legatee of British India -- a confused desire that made Pakistan more vulnerable to becoming a `` rented state '' than when it was part of either the Mughal or British Empire .
If Russia and the other countries that opposed America 's Iraq policy in the Security Council really wanted to convince the US not to attack Iraq and to defend international law , it was a naive policy doomed to failure .
For a while in postcommunist Russia , the answers were blindingly clear : parties were divided between those nostalgic for Soviet times and those who wanted reform .
Like most Russians , he wanted the material advantages of capitalism , but had little respect or understanding for the rule of law and dispersion of power , which makes capitalist institutions work .
But if Putin , who has spent seven years `` verticalizing '' power in order to restore the stability and pride lost during Yeltsin 's `` democratization '' of Russia , really wanted to secure the good of his country , he would follow in Yeltsin 's footsteps and exit the scene .
After September 11 , 2001 , many New Yorkers wanted the city 's then Mayor Rudy Giuliani to remain in office .
In the sadly immortal words of Victor Chernomyrdin , Russia 's prime minister during the Yeltsin era , `` We wanted for the better , but it turned out to be like always . ''
Indeed , they may well have wondered if the cunning ex-KGB men around Putin simply wanted to make Kaczynski 's Katyn commemoration a mockery ?
When the news broke -- together with the lesser news that the incumbent , Dmitri Medvedev , will step down to become Putin 's prime minister -- I wanted to scream , I told you so .
More personally , I wanted to see for myself the divide that for too long had kept Greek Cypriots and Turkish Cypriots apart .
But such services must not shy away from promoting and providing modern contraceptive methods to avoid unwanted pregnancies .
For adolescent girls , early marriage or an unwanted pregnancy typically curtails schooling .
Deng wanted to punish the Vietnamese for their own invasion of Cambodia , which ended the genocidal rule of China 's allies , the Khmer Rouge .
France would be off the reform hook , of course , but at the expense of Germany , which would face unwanted inflationary pressures .
Now , because of a war it wanted no part of , Europe finds its security undermined .
For reasons that are unclear , Trichet , in contrast to the ECB 's first president , Wim Duisenberg , has wanted to raise rates by only 25 basis points at a time .
Many in the Governing Council wanted to go faster , because they knew they had a long journey in front of them , but Trichet refused .
Is a forced bankruptcy in extremely fragile global financial markets what the French government wanted for Société Générale ?
In Poland the liberals who were the brains-trust of Solidarity wanted , at first , weak government but realized the impossibility of this .
Initially , the five-year interim agreement called for the election of a Palestinian Legislative Council and an executive leader whom the Israelis wanted to call a `` chairman , '' spurning the word `` president . ''
All that what was wanted from America , most of the young people thought , was withdrawal of its support for allies like Hosni Mubarak and other Arab dictators .
The transport workers wanted a pay increase , following a multi-year wage freeze , while other workers want higher salaries to compensate for inflation , which is higher in Bolivia than the Latin American average , while economic growth is lower .
Rumors had it that one of Russia 's richest men wanted to impress his sweetheart .
Russia 's people wanted to make a difference and amazingly they did : their energy and cohesion put an end to Communist rule .
The revolution 's veterans refuse to discuss their arrogant presumption of `` natural Redness , '' or to mention that they rebelled because they wanted power .
The civilian group that was ousted wanted to adapt the `` Chinese model '' of gradual economic reforms initiated by the Party .
The survey also showed that although China 's government ruled out universal suffrage in the 2007 and 2008 elections , over 40 % of respondents still wanted democracy by then , with nearly 20 % more wanting it by the next round of elections in 2011 and 2012 .
Nobody , it seemed , wanted to spoil the party by pointing that the event was immensely futile , that it highlighted a horrible metaphor , or that it caused much higher overall pollution .
And , if we really wanted to benefit the world , ¤ 2 billion could halve the number of malaria infections , saving 850 million lives this century .
That provoked Israeli retaliation , starting the Gaza end of the crisis that Iran wanted .
That is the other lesson that Ai wanted his audiences to understand , and it is why his spirit and message can not be crushed : there are 1.3 billion seeds with him .
Soon , too soon , I wanted myself to be part of that family of word wizards , those secret relatives of mine .
I studied engineering , not only because I wanted a profession that might protect me from the daily political demagogy , but also because I hoped it would protect me from that essential self I had discovered on an unforgettable post-war July afternoon .
The builders of the twin towers , whatever their native tongues , wanted to be Americans , citizens of the New World , the towers they built symbolizing the stature of freedom .
Every day , at the same hour , he appeared with his metal trunk stuffed with all that he had collected from street corner garbage cans ; it was as if he wanted to ensnare me with his street sorcery so that I could see the city 's unfathomable contrasts .
De Gaulle got most of what he wanted , and granted independence .
EU governments have wanted a pliable Commission , but now the cost could be the death of the `` community method '' that protects the EU against national frictions .
Although many states now hide behind an alleged universal principle of inviolable state sovereignty , for example , would the international community really want to go back to the old model where states did whatever they wanted to their citizens within the confines of their own borders ?
They should begin by imagining what would happen if the child of a genetically modified human wanted to become an elite athlete .
He was one who wanted to remain true to the tradition of the January Uprising and the Legions of Józef Pi?sudski , to the tradition of the insurgents of the Warsaw ghetto and Warsaw Uprising , to the values of the Polish October and the student revolt of 1968 , to the values of KOR -LRB- Workers ' Defense Committee -RRB- and of `` Solidarity . ''
He wanted a democratic Poland in a strong and democratic Europe .
The main difference between the Prague Spring and the Velvet Revolution was that the former was mostly the work of Communist Party members and others who wanted to bring about `` socialism with a human face . ''
Now I wanted to get a sense of life , not statistics .
Yusuf , age nine , working on a computer at the Qattan Center , told me that he wanted to be a pilot .
They wanted a strong charismatic man to reawaken France economically and to reassure them in security terms .
The Olympics were awarded to Beijing for a mixture of economic and political reasons , and China wanted the Games for the same reasons .
By that standard , he would not have wanted Sarkozy .
He wanted to demonstrate to his Western partners that Georgia needed NATO protection from Russia , and that accession was therefore urgent .
Few Party officials really wanted to be troubled by the complexities of such calculations anyway , but either abided by them or paid them lip service , for the sake of maintaining patronage and seeking promotion .
Its leader , Don Luigi Sturzo , wanted it to appeal to tutti i liberi e forti -- all free and strong men .
The successors to those dictators , however , found this turn of events to be an unwanted complication in their political `` thaws '' ; more sophisticated mechanisms to induce fear among their peoples were needed , and there are few deterrents to dissident activity more potent than the threat of removal to an institution for the criminally insane .
Now , however , it appears that the authorities wanted only a small , managed opening , on the assumption that they could control the outcome .
Health Food Truths `` Low-carbohydrate '' pasta is in a category of health foods known in the trade as `` lesser evils '' -- foods with fewer unwanted calories , fat , trans fat , sugars , salt , or carbohydrates .
Despite all the rhetoric about `` old '' and `` new '' Europe , at the end of the Cold War opinion surveys showed that two-thirds of Czechs , Poles , Hungarians , and Bulgarians perceived the US as a good influence on their respective countries , but fewer than a quarter wanted to import American economic models .
After all , he wanted to reform communism , not replace it .
Back then , there was a debate between those who wanted to contain China 's growing strength increased and those who urged China 's integration into the international system .
But because Rumsfeld wanted to prove a point about transforming American military strategy , and his neo-conservative advisors had ideological blinders that distorted their appraisal of Iraqi reality , Shinseki 's advice was rejected .
Able people wanted to join him because Rickover was renowned for implementing an important strategic vision , not because he was a nice boss .
In the 1960 's , the Somalis wanted to vote right away ; Kenya wanted to wait 40 or 50 years while it went about its nation-building , or reshaping tribal allegiances into a Kenyan identity .
Similarly , when eastern Nigeria decided it wanted to secede and form the state of Biafra in the 1960s , other Nigerians resisted , in part because Biafra included most of Nigeria 's oil .
Neo-conservative pundits drew the conclusion that the United States was so powerful that it could do whatever it wanted , and that others had no choice but to follow .
Alan Greenspan , the former chairman of the Federal Reserve Board , was hardly an inspirational speaker , but markets and politicians hung on his every word , and he tailored the nuances of his language to reinforce the direction in which he wanted to lead monetary policy .
The major challenge , however , is the difficult work of collecting unwanted devices at the street level , and sorting and coordinating collected items for international distribution and processing .
Confidential company documents made available in late March suggest that Shell withheld vital information on the extent of the downward revaluation of its Nigerian reserves - by 1.5 billion barrels -LRB- 60 % of the country 's total reserves -RRB- - because it wanted to strengthen Nigeria 's hand in negotiating with OPEC to increase the country 's production quota .
But Humala 's detractors claim he took up arms to help the escape of Montesinos , who was already wanted by the law , but managed to flee aboard a sailboat towards Galapagos on the day of the coup .
I realized that I would have to fight to communicate what I wanted to achieve .
They did n't have to like Israel , provided that they were n't too rude about America 's pro-Israel bias and its refusal to accept that insisting on Israel 's inalienable right to exist was not the same as allowing Israel to do whatever it wanted .
Although the leaders of Poland , Hungary , the Czech Republic and Slovakia recently declared they wanted to keep the Visegrad grouping alive even after their countries ' enter the EU , the future of Visegrad cooperation is uncertain .
This may make skeptics the very people European policymakers wanted to convince .
Moreover , Thailand already attracts unwanted attention for its draconian security laws .
When they entrusted him with responsibility for convening the constituent assembly , the Bolsheviks knew what they wanted to do with the constituent assembly , because they knew Stalin as a person who would not stop at anything .
Kouchner always wanted to be a minister .
The Doha Round was constructed on a myth , namely that a negotiating agenda focused on agriculture would constitute a `` development round . '' This gave key constituencies what they wanted .
CAMBRIDGE -- Not long ago , a Harvard colleague wrote to me that Saif al-Islam el-Qaddafi , a son of Libya 's dictator , would be in town and wanted to meet me .
Business interests sought to replace SEC commissioners who wanted the rule , and their lawyers threatened to sue the SEC if it moved forward .
The opposition 's new leadership also displaced those who wanted to supplant `` populist '' leaders with an anti-political discourse .
Its leaders squabbled , regarding themselves as the sole possible rulers and engaging in wishful thinking that some external factor would hand them whatever they wanted .
Equally significant was the development in the old Islamic party of talented leaders that wanted to break with its backward-looking ways and extremist image .
The result is a trap in which poverty causes bad governance and bad governance causes poverty -- a two-way spiral downward that can lead to such extreme deprivation that the government , lacking computers , telephones , information systems , and trained civil servants , could n't function honestly even if it wanted to .
Extreme ideologies influence people when they ca n't feed their families , and when lack of access to family planning leads to an unwanted population explosion .
`` I asked my daughter what she wanted to do , '' the father explained , `` and she told me that she wants to stay in school , so she is continuing in school . ''
For their part , emerging economies wanted to change the subject from short-term macroeconomic stimulus and imbalances to longer-term development issues .
This is particularly important in the case of AIDS , because the spread of drug resistant viruses and the unwanted side-effects of existing medicines , means that new anti-retroviral drugs will be needed to keep treatments effective .
After the terrorist attacks on the US of September 2001 , it wanted to withdraw troops from Saudi Arabia , and it presumably chose Iraq as its new long-term base of operation .
Moltke wanted to invade and defeat Russia before it was `` too late '' for Germany to triumph .
The Bush administration wanted to fight Saddam Hussein well before the terrorist attacks on the US of September 11 , 2001 , but it could not have gained public support .
Richard Cheney , Donald Rumsfeld , and Paul Wolfowitz wanted war with Saddam all through the 1990 's , and urged `` regime change '' as a policy for President Clinton , who wisely rejected such irresponsible advice .
They wanted to seize control of Iraq 's oil .
They wanted a new `` home base '' in the Middle East if Saudi Arabia soured .
They wanted to protect Israel from Saddam .
However , when they saw that Hezbollah had limited demands and wanted Lebanon 's Western-backed coalition to continue to lead the government , they chose to make advantage out of adversity .
Neither Hezbollah nor Amal wanted this .
Even if we wanted to reject what was force-fed in chants or poems like `` Che Comandante , '' it was hard to resist the charm and passion that came from his letters and diaries .
I wanted to sit with him for a beer and a cigarette to talk about his love for chess or his favorite books .
But , one by one , most of the DPP 's founding fathers all left the party , accusing Chen of corruption and autocratic behavior even within his own party -- which Chen dismissed as sour grapes from people who wanted their share of the political spoils .
Mao wanted to instill obedience by having as many people as possible witness the terror .
What the world wanted was an accurate picture of what the banks were worth and `` mark-to-market '' valuations to guide investors as to how much new capital they needed .
The world also wanted to see the US retaking the high road in reinforcing business ethics and integrity -- so lacking under the last administration .
Twenty years ago , real short-term interest rates were exceptionally high by historical standards because the major central banks of the world wanted to combat what was seen at the time as inaction against spiraling inflation .
The cosmopolitan influentials were often uninterested in meeting new people in town ; the locals wanted to know everyone .
Yet we knew what we wanted to replace it with -- a system based on modern European democratic market values .
If your chances of a long lifespan are not good , you might buy more life insurance , or even retire early to have enough time to do what you always wanted to do .
Welby should not have been helped to die , they might argue , because he expressly said that he wanted to die , not that he wanted to avoid a burdensome treatment .
They wanted to make similarly well-informed choices about the charities to which they contributed .
The interests of patients should come first , but when it is dubious that continued treatment is in a patient 's interests and there is no way to find out what the patients wants , or would have wanted , it is reasonable to consider other factors , including the views of the family and the cost to the community .
A better objection to IVF is that in a world with millions of orphaned or unwanted children , adoption is a more ethical way of having a child .
This does not include billions of fish caught illegally nor unwanted fish accidentally caught and discarded , nor does it count fish impaled on hooks as bait .
The plot then takes another turn when Caesar becomes too big and aggressive to live in a human home , and is taken to what is supposed to be a primate sanctuary , but is in fact a dumping ground for unwanted apes , run by humans who display cruelty to the captive animals .
Two years ago , Ben Bernanke , chairman of the US Federal Reserve , argued that foreigners were buying US securities because they trusted America 's financial supervisory system and wanted to participate in the dynamism of its economy .
The US wanted the Chinese money , but it was not prepared to offer anything more than structured securities of questionable creditworthiness , as well as government paper that is now clearly exposed to the risk of inflation and devaluation .
The Europeans wanted to achieve their goal through , among other means , further environmental protection and more social cohesion -- desirable aims , but certainly not growth strategies .
In other words , there can never be involuntary , or unwanted , unemployment .
The classical view of the economy , which Keynes set out to demolish , is not only alive , but in recent years has been dominant , feeding the belief that competitive markets can be left to regulate themselves , will always provide as much employment as is wanted , and are immune to large-scale collapse .
While the former wanted a revolution , the latter demanded only -- but no less audaciously -- that the authorities obey the law .
If it is freedom and democracy that are wanted , they can be fostered only by strengthening international law and international institutions .
For no one should be mistaken : there are alternatives to European integration - all of them bad , unwanted , and dangerous .
It was always clear that the timing of America 's departure from Iraq might not be its choice -- unless it wanted to violate international law once again .
Of course , anyone who wanted to could have seen American households ' growing indebtedness , which would have gone a long way toward correcting the false impression of success given by the GDP statistic .
Firms that wanted to do the right thing , to spend the money to reduce their emissions , now worry that doing so would put them at a competitive disadvantage as others continue to emit without restraint .
After all , in globalized financial markets , money looks for the best prospects around the world , and these prospects are in Asia , not the US . So the money wo n't go where it 's needed , and much of it will wind up where it 's not wanted -- causing further increases in asset and commodity prices , especially in emerging markets .
Banks never wanted to admit to their bad loans , and now they do n't want to recognize the losses , at least not until they can adequately recapitalize themselves through their trading profits and the large spread between their high lending rates and rock-bottom borrowing costs .
Immanuel Kant , with his categorical imperative , provided the philosophical foundations for those who wanted an alternative basis for ethics than that provided by religious aphorisms .
More recently , oil companies have demonstrated little conscience in providing money that feeds guerrilla movements -- so long as their own interests are preserved . When , in Angola , one brave firm , BP , wanted to do the right thing by trying to make sure that oil royalties actually go to the government , rather than to corrupt officials , other oil companies refused to go along .
In each instance , when the world 's collective decision differed from what America wanted , President Bush insisted that America get its way .
Most importantly , Bush did not ask the hard questions - perhaps because he , like those below him , already knew the answers they wanted .
Before the invasion of Iraq , they wanted America to go to the UN , and today they recognize that America alone can not maintain order in the Middle East .
Wolfensohn meant it when he said that he wanted to put the country in the driver 's seat , though not everyone within the Bank was as enthusiastic about this -LRB- or some of his other -RRB- initiatives .
Indeed , Bolton even wanted to eliminate any reference to the MDG .
More accurately , tax cuts were what Wall Street wanted , and financial professionals were willing to accept any argument that served that purpose .
They exist because Wall Street and the other financial centers around the world wanted safe-havens , protected from regulations and taxes .
During his campaign , Morales made clear his intention to increase state control over national gas and oil . But he had made it equally clear that he did not intend to expropriate the property of energy firms -- he wanted foreign investors to stay .
Berlusconi 's Silent Majority Economic Policy , April 2001 , www.economic-policy.org -RRB- , of those who answered or had an opinion , 51 % in Italy wanted a smaller welfare state -- i.e. , they thought that the government should reduce taxes while at the same time cutting pensions and other transfers to households .
The economic policy platform of the center-left coalition seemed neither convincing nor credible for those who wanted less government intervention and lower taxes .
When the generals suppressed the popular uprising of 1988 , nullified the overwhelming election victory by Aung San Suu Kyi 's National League for Democracy -LRB- NLD -RRB- in 1990 , shot students , and arrested the newly-elected leaders , India 's government initially reacted as most Indians would have wanted .
When the IAEA announced it wanted to inspect a suspected enrichment cascade within the Revolutionary Guards complex at Lavizan-Shian , Iran 's government stalled for months until it could raze the site .
Prior to Motherland 's sensational victory in the 2003 general election , Rogozin wanted the post of minister of foreign affairs .
In 2001 , then-US Ambassador to Haiti Dean Curran publicly and explicitly linked the withholding of IDB loans to the demand that Haiti 's political parties reach a compromise that America wanted .
An interesting issue would arise if some countries wanted to act , but others did not .
Whereas advocates of abolishing nuclear weapons wanted his administration to employ a zero-based approach to nuclear planning , with the burden of proof on those seeking to retain nuclear weapons to fulfill essential military functions , the NPR presumes the continuation of current nuclear roles and missions unless convincing arguments exist to end them .
US policymakers in particular wanted to take advantage of the ongoing surge in NATO combat forces in Afghanistan -- which reached 150,000 in August , of which some two-thirds were American -- to shake Taliban commanders ' conviction that they were winning the war .
The New York-based management wanted the Palestinians and Israelis to portray each other in a humanizing way .
Rather than focus on creating scenarios that showed Israelis -- even Israeli kids -- in a positive light , they wanted to focus on showing Palestinian culture in a positive light , portraying Palestinian youths as role models , and providing images to kids that offered alternatives to violence .
Of course , Vladimir Putin had already put in place a treaty between Russia 's government and the country 's richest men , who agreed not to comment on the actions of the state in exchange for the freedom to earn as much money as possible in any way they wanted .
And if a well-placed official wanted to enter into a successful business , refusals were not accepted .
But , despite past US administrations ' opportunity to make their influence felt , they preferred to permit Israel , an allied , friendly state , to do what it wanted .
The Nazis did not kill the Jews because they wanted their territory -- the Jews had none ; or because the Jews were followers of a rival religious faith -- the Nazis and their henchmen were atheists and enemies of all religion .
The Nazis looked at Jews as a strain of `` microbes , '' and it was for this reason that they wanted to destroy them so brutally and meticulously .
But when the North Korean regime realized that smile diplomacy did not get it whatever it was they wanted , the country 's rulers shifted back to hostility .
After all , they achieved what they wanted in defiance of enormous international pressure , and even succeeded in transferring nuclear technology to Syria several years ago without being punished .
At the end of my narrative , I invite readers to consider fundamental strategies of resisting and challenging unwanted social influences , and I introduce the notion of `` the banality of heroism . ''
