Musharraf was not ready to give up his military post , but also wanted to be a civilian president .
The military had developed an entrenched distrust of her , given her position as a popularly supported pro-Western leader who wanted peace with India .
But the new leadership wants to distinguish between al-Qaeda terrorists and religious conservatives and disillusioned Pashtun youth within Pakistan . After all , the victory of the secular Awami National Party -LRB- ANP -RRB- in Pakistan 's North-West Frontier Province is a strong indication that people there have rejected religious political forces and violence .
In this context , the army , seeking to avoid sole responsibility for reverses , wants a popular government to take charge of policy . No such government can emerge if the elected parties are unseated .
Anonymity was not their goal . They wanted to be identified as defenders of a cause .
Moreover , they wanted payback for India 's role in supporting the revolt in the 1960 's and 1970 's that led to Bangladesh 's independence from Pakistan .
Assad wants nothing more than to see this affair forgotten -- and the proponents of dialogue think that they can give him what he wants in the hope of breaking Syria 's alliance with Iran .
The January 2008 semester exams at schools in Gaza operated by the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East -LRB- UNRWA -RRB- found 50-60 % failure rates in mathematics and a 40 % failure rate in Arabic -- the children 's native language . Despite this , Ayman insists , `` I want to be an educated person . I want to be an engineer to build my country . ''
While the US and the EU do not want to worsen relations with Russia , they can not retreat in the face of Russian obduracy ; security in Europe is at stake .
But the Young Guard -- those who led the first Intifada -LRB- 1987-1993 -RRB- , as well as those making their names in the current Intifada -- want a share of power .
Abbas also wants weapons in only one set of hands -- those of the Palestinian Authority .
The United States , Israel , and some Arab governments plan to arm and train forces loyal to Abbas , especially his presidential guard . They want to prepare Abbas 's forces in Gaza for a confrontation with Hamas , which they believe is inevitable .
Fatah , which runs the West Bank , wants no part of another Palestinian uprising .
The alternative is to look forward and asks what type of country Argentines want to leave to future generations .
Even though the Pentagon itself wanted to close many of them and use the money elsewhere , no measure could be gotten through the Congress , because military bases qualify as `` pork '' - the favors for their constituents that help congressmen get re-elected -- and , according to old and sacred informal rules , no congressman will ever vote against pork in a colleague 's district .
If Europe wants to work less , it must be extraordinarily productive when it does work if it is to keep up with the hard-working Americans .
If Europe wants to play a more active role in international affairs it must become a military power : the US spends about 4 % of its GDP more than Europe for military purposes .
Combine this with the generous retirement rules that were designed in the 1970 's , when the post-war baby-boomers were just about to join the labor market and the welfare state seemed to be free of budget constraints , and you create an entitlement that no one wants to tinker with .
Being richer , they can provide more financial support to parties and politicians who will defend their interests than the young , who might want to push for pension reform .
Punishing this airline will only reduce competition in the airline industry , an outcome that , Mario Monti , the EU competition commissioner , and Loyola de Palacio , the EU transport commissioner , can not possibly want .
Berlusconi 's interest is clear : he wants someone he can call and ask to look after Italy 's interests - be it a forbidden government loan to Alitalia or some other favor .
Europeans do n't really want reforms , and politicians are very aware of this .
Today the most dangerous anti-Semites are those who want to make the world Judenstaatrein , free of a Jewish state .
The trouble with Annan is that , when similar perils loomed , he proved especially wanting .
Not only does North Korea show little interest in holding another session of the six-party talks that the Bush administration and the other participants are calling for ; it now wants to ban the Japanese from participating .
Despite anti-American sentiments among some South Koreans , a majority of the country 's people wants American forces to remain as a stabilizing force .
Any open rupture will weaken the hands of the reformers who want to have close ties with the West and the US .
Likewise , the standard economic analysis of racial discrimination is that whites do not want to associate with non-whites , and so demand a premium to buy from or work with non-whites .
For example , in the case of gender , those who identify as men also want to behave as men are supposed to behave ; those who identify as women want to behave as women are supposed to behave .
The organizers of the exhibition stated that they wanted to attract attention to the new role of religious institutions in Russian life .
As we can now see , the Social Committee For the Moral Revival of the Fatherland wants to be among the managers .
A deputy from the CHP , the staunchly Kemalist People 's Republican Party , Muharrem ?nce , who opposed the reopening of the Halki Seminary became angry . `` Do you know who most wants to open the seminary in this country , '' he loudly asked .
They want this , because they want to open Islamic schools as well . ''
Even before Estrada 's conviction , opinion polls showed that 48 % of Filipinos wanted clemency , if not a guaranteed pardon from Arroyo .
But if political leaders and policymakers want lower oil prices , they should be promoting policies that strengthen the dollar .
Most Turks do n't want to see their country excluded from the West , but if the EU spurns them while speeding up entry for weaker candidates , Turkey may come to feel sufficiently strong and embittered to strike out on a new geo-political course .
If Europeans want to have some influence here , they must play a unitary role by , say , encouraging America to update the ABM Treaty in agreement with Moscow .
The fact that government guarantees a job implies that its output is not wanted .
The very downstream access Gazprom wants in Europe is the EU 's trump card .
Companies also want , of course , contracts that wo n't be repudiated by the next government .
Sixty years ago , the Universal Declaration of Human Rights recognized that both freedom from want and freedom from fear are indispensable preconditions for a dignified life . The Declaration unequivocally linked destitution and exclusion with discrimination and unequal access to resources and opportunities . Its framers understood that social and cultural stigmatization precludes full participation in public life and the ability to influence policies and obtain justice .
Not all countries will embrace the Protocol . Some will prefer to avoid any strengthening of economic , social , and cultural rights and will seek to maintain the status quo . The better and fairer position , however , is to embrace the vision of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and promote unambiguously the idea that human dignity requires respect for the equally vital and mutually dependent freedoms from fear and want .
Algeria in the 1990 's is a potent reminder of this , and Western governments do not want the vicious cycle of repressive autocrats producing violent theocrats and refugees to restart .
Ironically , this was what the ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces -LRB- SCAF -RRB- wanted , and it was achieved at no cost in violence or military tribunals .
Putin 's real problem is that Khodorkovsky is too powerful and independent for the straitened politics he wants .
If Putin wants to save his own skin , he must act fast and sack his top KGB aides in the Kremlin and the Prosecutor General .
Putin is too jealous of power to delegate . Because he wants to make all decisions , he replaced a strong prime minister and chief of staff with two men unable to make decisions .
In his time , Soviet President Leonid Brezhnev was ridiculed for only being interested in concealing bad news and not wanting to remedy problems .
Putin , however , wants nothing of the kind .
Ordinary Ukrainians aspire to law and order ; businessmen want their playing field to be leveled with the richest and most well connected .
No doubt they want to dominate the new cabinet , and with their impressive executive and intellectual skills they are dispersed over all parties .
In the early 1990 's , many westerners and Russians wanted Russia to become a full-fledged member of both the European Union and NATO , on the condition that Russia became a full-fledged democracy .
Even now , in the midst of an inflationary crisis , the NBU wants to move in small steps , evidently failing to grasp the severity of the crisis .
The Kremlin wants a new strategic arms control agreement , but the siloviki desire nothing more .
The US also wants progress on the territorial integrity of former Soviet states , such as Georgia , but that , too , is unlikely .
Regardless of whether Georgians like or dislike Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvilli , they want to go West , too .
No one wants to see the streets of Damascus consumed in protest , or a violent confrontation erupt between protesters and security forces .
What the Syrian people want is a meaningful dialogue with the regime .
Surely a twenty-first-century fisherman does not want to see the basis of his or her living degraded and destroyed , nor does a modern conservationist want to ring-fence the environment and stop people from making a living .
So if governments want existing agreements to rule the waves , they must start acting on the sobering science and real-world numbers .
Many who want Olmert to go would still not welcome a Netanyahu comeback , which may also explain what appears to be an indirect endorsement of Olmert by the United States .
As they contemplate the end of their military operations , NATO members must support a political process if they truly want to stabilize Afghanistan .
The members that we represent -- advanced and emerging countries in Asia and Europe -- want to play a role in re-establishing a strengthened IMF at the heart of the international monetary system .
Citizens want powers to be clearly defined and decisions to be taken openly in a way that they can understand .
We want to reaffirm our commitment to a life without war and injustice , and to the freedom that we hold so dear .
At the time , as a young Indian recently relocated to the West , I did n't want to be associated with stodgy parents who patiently folded used wrapping paper and stored it under their mattress .
We do n't want to reuse paper bags anymore .
We do n't even want to be seen conserving .
We now have the power to waste , and we want to flaunt it .
This provoked the resignation of Budisa from the presidency of the Social Liberal Party , inciting a virtual split in this key coalition partner , the only party in the government coalition that wanted to resist the Hague Tribunal .
Of Moldova 's 3.5 million people at the time of independence , 15 % have already left the country to seek better lives elsewhere . More than 63 % of Moldova 's young people say they want out .
The Shia focus on political reforms that would reflect their majority status . Aggrieved Sunnis , however , want socio-economic changes , such as affordable housing . And , whereas Egyptian protesters of all types found common ground in insisting that President Hosni Mubarak resign , Bahrainis will find it almost impossible to agree on a rallying cry .
Western governments have been accused of interference , but it is unlikely that any want to derail their relations with China , especially during an economic crisis .
At the heart of the EU , France wants to play its part in a collective effort that is fast becoming a major issue for us all .
Without encumbering him with any prescription , I told him somewhat sheepishly that I was going on an extended foreign trip and wanted to keep a precautionary strip of antibiotic tablets with me .
State-guided economies can continue their rapid growth path , but ultimately they will need to make a transition to a suitable blend of the other two forms of `` good capitalism '' if they want to continue rapid growth .
Of course , insiders do not want the rules to be so lax that it becomes impossible for them to raise capital from the public .
`` I am still OK , '' I reasoned . `` They still let me write what I want ... ''
Indeed , Prime Minister Wen Jiabao has declared that he wants to see more `` scientific development '' in China 's approach to its problems , and even called for a temporary halt of the Salween -LRB- Nu -RRB- River dam .
Weary of inter-Arab politics , and tired of the high price Egypt had paid for the Palestinian cause , Sadat wanted to move away from Nasser 's pan-Arab ambitions and an excessive focus on the question of Palestine toward an emphasis on Egypt 's role as a power lying at the strategic crossroads between Asia and Africa .
Those in the Muslim world who want to embrace reform must be driven by the conviction that theocracy has never served as a vehicle for human progress .
Lebanon is too vulnerable to pressure from Syria and Iran , neither of which wants to see their local clients relieve the Israelis of the burden of a `` Lebanese front '' before their own grievances are addressed .
And , finally , after a mortal blow had been dealt to whatever remains of the peace process , and cemeteries in Israel and in devastated Gaza are again filled with new casualties , Israel would want to withdraw , and negotiate yet another ceasefire with ... the same Hamas .
Turkey 's powerful military establishment may want to maintain close relations with Israel , but the widely popular change in Turkey 's foreign policy priorities , and the serious identity dilemmas facing the nation , send an unequivocal message that the alliance can no longer serve as an alternative to peace with the Arab world .
The unprecedented explosion of America 's fiscal deficit raises the risk of high inflation in the future -- exactly the kind of scenario that Europeans want to prevent at all cost .
India and Pakistan , unlike Israel , which has been committed to a strategy of nuclear opacity , both see themselves as nuclear states and want the world to accept that status . Moreover , Israel never tested a nuclear weapon , and has unequivocally accepted the Nuclear Suppliers Group -LRB- NSG -RRB- guidelines , which seek to stem proliferation through the control of nuclear exports .
In the peace process as it has been conducted up to now , the Israelis always wanted to concentrate on the issues of 1967 -- that is , land and security .
The Palestinians , however , always wanted to return to the issues of 1948 : refugees , dispersion , and what Akram Hanya , a close Arafat confidant , defined as the need `` to make the Israelis face the tribunal of history . ''
Wars in the Middle East , it should be recalled , have started even when the parties did not really want them .
As always , they want the best of all worlds : an emphatically Jewish state in which Palestinians would have citizenship rights , but no national rights whatsoever .
Israel wants an end to the conflict but is incapable of paying the price , whereas Hamas can better reconcile its ideology with a peace agreement with Israel if it is not defined as final .
It is not entirely far-fetched to assume that Netanyahu finally calculated that if he wants more room to maneuver to deal with Iran , he must participate in the peace process with the Palestinians .
Indeed , according to a Pew Research Center poll , only 5.5 % of people have access to Facebook , while 95 % want Islam to play a major role in politics , 80 % believe that adulterers should be stoned , 45 % are practically illiterate , and 40 % live on less than $ 2 a day .
Making European Defense a Reality BRUSSELS -- Anyone reflecting on the value , weight , and relevance of today 's European military forces for global affairs needs to keep two crucial questions in mind : Where do we want to go ?
A majority of Kennedy 's advisors -- civil and military -- wanted to attack Cuba .
They wanted to attack Cuba while the missiles were , as they believed , at sea and on their way to Cuba .
But the realities of politics in today 's Europe do not allow for the sort of document the signatories really wanted to draft , so the constitution that they did write is designed to establish a process of evolutionary change that will motivate further improvements along the way - improvement that will , it is hoped , one day obliterate the very arrangements today 's EU Constitution is setting up .
Even if some Nato members want to distance themselves from this strategy , the Bush Administration unambiguously supports Nato 's role as a stability network .
Merely to insist , as some legal purists want , on the sanctity of existing agreements , is not enough ; if they were adequate for past international requirements , this does not mean they are viable in a time when non-state actors are muscling into an arena hitherto monopolized by states .
Therefore , those wanting to stop the slide into an unnecessary and risky war must make their own argument about credibility .
She may even want to confirm that message by making her first official trip abroad not to Paris but to Warsaw or Vilnius .
Only an Israel seriously willing to seek security through agreement , not one that wants to impose her security on her neighborhood by fiat , can be partner to an international effort to bring stability to Lebanon and beyond .
Under the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- of which Iran is still a member , countries are entitled to engage in enriching uranium for civilian purposes , and Iran claims that this is all it wants .
Today , Iran declares that it wants to observe the NPT , and that has no intention of building a nuclear bomb .
If the six governments want to avoid the escalation spiral and curb the proliferation dynamic , they need to change strategy and objective .
Instead of making a halt to uranium enrichment the be-all and end-all of their effort , their central objective should be to subject the Iranian activities to as much verification as possible : if Iran wants to enrich , so be it , but it must accept intrusive international inspections .
Even if you wanted to curtail financial services , you could still focus on the multitude of non-financial services .
Chairman Mao wanted a hundred flowers to bloom , but only so that he could cut them all off at their roots .
Given this reality , corporations want to give simply because it is expected of them .
Much of Europe seems to be stuck in the same mindset : we say that we want a common foreign and security policy , but we do nothing about it until a crisis emerges . Then we squabble about what to do .
Today 's crisis in transatlantic relations , and our accidental involvement in it as part of Donald Rumsfeld 's `` New Europe , '' means that Poland -LRB- like every other European state -RRB- must now decide what it really wants from the EU and NATO .
Ukraine , reasonably enough , wants this agreement to be accompanied by an acknowledgment of its European destiny , and by clear steps towards reciprocal visa-free travel .
Determined reform policies could overcome these obstacles ; but , if Ukraine wants to proceed on the EU path , it must understand that the rule of law is a precondition for substantial integration .
In moderate concentrations , they are essential mediators of reactions by which our bodies eliminate unwanted cells .
In the meantime , we know that antioxidants can cause unwanted health consequences .
Or could it really be true that `` Brussels '' has overstepped its powers , forcing more deregulation than national governments wanted ?
Many investors who want out will not return for some time , and countries must accept this fact and adjust accordingly .
Europe does not want to find itself in this position .
Since happiness is ultimately what people want the most , while wealth is only a means to that end , the primacy now accorded to economic growth would appear to be a mistake .
But I want France to avenge its defeat at the last World Cup in Seville , not its defeat at Verdun .
Indeed , the Pentagon wants to enlarge the Marine Corps and Special Operations forces .
Those who want to join the Stop Female Genital Mutilation campaign carried out by AIDOS -LRB- Italian Association of Women for Development -RRB- , TAMWA -LRB- Tanzania Media Women 's Association -RRB- , and No Peace Without Justice can sign the petition by visiting www.stopfgm.org .
In my view , every sensible person should want this largely ignored war to end as well .
Fortunately , in the end , the opponents were forced to fight a will stronger than their own : the will of those who -- after the abolition of slavery and torture -- want to mark another turning point for civilization .
Some European Union countries wanted to push for complete abolition of the death penalty right away .
Many do n't want to abandon the deep roots they have in their home regions ; others do n't want to move to another country , where language and culture may be obstacles .
Those who want to control , reform , and reduce government spending seem to have the big picture right .
In addition to bailouts and toxic asset plans , governments worldwide want central banks to monitor macroeconomic and overall financial-sector risk -LRB- as opposed to focusing on individual firms -RRB- .
The European Union wants to establish a European Systemic Risk Board composed of the national central bank governors , chaired by the European Central Bank .
And what about people whose reason for wanting to die is not related to their medical condition at all ?
Doctors have pointed out that , whilst recognizing that an increasing majority of the population wants such a service to be available , to hasten death intentionally is still inherently incompatible with the basic objectives of medicine .
In Oregon , the patient decides independently of the physician where and when he or she wants to die , or even at all .
Russia wants to know where the Union will stop .
Asians want to assume greater responsibility in the world , and it is in Europe 's interest that they do , as long as they , too , respect the rules of fair play .
Most Europeans believe that China wants to be a shaper of -- not a challenger to -- a balanced world order , a strong United Nations , and an effective multilateral system .
If we want to build something better on the ruins of multicultural indifference , our dialogue must become more profound .
Kurds will accept the arrangement because they believe that the new constitution guarantees their right to control most of the oil wealth that lies beneath their territory , and because they do n't want the blame should Baghdad descend into chaos .
China 's influence within the UN would prevent such a move even if Taiwan voted yes , but an international confrontation is the last thing China wants coinciding with the Olympics .
Capitals of Capital NEW YORK -- Recently , China 's government announced that it wants Shanghai to become a global financial capital equal to London and New York by 2020 .
China 's leadership , for its part , will want to know why free-market champions in Washington are threatening more protectionism .
The Obama administration also wants China to share more of the burdens of international leadership .
Today , the right wants tax cuts and the left , now reconstituting itself , may push for higher spending .
With the exception of Iran , none of Iraq 's neighbors wants to see that model in Iraq .
But the administration 's confrontational approach is failing , because it is precisely what Iran 's rulers want .
Israel does not want to take on Iran without US support and will maintain pressure on both Congress and the president to threaten Iran with every means at its disposal .
Third , Turkey is well aware that an all-out attack inside Iraq is exactly what Turkey 's Kurdish separatists want .
Polls show that more than 80 % of Belgians want yet more integration , whereas roughly 50 % of the Dutch describing themselves as Euroskeptics .
Belgium will be serving on the United Nations Security Council for the next two years , and has indicated that it wants to give its mandate a European dimension .
`` I do n't exclude investigations of the clans behind Medvedchuk or Yanukovich , but the rest of business wants clear rules , '' he says .
By leaving Pinchuk off this list , Yushchenko may be hinting that he wants a truce with Ukraine 's most powerful magnate should he become president .
Most ordinary Ukrainians desperately want to be part of Europe .
Recognizing this reality , virtually all Arab states -- other than Iran 's ally , Syria -- and the PA want to see Hamas defeated in the Gaza Strip .
Arab states do n't want to help their worst enemy . Why should anyone else ?
On one hand , they want to achieve a comprehensive political solution with the Palestinians based on creating a Palestinian state , in exchange for real , lasting peace .
In factories as well , Party bureaucrats wanted to know everything and decide everything .
I know that we have come a long way , and I do not want to go back .
They may form the least bad option if he does not want Brazil to go the way of Argentina .
In the 1960 's , America wanted Pakistan to be on its side as it sought to contain the spread of communism in Asia .
In the 1980 's , the US wanted Pakistan to help it force the Soviet Union out of Afghanistan .
After the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the US wanted Pakistan to help end Taliban rule in Afghanistan .
The Indian leader , whom I have known for years , had said that he wanted better relations with Pakistan as one his legacies .
He wanted to limit musical expression to sounds that were conducive to harmony and order .
So was a Czech rock band called the Plastic People of the Universe , who so upset the commissars that they were thrown in prison - -- not because they were engaged in political activities , but because , as their singer , Milan Hlavsa , put it , `` we just wanted to do what we liked doing . ''
Hlavsa and his long-haired fans , celebrated in Tom Stoppard 's brilliant play , Rock n'Roll , did n't want the state to spoil their party .
They did n't care what the commissars thought . They wanted to dance to their own tunes .
They do n't want to do anything against the Chinese government . ''
If Flemish citizens do n't want their taxes to go to the Walloons , what about helping out unemployed immigrants from Africa , a large chunk of which the Belgians once owned and exploited as a major source of their prosperity ?
Some of these democracies have joined NATO , and others desperately want to .
Strache , the leader of the Freedom Party , wants the government to create a new ministry to manage the deportation of immigrants .
Only zealots want ideas to be pushed to their logical extremes .
A liberal-democratic China may not come soon , but after Charter 08 no one can deny that many Chinese desperately want it .
If the student leaders had really wanted to take over the government , and use violence to do so , this theory would be convincing .
Indeed , some Party bosses wanted to bring out the tanks , just like their comrades in Beijing .
This is a vital lesson , especially at a time when China 's economic success is convincing too many leaders that citizens , especially but not only in Asia , want to be treated like children .
This can not be what China wants .
For the first time in almost 200 years , China can really throw its weight around , and it will do what it wants , regardless of what other countries may think .
And it is why bullying Japan is always a good option : China 's rulers do not necessarily hate Japan , but they are afraid to look weak in the eyes of their citizens , who are taught from kindergarten that foreign powers want to humiliate China .
Many people have migrated to Western European countries from North Africa and Turkey during the last half-century , not because of Western generosity , but because they were required for jobs that natives no longer wanted .
Immigrants -- not `` guest workers '' -- who come for work are more likely to want to integrate to some degree , and to be treated as fellow citizens , than people who come with the baggage of empire , or simply as refugees , or , worse , people pretending to be refugees because they have no other way to gain access to wealthy countries ' job markets .
Children of guest workers feel unwanted .
They want Obama to handle things more .
Instead of taking a cautious approach , and letting the demonstrators in Iran , Tunisia , Egypt , Libya , Bahrain , Yemen , and other places do the shouting , they want him to talk tough , or , better yet , to send in the US Air Force and blast Qaddafi 's jet fighters and helicopter gunships out of the sky .
They want Obama to tell those dictators to quit right now , or else ...
People want freedom , but not when it comes from the barrel of a US gun .
But American hawks want what most opposition leaders in Libya have expressly rejected .
They want the US to show leadership , which is the last thing aspiring democrats need right now .
The Burmese monks , together with nuns in pink robes , were soon joined by students , actors , and others who want to be rid of the military junta .
To call these people 's ostentatious displays of extravagance wasteful is to miss the point : a world of glittering dreams that must remain entirely beyond our grasp is precisely what many people want to see .
Bernard Kouchner , the founder of Doctors Without Borders , wanted the world to intervene in Nigeria in 1970 , because he saw the killing of Ibos by Nigerian troops as a genocidal echo of Auschwitz .
We do everything they ask us to do , and still they do n't want us . ''
Wilders , in particular , likes to speak in apocalyptic terms of `` the lights going out over Europe , '' and `` the sheer survival of the West . '' And the problem is not just a particular strain of violent revolutionary Islam , but Islam itself : `` If you want to compare Islam to anything , compare it to communism or national socialism -- a totalitarian ideology . ''
Geert Wilders ' Freedom Party wants to ban the Koran , halt Muslim immigration , and deprive delinquents with an immigrant background of Dutch citizenship .
Now that she is a permanent US resident , the Dutch government no longer wants to pay for her protection .
But Geert Wilders , leader of the right-wing , anti-Muslim Freedom Party , was so disgusted by the Dutch queen 's `` multi-cultural rubbish '' that he wanted her to be stripped of her constitutional role in the government .
Wilders , a popular rabble-rouser whose party occupies nine seats in the Dutch parliament , compares the Koran to Hitler 's Mein Kampf , wants to stop Muslims from moving to the Netherlands , and thunders that those who are already in the country should tear up half the Koran if they wish to stay .
The German left wanted to change the interpretation of German history that was the foundation for the democratic and capitalist West Germany built by Chancellor Konrad Adenauer .
We want more , expect more , and complain more loudly if we do n't get it .
When we do get it , we quickly raise the bar , wanting still more .
Argentina 's ongoing search is an untold , fascinating story of how we Argentines imagine and define who we want to be in the next decades .
Post-election polls show that 80 % of Palestinians still want a peace agreement with Israel and nearly 70 % support Abbas as president .
Similarly , an overwhelming number of both Israelis and Palestinians want a durable two-state solution .
Regardless of the fact that this description is largely , though not entirely , inaccurate , the voters decided that the last people they wanted to fix the mess were ... those who created it in the first place .
Where Bush fared best , perhaps , was in Mérida , Mexico , where Felipe Calderón not only received him as the gracious host Mexican presidents always are -- though he rightly slammed his guest on the fence the US is building here and there along the two countries ' border &#45; &#45; but got in return what he needed , and wanted most .
The US has never really wanted to include human rights issues in trade agreements ; at best , and only when forced , US presidents have consented to incorporating labor and environmental chapters .
The US has never really wanted to include human rights issues in trade agreements ; at best , and only when forced , US presidents have consented to incorporating labor and environmental chapters .
Opposition legislators wanted electoral reform , but no new taxes ; the administration wanted more revenues , but no new election laws .
Both sides got part of what they wanted , and Mexico got the short end of the stick .
First , I wanted to provide a Mexican voice in the immigration debate .
An Argentine naval officer who had resettled in Mexico under an assumed name was wanted by Spain on charges of genocide , torture , and terrorism .
But Calderón does n't want American aid on American terms .
The ALBA countries decided they would concede nothing to Obama , and attempt , instead , to back him into a corner : either the US would go along with the new OAS consensus , angering both parts of the Cuban-American lobby and the human rights community by abandoning principles and commitments , or the US would have to act alone -LRB- perhaps with Canada by its side -RRB- , leaving it totally isolated in Latin America -- the last thing Obama wants .
Chávez , the Cubans and their allies , however , want no part of Lobo , and vetoed his attending the Cancún summit where the new Latin American organization was conceived .
Uribe has tended to walk back from the brink every time Chávez has provoked Colombia , and has never wanted to go after FARC guerrilla sanctuaries in Venezuela .
Mexican President Felipe Calderón has never wanted to entangle himself in Latin American disputes and ideological confrontations .
Now that it ventured to the other side of the world and fared poorly , it is unlikely to want to pursue other futile projects , such as reforming the OAS , deterring further confrontation between Venezuela and Colombia , or ensuring free and fair elections in Nicaragua .
Given the undemocratic nature of the Legislative Council , it is almost certain that the government has enough votes to pass almost any law it wants .
His argument is that Iran does not want nuclear weapons , and would not use them to duplicate a crime that did not happen .
They do n't want to leave Cuba ; they want to redefine it .
I imagine that Rivero would want to end with a diary entry smuggled out by his fellow journalist and prison mate Manuel Vázquez Portal .
They want to breathe , but life with a patriarchal tyrant can be suffocating .
Younger Cubans often sound like well-educated teenagers with parents who are too strict . They want to travel , publish what they want , dance when and where they want , and experience the world as Castro experienced it .
I want to see as they had the chance to see . ''
For now , the biggest Latin American issue for North Americans is the estimated 12 million undocumented immigrants in the U.S. -- most of whom speak Spanish . Say what you want about free trade , but in many countries , humans have replaced sugar , bananas and coffee as the number one export .
The Afghan Taliban and their sponsors , the Pakistan military , simply want to wait out the Americans .
Nevertheless , China has refrained from attacking him , making clear that it wants him to return eventually .
But there can be no denying that these three leading Asian powers and the US have different playbooks : America wants a uni-polar world but a multi-polar Asia ; China seeks a multi-polar world but a uni-polar Asia ; and Japan and India desire a multi-polar Asia and a multi-polar world .
Now the country is being divided by the political rivalry between two Sinhalese war idols , each of whom wants to be remembered as the true leader who crushed the Tamil Tiger guerrillas .
China fears that the government still wants to write a new constitution - one from which Taiwanese independence would be derived .
China wants the link defined as domestic in nature , with rights reserved exclusively to airlines registered on either side , while Taiwan insists that services be open to foreign competition .
A brave concession , no doubt , but India has a more rigorous criterion for believing that Pakistan is truly serious about reaching a peaceful agreement : it wants Pakistan to dismantle the infrastructure of cross-border terrorism -- in particular , the training camps for Kashmiri separatists and their international jihadi brethren .
Vajpayee , for his part , has hinted that if Pakistan wants a decent deal , it ought to make one with him , as he might be the last Indian leader for a long time who is willing to compromise even a little on the issue .
The elected president wants to act , but the assembly refuses to approve the necessary laws . Or vice versa .
The Treaty will be essential not only to the proper functioning of Europe 's institutions , but also to their further `` deepening '' -- something that many call for without necessarily really wanting to achieve .
But Japan now has in Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi a leader who wants the country to be militarily proactive .
So , to paraphrase Sigmund Freud , `` What do American women want ? ''
Women who plan to postpone marriage while building their careers are far more likely to want to ensure that they can avoid or end an unintended pregnancy .
Likewise , women who want to stay home with their children tend to favor tax breaks or family subsidies , whereas women who want to combine work and family are more likely to support expanded childcare and guaranteed parental work leave .
NATO fixes hard limits on the autonomy of local political elites to do what they want .
Of course , we have lots of problems that the EU wants to see resolved : unfettered corruption , poor public administration , a justice system that makes a mockery of impartiality , and an economy which , despite some progress , has not yet been declared a `` functioning market '' by the European Commission .
This is a nightmare that both European and mainstream Romanian politicians want to avoid .
As parliamentary and presidential elections loom , everyone wants to figure out just what he is up to .
No EU government will want to invite into the club an administration that contains Romania 's far uglier version of Le Pen and Haider .
But saying that publicly wo n't work anymore , not because Romanians do not think this way -LRB- many certainly do -RRB- , but because the political class from left to right wants to be part of Europe and wo n't associate with anyone who puts that desire at risk .
No , Brigitte Bardot -- we still anticipate the arrival of Gerard Depardieu any day now -- and other celebrities , people unable to shed a tear for our unwanted orphans or for the mass poverty left behind by Ceausecu , fly into Bucharest -LRB- undoubtedly by first class -RRB- to protect the wild dogs and denounce our mayor .
The dictator wanted all socialist citizens to live in socialist flats .
Mayor Basescu wants to be the next leader of the Democratic Party -LRB- now led by former Prime Minister , Petre Roman -RRB- and is said to be preparing to run for president in 2004 .
Automobile companies can not adjust immediately to a change in consumer preferences regarding what type of cars they want to purchase , or how frequently . Would-be financiers can not adjust to these plans overnight .
Instead , there is a complex misalignment problem -- too many autoworkers when too few people want new cars , for example -- that results in a decline in overall output .
The idea sounds logical : a man with a good job that enables him to build a decent life wo n't want to fight Americans or his fellow Iraqis , right ?
If the US wants to increase jobs , it should intensify efforts to work with these private Iraqi companies to bid on contracts .
Reforms are needed if Europe really wants to become a competitive , knowledge-based economy , and not merely the most regulated one .
Ideological party platforms have lost their force ; voters do not accept the specific bundles offered by parties but want to pick and choose .
Because most people do n't particularly want to belong to a party , playing the party game becomes a minority sport .
Some want to cut through the tangle with more direct democracy .
The two cabinet ministers who resigned over the affair , Robin Cook and Clare Short , want their own revenge and thus continue to attack Blair for his `` lies . ''
Turkey wants desperately to be accepted into the EU , whose `` Copenhagen criteria , '' approved in 1993 , define what may be called the constitutional prerequisites of membership .
When my school was sent to the Polish spa in the town of Zakopane , we were obviously enemies , unwanted in every respect .
I can still feel , with shame , the sense of being not only unwanted but of being an illegitimate invader in a proud country .
They wanted a society in which races and ethnic groups and religious denominations mixed freely .
But Tony Blair lost one of his best and most loyal cabinet friends , Alan Milburn , because he genuinely wanted to spend more time with his family .
If we want to persuade others to subscribe to it , we do well to demonstrate that we not only believe in elections and majorities but also in the virtues of responsibility and honor .
The African boat people in the Mediterranean are often not even sure whether they want to be in Italy , Germany , or Britain .
That they want to get out , now that their reasons for the war have so dramatically collapsed and domestic support is fading , is beyond doubt .
But neither wants to leave in ignominy , with their last man dramatically lifted of an embassy rooftop by helicopter .
Both Bush and Blair want to leave Iraq , if not with a victory , then at least with some sense of `` mission accomplished . ''
Such a strategy might even lead to an outcome about which those who want Iraq to join a free world can genuinely say : mission accomplished .
Americans may not want their soldiers and military hardware in dozens , if not hundreds , of places around the world , but they accept a president who offers simple -- often martial -- certainties .
People who live longer while not being in employment want to enjoy their lives .
Like the unemployed , they do not want a political party devoted to their plight .
But as soon as we move to wider issues of foreign and defense policy , Xavier Solana , the High Representative of the EU Council of Ministers , may be at the telephone number that Henry Kissinger famously could never find in Brussels when he wanted to `` speak to Europe '' in his day , but Solana is hardly in a position to speak for `` Europe '' in important matters today .
If Europeans do not want to go to war , and Americans do not want to get involved in protracted processes of institution building in distant places , an obvious potential for an international division of labor emerges .
Europeans do not want to fight , not even for their basic values , and Americans think they are fighting only as patriots of their great country .
The latter is what most Germans want ; the former is what they are most likely to get .
Things do not move as fast as they want them to , or not at all , owing to conditions that they do not control .
Earlier generations may have borne the burden of working and waiting more readily , but nowadays people want results here and now .
In other words , elections are not enough if one wants to bring democracy to the world .
But if we want freedom , then social and economic inequalities are a legitimate , and necessary , price to pay .
Like Thatcher , Blair now hears from his party that he should go and replies that `` the people '' still want him .
One can understand that enlightened believers in Islam -LRB- of whom there are many -RRB- find it upsetting that the world in which they want to live is in fact frail and vulnerable .
Getting your hands dirty is what most people in rich countries no longer want to do . From restaurant kitchens to care for the elderly , from harvesting cotton to laboring on building sites , people in rich countries want to consume services that they are no longer willing to provide themselves .
In short , France does not want any of these people to be President , and Chirac 's large eventual victory will not correspond to any large degree of legitimacy .
When a politician goes to his electorate , he needs to be able to say what he wants to do and why ; and a party needs to have a program on which its members all more or less agree .
In the past , the main axis of debate was usually been between federalists , who want a stronger EU , and inter-governmentalists , who want to preserve the member states ' national autonomy .
Blair believes that Britain ought to join the Euro , because he wants Britain to be , as he puts it , `` at the heart of Europe '' .
Most commentators tended to assume that , if that 's what Tony Blair wants , then sooner or later that is what will happen , because , after all , he is the Prime Minister .
Slowly , very slowly , the European Union is approaching the moment of truth when its members must decide what kind of a Union they want .
Do they want a politically integrated Union , perhaps developing eventually into a true federation ?
Or do they want a loose economic club , based essentially on a single economic market , with a few optional add-ons of a political nature ?
Sweden 's government wanted the country to join , because it was afraid of the consequences of staying outside .
Tony Blair wants Britain to join the Euro , because he does not want to be excluded from the European core .
So obviously Spain and Poland do not want to give up their voting privileges there .
What kind of EU do the member states -- present and future -- want ?
Do they want a politically integrated EU ?
Or do they want a free-trade area based on some form of inter-governmental arrangement ?
Tony Blair says he wants Britain to be at the center of Europe .
The question is : do the new member states want a more politically integrated Europe ?
Or do they in fact want a free-trade Europe politically subservient to the United States ?
They will then be forced to make public and explicit choices about the sort of Europe that they want , and this will put them at odds with their neighbors .
The most plausible institutional mechanism for this alternative way forward will be the existing grouping of those member states that have wanted to belong to a more united Europe by joining , or seeking to join , the euro zone .
But the old member states that have hitherto benefited most from the budget -- poorer countries like Spain , Greece , and Portugal -- want the budget to be expanded , so that they can continue to receive money .
Old member states that have traditionally contributed most , like Germany and the Netherlands , want to keep the budget as small as possible .
Those who want the banks `` cut down to size , '' even if it is a case of cutting off one 's nose to spite one 's face , are not happy with Vickers .
Some issues that Europe 's decision-makers have wanted to keep under the carpet have now been rudely exposed .
We do not want to inflate another asset-price bubble on the scale of the one that burst in 2007-2008 .
Last year , negotiators developed a better understanding of what they want from the different aspects of the action plan they agreed in Bali , and they gathered ideas and proposals .
If significant financial resources are to be generated for mitigation and adaptation , developing countries will want a representative say in how that money is to be allocated and spent .
The group 's other members -- led by China and Kazakhstan -- want to strengthen their already robust levels of economic cooperation with the West .
Both sides want to do more , and they might be able to make a greater impact by working together rather than separately .
But Europeans want to help the US turn the page .
That is why terrorists want to destroy them .
Eighth , increase support for NGOs with successful records in creating entrepreneurs in rural development , in carpet weaving , jewelry design , or any other activity that Afghans want to develop .
Furthermore , foreign investors do not want to deal with diplomats or civil servants . They want to talk to private-sector experts who understand the technical and financial needs of their companies or sectors .
The executive director should put together a team of analysts located in critical locations abroad and able to conduct business intelligence . This requires investigation of markets and trends , and identification of specific firms that would be desirable for the clusters or niches that the country wants to promote .
Continental Europeans were told to follow the US model and liberalize their labor markets , so that businesses that want to hire can do so without losing money and so that unemployed workers who find new jobs wo n't see their wages offset by cuts in welfare-state benefits .
But if the rest of the world really wants to help , it should lecture America along the lines I suggest .
Neither the French nor the Germans , obviously , want to contemplate any possibility of a return to the days when every generation they would kill each other over the question of which language should be spoken by the mayor of Strasbourg -LRB- or is it Strassburg ? -RRB- .
When there is excess demand for safe , liquid , high-quality financial assets , the rule for which economic policy to pursue -- if , that is , you want to avoid a deeper depression -- has been well-established since 1825 .
If the market wants more safe , high-quality , liquid financial assets , give the market what it wants .
They wanted hard money above everything .
For one thing , the process by which the design decisions are made resembles committee work : most people want a horse , but the push and pull and tug of negotiation produces a camel .
If incomes and demand were normal , we would want a lot more new construction then we do now .
Solving any of these three problems would go a long way toward resolving the long-run financing imbalance between current tax rates and America 's long-run social-insurance promises that the debt-ceiling debate 's instigators supposedly want to address .
Pounding a table and shouting does not make unwanted facts disappear .
I recall sitting in the back of the White House 's Roosevelt Room and watching , amazed , as he guided meetings of the National Economic Council to the consensus he wanted by little more than raising his eyebrows and calling on people in the appropriate order .
With capital controls , people who badly want to move their capital across borders ca n't - unless they find some complaisant bureaucrat .
After all , the ruling communist oligarchs have grown accustomed to a comfortable lifestyle . The last thing they want is mass unemployment and urban unrest to call their positions into question .
With private-sector demand stalling , the Employment Commission wants the government to serve as employer of last resort .
The Social Security `` crisis '' that he wants to spend his political capital on `` resolving '' ranks no higher than third among America 's fiscal problems in urgency and seriousness -- and at a time when these problems have grown into a profound threat to global economic stability .
But the last thing the reporters wanted to do was to convey a thumbnail summary of Mankiw 's analysis of outsourcing .
They would always see and want to grasp the benefits of lower interest rates and a little more demand pressure -- more production , more employment , higher wages , and higher profits in the short run .
America 's Sleeping Watch Dog I want to deviate from my usual economic theme this month and focus instead on the system by which the press -- mostly the American press -- covers government nowadays .
He spent his time making sure the political coalition to support the Texas Rangers in the style to which it wanted to be accustomed remained stable .
High oil prices have created huge export revenues for Middle Eastern governments , which still want to park their earnings in American assets .
The same is true of Russia , whose oligarchs , as well as the huge state investment fund that finance minister Alexi Kudrin has created , also want to invest their oil revenues in the US .
When added to the normal shocks that afflict the world economy , this source of destabilizing volatility created the unstable world before 1987 that led many to wonder why somebody like Alan Greenspan -- who had previously only spent a couple of years in government -- would want the job .
But banks facing possible liquidity problems -- which the Fed wants to be able to borrow at 5.25 % -- are borrowing from the Fed itself at 5.75 % , as are a few big banks that want more liquidity but do n't believe they could get it without disrupting the market .
A few have done so because they are making careers as party-line Republicans , so their priority is to tell Republican politicians what they want to hear -LRB- Josh Bolton and Mitch Daniels come to mind here -RRB- .
When the prices of even safe assets fall and interest rates climb to sky-high levels because traders and financiers collectively want more liquid assets than currently exist , it is simply not safe to let the market sort things out .
? Keep as much economic activity as possible under private-sector control , in order to ensure that what is produced is what consumers really want .
The problem is not that such women on average want fewer than two children ; in fact , on average they wish to have a bit more than two .
Sometimes spending rises because there is more disposable cash in the economy , and sometimes because changes in opportunity costs -- the cost of forgoing some other action , such as saving -- make people want to spend the cash they have more rapidly .
The market is also saying -- clearly and repeatedly -- that the economy has too little public US government debt , which is why everyone wants to hold it .
And the regime will not want the process of economic opening to get too far ahead of security agreements and political normalization .
In South Korea , President Lee Myung-bak 's political base wants to roll back , not reinvigorate , the Sunshine Policy , and there is a widespread -LRB- though by no means universal -RRB- weariness with engagement .
But if it does fulfill these conditions , further hesitation by Europe will undermine all those who want to bring Turkey 's democratic transition to a successful conclusion .
Everywhere debate is focused on the best way to combat this form of terrorism and on the importance , in this context , of the Greater Middle East initiative that the United States wants the G8 and NATO to approve in June .
Unlike European leaders such as Joschka Fischer , Germany 's Foreign Minister , the US excludes the Israeli-Arab conflict from the initiative , and wants to concentrate solely on the social and economic problems that feed extremism and terrorism in the Islamic world .
During a major meningitis epidemic in northern Nigeria in 1996 , the drug company Pfizer supplied doctors with the oral antibiotic Trovan , which the firm wanted to test against the most effective known drug , Ceftriaxone , as a `` control . ''
The military leaders have shown that they can mobilize their forces in short order when they want , as evidenced by their violent crack down on thousands of monks and political activists last year .
By pursuing this route after he takes office , Obama will force Iran to make a choice : does it want to be a state that is fully integrated into the global economy , or does it want to be an `` ideology '' with rogue status ?
Neither Serbs nor the West want a government in which Se¨elj or someone like him plays a leading role .
He was initially slow in fighting organized crime , because he did not want to alienate the bulk of Milosevic 's mafia-infested establishment at once .
That , however , is not the kind of message elected Prime Ministers want to hear .
Indeed , Germans resent intrusiveness from Brussels , which wants Germany to cut subsidies to quasi-state enterprises such as the Länder banks and has fined Volkswagen for anti-competitive practices .
Herbert Hoover , America 's president of seventy years ago , became famous for trying to do what Prime Minister Koizumi now wants to do .
If America wants to lead capitalism 's global march , it must exorcize a growing culture of corporate crony capitalism .
But Deng wanted higher standards of living for every Chinese , even if inequality resulted .
They do n't want a job that will solve their problems for three years , but rather a precise path to residency in the US that will solve their problems forever .
They do n't want a legal status that will vanish in three years .
Three years ago , Fox wanted the `` whole enchilada '' : a temporary workers accord , more Green Cards to allow Mexicans to work in the US , legalization of immigrants already in the US , development funds for Mexican communities that send immigrants to the US , and a bilateral approach to managing the problem .
Vicente Fox has said that he wants more , and he should keep his word .
Russia is not interested in confrontation ; we want to focus on our own development , prosperity , and stability .
This is what we want to see in the future -- and it is a future that is not possible without Russia .
If a `` surplus country '' such as Germany wanted to lower non-wage labor costs and increase value-added tax in order to boost its competitiveness , it would simultaneously have to adopt an expansive fiscal policy to compensate for the negative effects on its partners ' foreign trade .
Many academic and commercial research facilities want one , as do several countries .
Someone may legitimately want to remain anonymous , but we can draw our own conclusions about their reasons .
Yandex 's ads are gone , but those signs are , unfortunately , still there -- not just in the metro , but in many other places where public servants do not want to talk to the public -- police stations , ticket offices , and public buildings of many kinds .
If some legislator wants to post that an hour is private , that 's fine .
We want people to expect to see such information , just as they now expect information about a food product or an item of clothing .
Users can still go where they want , but at least there are signposts warning that they are entering a dangerous neighborhood .
Borrowing from the open-software movement , Räsänen and his colleagues want to make the idea and the basic designs free , and encourage lots of companies all over the world to implement it locally .
If you want to start an electric engine company , learn how to retrofit a gasoline engine , or simply figure out what you could do with your own car , go to you build it , others will come !
But it is also true that if the US wants to improve relations with its neighbors to the south , America should make significant bilateral trade concessions to the Latin American countries .
As many studies have shown , Brazil has not been able -- or has not wanted -- to adopt the modernizing reforms needed to promote a productivity boom .
We may not want politicians to be driven by self-interest , but we need to acknowledge that they have selves , which are formed by a multitude of factors -- and passions .
In other words , if we do not want to reduce our vision of politics to policy processing , we need to remember -- if only for the sake of fuller and more realistic judgment -- that politicians are human , too .
It has rethought its traditional opposition to capital controls . It has suggested that central banks may want to consider higher inflation targets in order to avoid hitting the zero bound in the event of deflationary shocks .
First , the notion that importers , exporters , and bond underwriters will want to use the same unit as other importers , exporters , and bond underwriters holds less weight in a world where everyone has a mobile phone that can compare currency values in real time .
The UK wanted a system in which global liquidity would be regulated by a multilateral institution , while the US , for self-interested reasons , preferred a dollar-based system .
Last week , in a dangerous departure , Merkel and Sarkozy bluntly told the Greeks that it was up to them to decide whether they wanted to keep the euro .
Countries putting money on the barrelhead want assurances that their resources will not be used frivolously , and they want to know that they will be repaid .
China is worried that its more than $ 1 trillion investment in US Treasury securities will not hold its value . It wants reassurance that the US will stand behind its debts .
It therefore wants to see a credible program for balancing the US budget once the recession ends .
Afterward , many of the women find themselves utterly alone as they suffer the physical and psychological effects of trauma and cope with destitution , unwanted pregnancies and children , HIV\/AIDS , and ostracism by their loved ones who shun them as `` diseased '' or `` tainted . ''
This helps to explain why so many companies continue to hoard cash , rather than investing domestically , and why a growing number of countries want to diversify gradually away from dependence on the dollar as the reserve currency and on US financial markets for intermediation of their hard-earned savings .
This is sad -- both for Russia and Europeans -- because it strengthens the hand of those in Moscow who want to pursue a policy of national pride rather than national interest , and it weakens the possibilities of establishing a real common European foreign and security policy .
If you want to open `` new chapters '' in relations between old adversaries , you can not simply close `` old chapters '' by denying or suppressing history .
This has given new strength to those who want Turkey to develop in another direction , towards a more Islamic society instead of a modern secular state .
This leaves us with the third question : what kind of Turkey does the EU want ?
Will Ukraine continue its turn towards the West , as Yushchenko and his Orange Revolution ally Yuliya Tymoshenko want , or return to Russia 's strategic embrace , as Yanukovich and his allies want ?
If Europeans want their ambitions to be taken seriously , they must find ways to deal with the decline in Europe 's military power .
At best , Europe should hope for a `` more common '' foreign and security policy , even though this fails to answer Henry Kissinger 's old question : If you want to speak to `` Europe , '' whom do you call ?
They saw demonstrators in East European capitals and Chinese crowds in Tiananmen Square chanting for freedom , and believed that those throngs wanted to be American .
Gorbachev 's vision of European inclusion neglected centuries of Russian history ; the West did not want Russian participation .
They want full UN membership , but -- facing inevitable veto of that option by the United States in the Security Council -- are willing to accept as a fallback a majority vote by the General Assembly recognizing Palestine as a non-member `` observer state , '' the status now enjoyed by the Vatican .
That said , too many policymakers and commentators have rushed to judgment , insisting that Iran is irrevocably determined to build nuclear weapons , or that it wants a break-out capability that is just as dangerous .
The third test whether every non-military option has been explored and found wanting .
It must not cross it if it wants to preserve its own credibility , and the world 's capacity for intervention in similar conscience-shocking cases .
But our average age was over 65 , and the limits of our effectiveness were neatly described by former British Defense Minister Des Browne : `` People who used to be something really want to tackle this issue .
The third message is that if the existing nuclear powers sincerely want to prevent others from joining their club , they can not keep justifying the possession of nuclear weapons as a means of protection for themselves or their allies against other weapons of mass destruction , especially biological weapons , or conventional weapons .
Someone needs to take responsibility , and , as US politicians do n't want to blame themselves , the best available scapegoat is China 's exchange rate , which has not appreciated against the US dollar in the past 18 months .
They want high GDP growth , without worrying much about the macroeconomic consequences .
They want to borrow as much as possible to finance ambitious investment projects , without worrying much about either repayment or inflation .
The economy has been booming , income has been rising , and markets have been expanding : all this creates high potential for enterprises to grow ; all want to seize new opportunities , and every investor want to get rich fast .
The same logic can be applied to the US economy , but in the opposite way : even if the US wants to consume a lot and does not save , it may not run trade deficits if it does not invest much .
But , even with a road , you still must pay for tolls , gasoline , fleet maintenance , and other costs -- and it can still take five days to get your goods to the coast if you want to export .
This is why the government wants to intervene .
It is understandable that the Fed wants to boost demand as long as the US economy remains depressed .
Of course , America still wants to contain China and prevent it from becoming a major regional and world power .
Unless we act to step up the fight against TB , many health-care systems may find themselves facing a less abstract problem : securing the economic resources and organizational capacity to ensure treatment for the growing number of patients who want and need it .
Earlier this year , at a hearing of the US Senate 's Committee on Energy and Natural Resources , I asked Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham , whose Department oversees America 's research and development of nuclear weapons , whether the Bush administration wanted to develop new low-yield nuclear weapons .
The Falling Dollar CAMBRIDGE -- When the euro 's value reached an all-time high of $ 1.52 , Jean-Claude Trichet , the president of the European Central Bank , told the press that he was concerned about its rapid appreciation and wanted to `` underline '' the United States Treasury 's official policy of supporting a strong dollar .
With a lower total yield and increased portfolio risk , it is not surprising that investors worldwide want to sell dollars .
But when foreign investors do n't want to continue to hold dollar securities , their attempts to sell them will push down their value until the combination of reduced exposure and reduced fear of further dollar decline makes them willing to hold the outstanding stock of dollar securities .
Such complexities make it impossible to compare the impact of CO2 policies among countries , which in turn would invite those who want to protect domestic jobs to argue for higher tariff levels .
While much of that investment will flow to the US , the surplus countries want to diversify their investment of these new net export earnings . The eurozone provides the only large capital market other than the US for such investments .
Although annual GDP growth was 3 % in the first quarter of this year , almost all of it reflected inventory accumulation -- some of which , no doubt , was unwanted build-up caused by disappointing sales .
If that swung by two percentage points -- as the government and the central bank want -- to a positive 1 % inflation rate , the interest rate would also increase by about two percentage points .
American investors who sell bonds to the Fed will want to diversify the dollars that they receive from it .
In particular , since the European Central Bank has clearly rejected quantitative easing , investors will want to buy euro bonds issued by Germany and other European countries that are not in danger of default .
Chinese Prime Minister Wen Jiabao has stressed that China does not want more rapid appreciation of the renminbi , because of the potential adverse impact on Chinese exporters .
Obama wanted to continue the 2010 tax rates permanently for all taxpayers except those with annual incomes over $ 250,000 . The Republicans proposed continuing the 2010 tax rates permanently for all taxpayers .
Moreover , if the Chinese government and Chinese firms want to continue investing in overseas oil resources and in foreign businesses , China will have to sell dollar bonds or other sovereign debt from its portfolio .
If Americans ' demand for housing picks up and businesses want to increase their investment , a clash between China 's lower saving rate and a continued high fiscal deficit in the US could drive up global interest rates significantly .
As a result , the Chinese will be able to allow the renminbi to rise substantially against the dollar if they want to raise its overall global value in order to decrease China 's portfolio risk and rein in inflationary pressure .
Neither side wants any ambiguity in their message before the election , thus ruling out the possibility of any immediate changes in tax expenditures or future Social Security pensions .
While the crisis could strengthen the institutions provided by the EMU , it could also create multiple risks , of which member countries need to be aware if they want to avoid them .
Although there are technical and legal reasons why such a split would be harder for an EMU country , there seems little doubt that a country could withdraw if it really wanted to .
The Stability and Growth Pact , which limits euro-zone members ' fiscal deficits , is another reason why a country might want to leave the EMU .
Although the Stability and Growth Pact may be elastic enough to permit some deficit stimulus , a country may feel constrained from acting as aggressively as it wants .
Whatever the logic of that proposition , it would open the door to much greater income redistribution . High-income countries might find that reason enough to want out .
So there is no alternative to fiscal policy if we want to reverse the current downturn .
To be sure , an improvement in the currently dysfunctional financial system will allow banks and other financial institutions to start lending to borrowers who want to spend but can not get credit today .
Summoning Massu 's successor , General Jean Crépin , de Gaulle told him , `` The Europeans do not want the Arabs to make a choice , -LRB- but -RRB- the Muslims do not want to be Bretons .
Germany now wants to send some Tornado jets for reconnaissance purposes -- better than nothing , but not by much .
Fourth , Poland has to ask itself what kind of role it wants to play within the EU . Poland is an important country within the Union .
The US wanted to establish a democratic Iraq .
With the war in Iraq , the US also wanted to initiate a democratic transformation of the entire Middle East .
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice wants the conference to happen and has done much to push it ahead . But how much risk is Bush -- without whom a real breakthrough will be impossible -- prepared to accept ?
Solving this problem will require the internationalization of access to civilian nuclear technology , along with filling the security gap under the existing NPT and substantially more far-reaching monitoring of all states that want to be part of such a system .
And that is exactly Europe 's core problem : several members do not want more than a donkey .
Does the government just want to buy time once more , now to make it through the America 's presidential elections ?
Therefore , whoever wants cooperation with Russia -- which is in Europe 's interest -- must be strong .
Russia considers the agreements from the 1990 's unjust , based as they were on its weakness at the time , and it wants to revise them .
After all , if Russia 's government really wanted to achieve a change in the post-Soviet status quo , it should , first and foremost , pursue a policy vis-à-vis its neighbors that reduces rather than increases fears .
Institutionally , there is no way around a `` European economic government '' or `` enhanced economic coordination '' -LRB- or whatever you want to call it -RRB- , which in fact would be possible informally and thus without any treaty change .
The US wants to resolve the global crisis by providing substantially more financial help , which Europe is refusing to commit , preferring to focus on financial regulatory reform .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Nicolas Sarkozy do n't want to gamble away their own political futures .
Merkel will play the central role in deciding how Europe positions itself , not only because she is the leader of the EU 's largest economy , but also because she wants to be re-elected in September .
Obama wants a two-state solution , but , unlike Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush , he has n't postponed tackling the Israeli-Palestinian conflict until the end of his second term in office .
If Obama wants to make serious progress in this conflict , he will have to get the Netanyahu government and Hamas to negotiate .
Like all partial modernizers in authoritarian regimes , Iran 's rulers want an advanced economy , technology , and infrastructure , but not freedom , democracy or the rule of law .
But Iran 's rulers apparently do n't want to learn from history .
On the contrary , she has unflinchingly steered the CDU towards the left , because she learned three things from the CDU 's election defeat in 2002 and its narrow victory in 2005 : Germans do n't want to go to war , do n't think much of economic reform , and are mostly to the left of the CDU\/CSU .
From the German point of view , France only wants to solve its national budget and debt problems at Germany 's expense , simultaneously weakening Germany 's competitiveness .
France has no chance of meeting Germany 's stabilization objectives unless Sarkozy wants to forget about re-election .
Sarkozy also wanted , and received , increased economic coordination within the European Council .
Why even think of Bismarck if you want European amity ?
Obama must finish the first two wars within his first term -- or at least massively reduce US military operations -- for domestic-policy and budgetary reasons , if he does not want to ruin his prospects for a second term .
How can these far-reaching aims be achieved within the eurozone -LRB- together with non-eurozone EU members that want to join in -RRB- ?
Both countries together , however , must inaugurate the step towards economic union , which requires that both governments actually want that .
From the start , Obama wanted to do things differently , pursuing an active Middle East policy .
Economic aid , the opening of the EU and US markets , strategic energy projects , legal and constitutional advice , and cooperation between universities are among the resources that the West must supply if it wants to contribute to the success of the Middle East 's democratic awakening .
The situation in Libya , we are told , is too dangerous ; Germany 's government does n't want to get caught on a slippery slope and eventually have to commit ground troops in a civil war .
If Europeans want to keep the euro , we must forge ahead with political union now ; otherwise , like it or not , the euro and European integration will be undone .
Europe 's Arab interlocutors are unimpressed : they want Europe to stop talking like a Great Power and start acting like one .
Israel does not want an even-handed mediator but an unconditional supporter .
Hundreds of European scholars are circulating a petition calling for a boycott of Israeli institutions ; other academics want the EU to deny grants to Israeli universities and scientific institutions .
Yet it did not want to repeat the experience of the Zacharias Moussaoui trial , in which , after many propagandistic appeals from the dock , the alleged twentieth September 11 , 2001 , hijacker was finally convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment .
When his trial began , the prosecution tried to exclude Hamdan from the room during the testimony of a witness against him . The government wanted to protect its sources .
It does not want to prosecute the Guantánamo detainees in federal courts , but it is unlikely that it can prosecute them under the law of war as interpreted in the Hamdan decision .
Iran must persuade the world that it does not want the Bomb . ''
? More financial regulatory reform , such as coordination of any taxes or penalties that members want to apply to risk-taking banks ;
The problem may be that there are not many investors who want to take a long position on oil and Nigerian credit risk simultaneously .
Libya 's newfound engagement with the US and the EU represents not only a major shift in its international policies and diplomatic posture , but also a major internal reorientation , because the country now wants to develop an economy that is not exclusively based on oil .
Given that Islamic fundamentalism breeds in economic despair , Libya 's rulers seem to want to take particular care that this process does not create an underclass of victims who might fall prey to the call of religious fanatics .
But Gaddafi now seems to want to reconcile his teachings and rule with a more open economy , including foreign direct investment and market-based competition .
It wants , in particular , to ensure that the people and tribes in its Eastern `` Cyrenaica '' territories centered in Benghazi have a chance to develop equally with the rest of the country .
There is nothing wrong with wanting heroes in science , but we should understand the criteria used to select those whom we are asked to revere .
Indeed , some now view Sarkozy as a traditional Gaullist who wants to help French producers by artificially devaluing the euro .
The History at the End of History Fifteen years ago in my book The End of History and the Last Man I argued that , if a society wanted to be modern , there was no alternative to a market economy and a democratic political system .
Not everyone wanted to be modern , of course , and not everyone could put in place the institutions and policies necessary to make democracy and capitalism work , but no alternative system would yield better results .
Democratic transitions need to be driven by societies that want democracy , and since the latter requires institutions , it is usually a fairly long and drawn out process .
The IRGC may have wanted some bargaining chips to help spring of its members captured in Iraq .
Those pulling the IRGC 's chain are themselves committed to a revolutionary agenda , and doubtless want a nuclear weapon as badly as the Pasdaran commanders .
One of the alleged reasons Khamenei did n't want Rafsanjani as president was because he was not keen enough on the nuclear program .
The Iranian regime is not , however , a totalitarian juggernaut ; there are important splits within the leadership and there is an important faction that does not want Iran to be isolated .
It is important to remember : those who were responsible for taking the British Marines captive wanted an escalation of the confrontation , both to improve their domestic standing , and to punch back for sanctions that were beginning to bite .
Thus , social scientists made the everyday lives of ordinary people respectable , while refusing to privilege certain animals over certain - typically disabled or unwanted - humans .
Obviously , Myanmar 's new government does not want to aggravate sentiment in its already-unstable border areas , where rebel groups were using the dam project to rally new supporters .
I want Russia to be a boring country -- at least for the next few decades .
I understand the reality of the fascist threat , but I also understand what the government wants us to take from it .
What matters are the actions of those who do n't want fascism in Russia and instead simply want Russia to be free .
The good news , then , is that there are far fewer people who seriously want to see a fascist regime in Russia than the government claims .
We have not lost our loving kindness towards ordinary soldiers , nor even towards the leaders who ordered them to brutalize their own people , but we wanted to urge them to change while there was still time .
We want to tell the people who are violent towards their own countrymen to stop and think whether their actions are in accordance with the dharma , whether they are acting for the good of Burma 's people .
That is what the junta wants the world to think .
Even in Europe , where Catalonia and the Basque region push for secession from Spain , some in Flanders want an end to Belgium , and Scotland 's ruling Scottish National Party wants eventually to break away from Britain , support for Kosovo 's independence is far from universal .
EU leaders should talk about the European idea and the European spirit in a way that encourages Europe 's citizens to think about how they came together , why they are staying together , and what they want to do together .
The creation of that body was an important step , because it introduced a set of criteria that must be fulfilled by countries that want to call themselves democratic .
But many are not happy : the far left -- not very strong these days but with an important political tradition -- wants more and faster progress on prosecutions , while the recalcitrant right insists on treating Pinochet -LRB- who died in 2006 -RRB- as a national hero .
As one young Arab told me when describing his homeland : `` The country never invests in the young , we have no place , we are not wanted .
Above all , Syria wants to bypass Washington 's reform agenda and preserve the domestic status quo .
But if Bashir Assad wants Syria to avoid sinking deeper into poverty and irrelevance , he must undertake political , cultural , and economic liberalization .
Saying No to Medical Technology As is recommended for all patients , DeBakey had an advance directive : he had stated , while in good health , what approach to medical care he would want if he became ill and unable to speak for himself .
He specifically indicated that he would not want to undergo major surgery .
What has largely been left out of the discussion is whether it is ever appropriate to perform invasive , dangerous , and expensive surgery on 97-year-olds -- even if they want it .
Generals everywhere are mocked for wanting to fight new wars the same way they fought the last one .
Both the Foreign and Defense Ministries wanted a drawn-out fight over America 's withdrawal from the ABM Treaty and NATO enlargement .
They were mightily disappointed when Putin stated that he did not want any `` hysteria '' over these issues .
Now the Kremlin wants to merge the FSB and MVD into one Ministry of State Security , thereby creating a single anti-terrorist center .
Bakiyev seems to have said : so , you are worried about the American military presence in Central Asia , and you want to confront it .
Today , with the terrorist attacks along the roads and the insecurity , and tomorrow , with the establishment of a Palestinian state , these settlers will probably want to return to live within Israel 's borders .
Like scientists , they prefer to work with huge amounts of data , which is why the US government wants a record of every call and financial transaction made by every inhabitant of the country .
Fed up with apocalyptic predictions , people wanted a miracle in Copenhagen .
In 1985 during the height of the Cold War , when negotiations were bogged down at the US -- Soviet Union Geneva Summit , the negotiators were instructed by their leaders annoyed by lack of progress , `` we do not want your explanations why this ca n't be done .
Just do it ! '' And it was done by the morning . Today 's leaders must come to Copenhagen and say , `` We want this done ! ''
But do you want your home to be cheap , dirty , and dangerous or clean , decent , and safe ?
That is not the type of legacy that any of us would want to leave our children .
Their thinking is at the forefront of a widening recognition that France must face the world 's challenges as they really are , not as the French want them to be .
With the costs of ousting Saddam Hussein and occupying Iraq likely to run at anywhere from $ 100 to $ 600 billion over the next decade , the US will want to `` internationalize '' Iraq 's reconstruction .
There is only one problem : Chinese people do not seem to want to consume , at least according to commonly cited data .
This has confronted the Europeans with a quandary : if they do not agree to give up some seats on the IMF board , some emerging countries , such as Argentina , Brazil , and perhaps even India , would lose theirs . The EU does not want to be held responsible for this .
Officials want to be reassuring .
To return to the cinema analogy : investors know that the exit is not large enough to allow them all to squeeze through at the same time . So each one want to be among the first to get out .
With popular resistance to paying for profligate southern Europeans rising in Germany and Holland , governments there might be forced to ask their people whether they want to pay the huge costs implied by their commitments to bail out eurozone members that are unwilling or unable to pay .
They want much wider latitude to intervene .
Even when he could scarcely breathe with the help of an automatic respirator , Argentines wanted him to assume his role in their dark ritual : `` Show us a good time , bring our hearts some fun . ''
Like the Clintons , the Kirchners knew from early on in their marriage that they wanted to reach the top , and the best way to do it , they concluded , was together .
Néstor Kirchner , Cristina 's husband and Argentina 's current president , did not want to run for office again , despite being legally permitted to do so and voters ' preference for him over her .
If Cristina wants to improve institutional quality and the problems that the economy is already showing , she will need more than strength . Above all , she will need fresh sources of ideas .
Although the last two options might be difficult to merge -- Mexico might not want the competition of such a large player as Brazil -- they are not mutually exclusive .
The question now is what kind of leader she will want to be in today 's more difficult domestic and international context .
And , while building a system that would do whatever the government wanted , he began a struggle against critical journalism that continues under his wife .
Sarkozy has said that he wants to focus the French EU presidency on promoting measures to deal with climate change , reviewing European migration policy , and re-energizing the ESDP , in line with France 's decision to return to NATO .
At the same time , jobs mobility should replace unwanted migration .
The Americans want full EU membership for Turkey -- a longstanding NATO member and close American ally -- while Europeans complain about the Turkish military 's domestic political role .
Their silence on Iraq reflected their apprehension about unwanted alternatives : either support the US plan and risk encouraging Kurdish moves toward an independent state , or oppose the Americans and jeopardize a critical strategic relationship .
If rich countries -- in particular , the United States , the 25 members of the EU , and Japan -- really want to help poor people , they will open their markets to what poor countries produce , especially textiles , apparel , agricultural products , and commodities .
For 350 years , sovereignty -- the notion that states are the central actors on the world stage and that governments are essentially free to do what they want within their own territory but not within the territory of other states -- has provided the organizing principle of international relations .
When they are willing and able to do so , the UN can make a difference ; when they are not , the UN can act in only the most limited way , if at all , regardless of what the Secretary General wants .
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas may want to sign a peace accord with Israel , but there is little evidence that he is in a position to do so .
There is growing opposition to illegal entry , but no consensus about what to do about those who have been in the country illegally for years or those who want to come to the US in the future .
But snubbing China is misguided . It ignores what the country has accomplished , and it risks consequences that are inconsistent with what the critics themselves want to see .
Outsiders can and should make their views known , but mostly in private and without saying and doing things likely to stimulate the very nationalism we want to discourage .
The Olympics are a venue in which individuals and countries compete , but in conformity with a set of rules . This is exactly what we want from China in the twenty-first century .
And since Obama will want to meet some of those expectations , other countries had better be prepared for American requests -- and pressure -- that they act with the US rather than act against it or sit on their hands .
Those who want to master the challenge of climate change now will reject such realism .
It wants to maintain preferred access to Iran 's energy resources , but if conflict results from Iran 's nuclear aspirations , China will be paying much more for those resources .
It wants to help set the rules and build the institutions for enforcing them .
The Obama administration may want to reconsider its commitment to leave and , instead , negotiate a new accord -LRB- one that would allow as many as 20,000 US troops to stay in Iraq for years to come -RRB- if and when a new Iraqi government emerges .
President Barack Obama has the authority to take some small steps on his own to normalize ties , but substantial change to US policy requires Congress to act -- and Congress wants to see fundamental change in Cuba before it does so .
-LRB- Republicans , however will argue for putting less pressure on Israel to compromise and more pressure on Iran . -RRB- But he can expect considerable backing from Republicans if he wants to maintain a sizeable US military presence in Afghanistan beyond this July , or a modest military presence in Iraq beyond the end of 2011 .
We want to do better .
The establishment of a Palestinian state will not be enough for those terrorists who want to see the elimination of the Jewish state , any more than reaching a compromise over Kashmir will satisfy those Pakistan-based terrorists with bigger agendas vis-à-vis India .
Of course , we want to continue to find ways to make ourselves less vulnerable and terrorists more so .
Tons of food gets plowed under the ground because there 's so much of it farmers ca n't get the prices they want .
China does not want its large current-account surplus to cause the currency to overshoot on the upside , and it may now want to slow the renminbi 's appreciation because of concern about the global economic slowdown .
China wants to shift from low value-added , labor-intensive industries such as textiles to higher value-added sectors such as electronics and capital goods .
But it does not want to generate high levels of unemployment as this transition occurs .
That is a nice idea , but it is half-baked : it fails to specify which taxpayers should be on the hook if something goes wrong and savers want their money back , as with the Icelandic banks in the United Kingdom , the Netherlands , or even Switzerland .
This is the system that the Commission wants to prescribe for the whole Union , while banning all SEPA-incompatible products .
Perhaps most worrying of all , if the stalemate over Cyprus continues , it could end Turkey 's chances of joining the EU , as Greek Cypriot intransigence has given succor to other member states that want to keep Turkey out .
He and the Pakistani army delivered many of the Al Qaeda members most wanted by the US -- Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Egyptians , Yemenis , Saudis , and so on .
If we really want it , if we all are prepared to express the desire to preserve community and identity by taking part in elections and by making the right choices , an open international environment and the advanced democratic cultures of our neighbors , friends and allies constitutes the best ground for advancing a people 's uniqueness .
If we do not want to be overrun by anonymous forces , the principles of freedom , equality and solidarity - the foundation of stability and prosperity in Western democracies - must start working globally .
Confronted suddenly with many options every day , one starts to feel a headache , and sometimes unconsciously wants to return to prison .
But it 's a community that is good to belong to -- provided that people want it and that it makes historical sense for them .
I wanted to draw the international community 's attention to the human-rights situation in Cuba , to support that country 's opposition , and to encourage all pro-democratic forces .
The suffering and wanton destruction of people 's lives , the despair and absence of human dignity in this region have gone on for too long .
Liu 's harsh prison sentence was meant as an exemplary measure , a stern warning to all other Chinese who might want to follow his path .
These charges need to be investigated if President Medvedev 's claims to want a society based on the rule of law are not to ring hollow .
In addition , ordinary Saudis see the chaos next door in Iraq and do not want the same turmoil at home .
In reality , the Kingdom 's response is centered , as its foreign and domestic policy has long been , on `` stability . '' The Saudis do n't want anti-Saudi forces , including such enemies as Iran and Al Qaeda , to increase their influence in the Middle East .
Some participants from the developing countries wanted poverty to be declared a proscribed basis of discrimination , while others argued that poverty is far too vague a concept to be the subject of legal rights and duties .
And the trade unions , whose power he has done so much to reduce , have been open in saying that they want a new party leader .
If the British unions wanted to be ethically consistent , they should apply the same strategies to universities in the numerous countries where human rights are brutally abused and free speech suppressed .
Now Milosevic wanted to bring the two men back into the discussions , probably to take some of the pressure off of himself .
So what is to be done , assuming the US wants to retaliate without destabilizing its regional allies ?
One recalls that two years ago , highly placed members of the Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission wanted to play atheir role in the jihad against America .
Clerics realize that the government wants to play ball .
Countries that want to integrate further can do so .
I do n't want to reach the destination that some of our partners may aspire to . But I do n't want to block their way .
But NATO is also acting because some European countries want to show Washington that they can pull their security weight even though they refuse to go near the war in Iraq .
All NATO allies and EU members want the US to remain committed to Europe 's future , to take the lead elsewhere in meeting security needs on which all agree , and to admit Europe into its strategic confidence .
None wanted me to use their names .
When local elders and delegates wanted to assemble in Mogadishu for a reconciliation conference , security conditions forced them to postpone the conference for several months -LRB- though when they did meet , in big numbers and for a long time , they achieved no breakthrough -RRB- .
These parties understand the social transformations underway in the Middle East that are leading toward democracy , and they want to take part .
Given the importance of energy in our lives , it is understandable that many EU countries want to shield their companies from competition , and so oppose liberalizing the energy market .
The American administration was absolutely right to resist the call to turn Iraq over to a caudillo , as some wanted .
Europeans now have a regional monetary fund , which Asians wanted but could not have .
If Obama wants to encourage moderate and democratic politics in South America , and to bolster Brazil 's efforts to foster stability and economic progress against the region 's radical and undemocratic forces , it must take greater care in not appearing to undermine those the US claims to support .
America wants to conclude as many free-trade agreements in the region as it can , while Brazil favors expanding its custom union , Mercosul\/Mercosur .
He said , `` If you want to be accepted as equals by Gadje -LRB- non-Roma -RRB- , you must be better educated than they are .
The Americans now realize that I ended up here by mistake and have told me that they want to let me go .
After all , the same Chinese leaders who reject Liu 's calls for political reform argue that what Chinese citizens really want are not `` Western-style '' rights , but basic necessities -- clean water , economic opportunities , safe food -- that allow their families to prosper , and which China 's own homegrown political system can adequately protect .
Zhao 's allies are not out to `` humiliate China . '' Rather , like those around the world who believe China deserves credit for its impressive achievements -- indeed , like Liu Xiaobo himself -- they want their country to develop governing institutions befitting its growing economic stature .
But even this may not be enough , because each legal reform is answered by entrepreneurial ingenuity on the part of those who want to circumvent the new restraints .
This is the historical analogy drawn by those who want governments to do more , particularly banks that feel vulnerable and desperately need a public bailout .
You simply got everything you wanted -LRB- and probably much more -RRB- with the purchase of a computer .
President Franklin Roosevelt had originally wanted to control American business by setting price levels , but when the US Supreme Court rejected this approach , his administration started to use competition policy to challenge the positions of market-dominant companies .
Few of today 's new `` Marxists '' want to spell out the attractions of a man who wanted to unite German philosophy -LRB- building on Hegel -RRB- with British political economy -LRB- carrying on from David Ricardo -RRB- , and thereby turn two rather conservative traditions into a theory of radical revolution .
The German delegation was led by Alfred Hugenberg , who was not a Nazi but wanted to show that he was an even more implacable nationalist than Hitler himself .
The US wants the world to embark on macroeconomic stimulus programs , and thinks that the complicated task of reinventing and reordering financial supervision and regulation can wait .
Many European countries can not afford a stimulus package , owing to overstretched public finances , and instead want to make progress on the international regulation of banking .
But they also wanted banks to direct more resources to financing domestic investments and industry .
In an economic downturn , that is the last thing that businesses need or want .
The Germans pressed for clearly defined fiscal rules , but other countries wanted more wiggle room .
It would be attractive not simply because the People 's Bank of China and other major Chinese institutions have massive overseas assets , but because China produces goods that the world 's consumers continue to want .
We do not want to see another heart attack -- or another financial crisis .
When anyone wants an example of how effective a Keynesian counter-cyclical strategy can be , internationally as well as domestically , they need look no further than China 's four-trillion-renminbi stimulus of 2008-2009 .
The recommendation , which contains a long section trying to show that Japan 's 1987 and 1988 experience was not damaging , will be read in China simply as a statement that the US wants China to follow Japan in committing what amounts to economic hara-kiri .
Andrew Mellon , the United States Treasury Secretary at the time , talked about liquidating workers , farmers , stocks , and real estate in order `` to purge the rottenness out of the system . '' In Britain back then , Philip Snowden , a small man with a narrow , pinched face , who needed a cane to walk , seemed to want to remake the British economy in his physical image .
That may have been plausible , but the two banks also wanted to demonstrate publicly that they had better balance sheets than their weaker rivals .
In the 1990 's , it looked as if the rest of the world wanted to do business the American way , with active capital markets and company bosses responding to shareholder interests .
In Germany , the Mohn family dismissed the lead manager of Bertelsmann , Thomas Middelhoff , who wanted to turn a family company into an almost denationalized enterprise .
Enron aimed at getting a dominant position as the premier energy trader . Parmalat wanted to do the same for the long-life milk market .
The family firm has a vastly different logic , and often does not want to become too big .
There is also a suspicion that dirty capitalist pigs want to profit from the sale of opiate substitutes , regardless of whether they work .
In the Ixtoc case , using such methods , Pemex -LRB- wanting to keep the loss figure low -RRB- estimated the spill to amount to a little under a half-million tons .
There are hopeful signs : more than 160 countries have signed the World Health Organization 's global tobacco control treaty , and the Caribbean heads of state have recently declared they want to tackle tobacco together .
Japan is not only one of China 's largest trade and investment partners , it is also the most powerful neighbor with which China wants to be on good terms , partly to showcase that China 's rise is not a threat to Asia and the rest of the world .
China will want to flex its muscles and proclaim to the world that the Party has delivered the goods to its people , while making the country strong and prosperous .
These deficits facilitate the surpluses that emerging markets such as China want to run -- the world 's current accounts add up to zero , so if one large set of countries wants to run a surplus , someone big needs to run a deficit .
Instability from Rigidity Everyone wants economic stability , and many are reluctant to abandon today what gave them stability yesterday .
If a considerable fraction of the world economy wants to run a current-account surplus -LRB- by 2006 , this included much of emerging Asia , most oil exporters , and Japan -RRB- , an equal share of the world economy must run a deficit .
The House and Senate Republicans who do not want to raise the debt ceiling are playing with fire .
They are advocating a policy that would have dire effects , and that would accomplish the opposite of what they claim to want , because a default would immediately make the government more , not less , important .
This is partly because German Chancellor Angela Merkel , currently maneuvering to ensure that a German is the next head of the ECB , does not want the Fund to become more involved in euro-zone policies .
So , when the Bush administration wanted to oppose Iran 's program , merely pointing to the bare fact of enrichment was n't enough .
I felt a prodigious , restless energy that I suspected he could not turn off if he wanted to . Soon after I began to recount my observations , he took me to a map of Vietnam and asked me to locate the areas of destruction .
Now he wanted to dispense with it .
As US President Barack Obama ponders what to do about the war , who wants to repeat a point that 's been made thousands of times ?
Urged by Senator Mike Mansfield to withdraw from Vietnam , he replied that he did not want another `` China in Vietnam . ''
But this aspiration grossly misread both the present and the inherited historical reality , for Pakistan also wanted to be a legatee of British India -- a confused desire that made Pakistan more vulnerable to becoming a `` rented state '' than when it was part of either the Mughal or British Empire .
Brazil wants to prove that it deserves a permanent seat on the Security Council .
And Iran simply wants to show once again that it will not kowtow to the `` Great Satan . ''
And those who , like the psychopathic Alex , need the most help are probably those who would want it least .
Will we want to take them if they ever become available ?
If the EU and the US want democratic India to act according to its stated moral values and not its vital national interests when these appear to conflict , they had better be prepared to do the same .
Based on his previous experience as cabinet secretary , Abe wants to create and operate a Japanese version of America 's National Security Council .
But do Russians really want to tickle their vanity at the expense of the long-term interests of our economically devastated country ?
If Russia and the other countries that opposed America 's Iraq policy in the Security Council really wanted to convince the US not to attack Iraq and to defend international law , it was a naive policy doomed to failure .
At a time when rich countries like the United States are running deficits of 12 % of GDP because of the global financial meltdown , the IMF has been telling countries like Latvia and Ukraine , which did not start the crisis but have turned to the Fund to help combat it , that they must balance their budgets if they want aid .
The one option that should not be on the table is US ground troops ; no one wants to see US forces bogged down in another war , especially in another Muslim country .
They also want a more liberal social environment that would loosen restrictions on their dress , broaden access to cultural products like film and music , and enlarge press freedoms .
They want university campuses , in particular , to be more open .
They want Iran to succeed -- and to be recognized for its success -- in sports , arts , and education at an international level .
Each claims to be acting with the Supreme Leader 's full authority , but ultimately are unable to make commitments because they have little idea of what Khamenei wants to do .
While Ahmedinejad 's apocalyptic vision makes it difficult for westerners to deal with him , Khamenei does not want to stumble into a military confrontation with the West , which would destabilize Iran and possibly lead to the regime 's downfall .
Hossein Saffar Harandi , a former minister of culture and Islamic guidance , expressed this fear when he said that `` citizens who want the government to be accountable before the people -LRB- are -RRB- part of a soft war against the Islamic Republic . ''
In this sense , the Iranian people can be regarded as a strategic ally of the West , not only because they want democracy at home and peace in the region , but because their continued protests offer the West the most effective leverage against the Islamic Republic 's nuclear program .
They want the Supreme Leader to allow the president to issue warnings to both the parliament and the judiciary if he thinks they have overstepped their authority , thereby subordinating the Larijani brothers .
As a result , Ahmadinejad , in a further ironic twist , is seeking to glorify Iran 's pre-Islamic history in order to stir nationalist sentiment in his favor and accomplish what he is sure that Khamenei does not want : greater openness to the West , particularly to the US .
Ahmadinejad is well aware that if he succeeds in portraying himself as someone who -- in opposition to the Supreme Leader 's will -- wants to solve major issues between Iran and the US , that could partly compensate for his economic failures and gain him some new supporters .
At the end of a day digging coal , teaching children , or waiting tables , Russians now want reasonable services , a logical tax system , and regular paychecks .
Both street demonstrators and parliament want him removed .
But he knows something that they do n't seem to recognize : Russia 's people endorse his policies and do not want them overturned .
They still revere their country , of course , and want the world to respect it .
For a while in postcommunist Russia , the answers were blindingly clear : parties were divided between those nostalgic for Soviet times and those who wanted reform .
The Russian public , habituated to authoritarianism , wants Russia 's rulers to be firm .
Like most Russians , he wanted the material advantages of capitalism , but had little respect or understanding for the rule of law and dispersion of power , which makes capitalist institutions work .
He favors a free economy , but wants the state to control how wealth is allocated and who benefits from it .
But if Putin , who has spent seven years `` verticalizing '' power in order to restore the stability and pride lost during Yeltsin 's `` democratization '' of Russia , really wanted to secure the good of his country , he would follow in Yeltsin 's footsteps and exit the scene .
After September 11 , 2001 , many New Yorkers wanted the city 's then Mayor Rudy Giuliani to remain in office .
In the sadly immortal words of Victor Chernomyrdin , Russia 's prime minister during the Yeltsin era , `` We wanted for the better , but it turned out to be like always . ''
Indeed , they may well have wondered if the cunning ex-KGB men around Putin simply wanted to make Kaczynski 's Katyn commemoration a mockery ?
MOSCOW -- In a recent interview , Russia 's President Dmitri Medvedev proclaimed that he wants a second term in office following the 2012 election , but that he would not run against Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , who put him in power in the first place .
A democratic Russia would want to catch up with the West and integrate into Western institutions .
What they want is to prevent the integration with the West of Russia itself , for that would mean the end of their regime .
If Western bankers and investors want to buy snake oil , that is their business . But no one should leave such events thinking that anything Medvedev says means that Russia is changing .
When the news broke -- together with the lesser news that the incumbent , Dmitri Medvedev , will step down to become Putin 's prime minister -- I wanted to scream , I told you so .
More personally , I wanted to see for myself the divide that for too long had kept Greek Cypriots and Turkish Cypriots apart .
Some want negotiations on nuclear disarmament ; others want to ban the production of fissile material for weapon purposes ; and still others insist that such a treaty should also cover existing stocks .
Some want a treaty on security guarantees for non-nuclear-weapon states to assure them against the threat or use of nuclear weapons ; others want a treaty to prevent an arms race in outer space .
Both want peace . A negotiated settlement can produce these outcomes , and the UN is a platform for forging such a peace .
But such services must not shy away from promoting and providing modern contraceptive methods to avoid unwanted pregnancies .
For adolescent girls , early marriage or an unwanted pregnancy typically curtails schooling .
But China has another motive for tightening the noose on rare-earth exports : it wants to force high-tech firms to operate in China , so that local companies can absorb their technologies .
Deng wanted to punish the Vietnamese for their own invasion of Cambodia , which ended the genocidal rule of China 's allies , the Khmer Rouge .
Like Iran , however , Kim wants to have his cake and eat it : eventual acceptance as a nuclear power and all the economic enticements from the US , Europe , Russia , and China to de-nuclearize .
But China , which fears a collapse of the North Korean regime above all , does not want to antagonize Kim .
America 's friends and allies need to think hard about what sort of regional order they want , and they must begin to collaborate in order to breathe life into a structure of peace within which all of Asia can prosper and feel secure .
In Afghanistan , their long-term interests are essentially in harmony , as none -- including China -- wants to see Afghanistan become a haven for terrorism once again .
It now appears that he wants to backtrack on his promise , but massive protests are inhibiting him from doing so .
Yet , despite this , it is hard to escape the conclusion that the EU 's role in Pakistan bears all the hallmarks of the pre-Maastricht polity that it no longer wants to be : technocratic , apolitical , and marginalized by the United States .
To many Middle East states , what China wants is now just as important as US interests .
But if we want to be partners in the development of modern defensive systems , we must negotiate in good faith , not bargain hard just to walk away in a pre-planned way at the end .
Russia is ready and willing to confront Europe and the West , but it can not afford and does not want to turn its back on Europe .
This , at least , is how the European Commission wants to see the Balkans , and how the region wants to present itself .
Now , one has to ask if Macedonians should want that outcome , given the wasteful and complicated way in which Belgium functions today .
Barescu plans to align Romania with Anglo Saxon liberal economic policies , and wants a special relationship with Great Britain and the United States to improve security in the Black Sea region .
Even those with close historical ties to France , like Romania , are standing up to France , because Chirac and his colleagues do not offer them the type of `` European reflex '' they want and need .
The prospect of a re-energized Franco-German axis is why the Dutch -- who are traditionally pro-European but do not want a Europe that marginalizes small countries -- might vote No in their referendum -LRB- which follows shortly upon France 's -RRB- if the French vote Yes .
More recently , Chirac 's foreign minister , Michel Barnier , chastised the Romanian President Traian Barescu for lacking a `` European reflex , '' because Barescu plans to align Romania with Anglo-Saxon liberal economic policies , and wants a special relationship with the US and UK to improve security in the Black Sea region .
Perhaps Maroni wants to go back to the lira so that Italy can de-value it .
Prospective French presidential candidate Nicolas Sarkozy wants the ECB to promote economic growth , not just price stability .
Some in France -- and not just the left -- want to change this .
France would be off the reform hook , of course , but at the expense of Germany , which would face unwanted inflationary pressures .
Now , because of a war it wanted no part of , Europe finds its security undermined .
They will want to protect all social spending , regardless of the consequences for foreign policy .
For reasons that are unclear , Trichet , in contrast to the ECB 's first president , Wim Duisenberg , has wanted to raise rates by only 25 basis points at a time .
Many in the Governing Council wanted to go faster , because they knew they had a long journey in front of them , but Trichet refused .
The ECB will have to cut interest rates in 2008 if it wants to avoid a hard landing for the euro-zone economy .
In the final analysis , cutting costs is all the Europeans can do if they want to preserve the competitiveness of their exports .
Is a forced bankruptcy in extremely fragile global financial markets what the French government wanted for Société Générale ?
Critics who want a more activist , growth-oriented monetary policy have tried -- albeit unsuccessfully -- to soften up the 68-year-old Dutchman with personal attacks and degrading insults .
But do politicians really want people to participate ?
In Poland the liberals who were the brains-trust of Solidarity wanted , at first , weak government but realized the impossibility of this .
Given the history , it is no surprise that Poles do not want to sell to Germans , and luckily few Germans are interested .
But there is interest in the Netherlands , and some Poles bizarrely suspect the Dutch of wanting to take over the country .
Fear of speculators , of people who want to sell Poland piece-by-piece , are rampant .
Poles , who lost nearly all their patriotic ideas over the past decade , now seem poised to rediscover their national identity solely on a negative basis forged by our peasants . The European Union wants to steal -LRB- or buy for nothing -RRB- our land , they say . We Poles must fight them .
But if you want a Pope who is for abortion , then you want a different Church .
Much as Serbia still considers Kosovo to be one of its provinces , key parts of the international community have invested too much financial and political capital in Kosovo to want to reopen the question of its political status .
The EU wants to avoid another Cyprus , where a candidate country partly occupies a member country .
Local Serbs fear that the government in Pri¨tina simply wants to impose its will on Serb-majority areas rather than engaging with them as Kosovo citizens equal under the law .
The Kaczynskis want to destroy the `` corrupt system composed of careerist politicians , post-communists , former secret service functionaries , and criminal organizations , '' who , according to the twins , have ruled Poland since 1989 .
Most Poles did not vote for the Kaczynskis and still do not want to follow them .
The World Bank wants to learn from these donors , catalyze deeper cooperation , and build a stronger and deeper multilateral system .
But protesters in Cairo , Tunis , and Sana want much more .
Initially , the five-year interim agreement called for the election of a Palestinian Legislative Council and an executive leader whom the Israelis wanted to call a `` chairman , '' spurning the word `` president . ''
Palestinians want the areas occupied by Israel following the June 1967 War to be the territory of the Palestinian state .
Palestinians and Israelis have publicly said that they do not want a wall separating West and East Jerusalem .
Neither side , nor the rest of the world , wants that .
The Israelis want talks without conditions , even though Netanyahu has imposed his own condition on the Palestinians : recognition of Israel as a Jewish state , and acceptance of a demilitarized Palestinian state that does not include Jerusalem and the Jordan valley .
They just want peace .
Meanwhile , the Israeli government wants to continue building settlements in occupied areas , in total violation of international law and the minimum requirements for peace detailed in the `` roadmap '' sponsored by the Quartet -LRB- the US , UN , European Union , and Russia -RRB- .
Withdrawal by the US from the current push to restart negotiations would send a clear message that bad behavior will not be tolerated , and would encourage Israelis , who overwhelmingly want peace , to force a change in their own government 's position .
Public-opinion polls have consistently shown that the majority of Israelis and Palestinians want peace -LRB- not a peace process -RRB- based on a two-state solution .
All that what was wanted from America , most of the young people thought , was withdrawal of its support for allies like Hosni Mubarak and other Arab dictators .
After all , anyone who wants to be re-elected must give priority to the needs of their own people and not necessarily to the demands of the international community .
What is clear is that Hamas and the Palestinians want an end to the 38-year Israeli occupation , and that selling Palestinians the same plans that were sold to the PLO will not work .
The political moralist wants to `` hammer out morality '' in keeping with the requirements of politics construed as a cynical game . It is a label that easily applies to all the types of dishonest politicians described above .
These principles are clearly what people in the developed world want to see enforced .
People there want to see an end to the safe havens that allow corrupt officials to steal public money and stash it abroad .
These are mere words , for in mind and action Putin does not want anyone to rule Ukraine that he has not put in place .
It knew that the rest of Russia 's colonies -- the so-called `` Soviet republics '' -- would want to follow the ungrateful Baltic countries into freedom .
Some Russian officials want to unveil a monument Stalin to crown the festivities .
Like Russia , China wants a reduction of the US military presence in Central Asia .
Simply saying , `` because the Americans want it '' will not be enough .
President Rafael Correa of Ecuador looks like he also wants to move in the same direction .
The transport workers wanted a pay increase , following a multi-year wage freeze , while other workers want higher salaries to compensate for inflation , which is higher in Bolivia than the Latin American average , while economic growth is lower .
Indeed , to continue to fail the world 's at-risk children is to deliver a verdict of wanton inhumanity against ourselves , for we are a knowing party to an entirely preventable mass destruction of human life .
In addition , there is rising mistrust of politicians who can not fulfill promises to halt immigration , accompanied by perceptions of immigrants as law-breakers rather than enterprising people , and mistreatment of refugees aimed at deterring people who want to work from applying for asylum .
Nor does it undercut wages , since most Europeans do not want these jobs .
Policymakers who want products and providers of high-skilled services to move freely but people who provide less-skilled services to stay put are not just hypocrites ; they are also economically illiterate .
Millions of Europeans want EU governments to lower their barriers to developing countries ' exports , cancel Third World debt , and increase foreign aid .
Europeans consumers ' growing awareness of their rights and farmers ' increasing fear of dependence on multinational companies are symptoms of a deeper concern about values and priorities : the type of environment we want , the role of biodiversity , our tolerance for risk , and the price we are prepared to pay for regulation .
On the other hand , Moscow 's elite -- who fear that their assets may be expropriated by a future government -- wants to avoid international pariah status so that they can see out their sun-set years in the safety of the West if the need arises .
A quotation on his foundation 's website reads `` When I was sick , I did n't want to die .
When I race I do n't want to lose .
After all , we all want to think that hard work always pays off .
But while the government wants to move beyond low-skilled mining into higher-value processing , De Beers has balked , because it already has well established , cost-effective cutting operations abroad .
Enter Smicor , a subsidiary of Israel 's Leviev group that currently produces only a small proportion of the country 's diamond output but wants more exploration licenses .
Poor traders like Rosalia want real shops , and for some , Namibia Beverages , the local bottling operation of Coca-Cola , is answering the call with sturdy iron cabins that are spacious , portable , and easily secured .
And , although Hu can barely hide his mediocrity , the bureaucrats are unconcerned . After all , they do n't want someone controlling them who is both able and serious .
Who loved this woman and why did he want everyone to know of his passion ?
Rumors had it that one of Russia 's richest men wanted to impress his sweetheart .
Russia 's people wanted to make a difference and amazingly they did : their energy and cohesion put an end to Communist rule .
Indeed , Russia is increasingly attaching ever greater significance to its relations with China , something of a strategic shift in foreign policy , even if it is not yet clear how close Russia wants to be get to China .
The revolution 's veterans refuse to discuss their arrogant presumption of `` natural Redness , '' or to mention that they rebelled because they wanted power .
Colombia , whose alliance with the US precedes President Álvaro Uribe , wants to maintain US support at its current levels , and Mexico now must make combating drug trafficking and illegal immigration priorities , in accordance with US policy .
The civilian group that was ousted wanted to adapt the `` Chinese model '' of gradual economic reforms initiated by the Party .
The survey also showed that although China 's government ruled out universal suffrage in the 2007 and 2008 elections , over 40 % of respondents still wanted democracy by then , with nearly 20 % more wanting it by the next round of elections in 2011 and 2012 .
Hong Kong 's leaders to do not want to end up on that infamous list .
We do get to choose which future we want .
Given scarce resources , we must ask ourselves : do we want to do a lot of good now , or a little good much later ?
Nobody , it seemed , wanted to spoil the party by pointing that the event was immensely futile , that it highlighted a horrible metaphor , or that it caused much higher overall pollution .
And , if we really wanted to benefit the world , ¤ 2 billion could halve the number of malaria infections , saving 850 million lives this century .
And if we can not trust our models , we can not know what policy action to take if we want to make a difference .
It is rather obvious that if you invest massively in inefficient solar panels , most of your money will go to buy the physical panels , whereas only a very small part will go to R&D . If you want more R&D , you should spend your money directly on R&D . This could tackle global warming in the longer run .
Moreover , if we really want to tackle global warming , we should n't spend vast sums of money buying inefficient green technology -- we should invest directly in R&D to make future green technology competitive .
Obama went on to say why he wants to prioritize global warming policies : `` The science is beyond dispute and the facts are clear .
Obama is in Kenya and wants to go on a safari .
The police reportedly told the crowd that they did n't want to arrest anybody who did n't want to be arrested , and nobody was .
There are many interested parties . No group wants their solution to come last , and no government wants its country 's national challenges to be overlooked .
Fortunately , we have a much better option , with a much better chance of success : we should make low-carbon energy sources like solar power become a real , competitive alternative to old energy sources , instead of the preserve of rich people who want to feel `` greener . ''
Gore and Hansen want a moratorium on coal-fired power plants , but neglect the fact that the hundreds of new power plants that will be opened in China and India in the coming years could lift a billion people out of poverty .
But I would never want to shut down discussion about these issues -- whether it is with Gore , Hansen , or Krugman .
Everybody wants to prevent global warming , and the real question is : How can we do that best ?
Using more air-conditioning to cool our houses in summer will do the same -- although this is vital if we want to save lives .
If we want real action , we need to pick smarter solutions that will cost less and do more .
There is an understandable desire to want to cut through the verbiage and shake people by the shoulders .
The EU and NATO are unable to expand farther , even though they may want to maintain post-Soviet countries ' interest in membership in order to prevent their possible return to Russia 's orbit .
Naoval , an Indonesian man with `` AB blood type , no drugs and no alcohol , '' wants to sell his kidney .
If it is numbers Saddam wants , he can get them from the `` Fedayeen Saddam , '' which contains 15,000 men recruited from trusted tribes . For really big numbers , there is the Jaysh al-Sha ` abi Popular Army , a party militia with 150,000 men and women in Baghdad alone .
That provoked Israeli retaliation , starting the Gaza end of the crisis that Iran wanted .
These men simply want their children back , but all the government is doing is watching these anxious fathers with suspicion .
That is the other lesson that Ai wanted his audiences to understand , and it is why his spirit and message can not be crushed : there are 1.3 billion seeds with him .
We also need Africans who love Africa so much that they want to protect their countries -- their land -- from environmentally destructive processes .
It took more than a year for Europe to do what everyone knew needed to be done to contain the Greek crisis , and it still may not be enough . For the approved measures do not provide the transparent and long-term commitment to restoring Greek finances that markets want to see .
Today , the biggest threat to Indonesia 's democracy comes from America , even though most Americans want Indonesia 's democracy to succeed .
Indeed , a major struggle is underway between those who want Indonesia to become more fundamentalist and those who want to preserve the traditionally open and tolerant nature of Javanese culture .
Curiously , while many Americans and Europeans want moderate Muslim voices to succeed in Indonesia -LRB- and Southeast Asia -RRB- , they often undermine moderates with policies that are perceived as anti-Islamic .
But if Sri Lanka 's President Mahinda Rajapaksa wants to eliminate the spirit of Tamil separatism , he must emulate Singh 's culture of political moderation .
There can be no doubt that Singh has the right instincts . He wants Pakistan to succeed as a moderate , modernizing country .
He wants no more wars .
If the West now wants to hold Asian countries responsible for restraining new sources of greenhouse-gas emissions , it must first hold itself accountable for its old stock and current emissions .
Other bodies want to revive the idea of creating an international tribunal to investigate war crimes in Chechnya .
Osama bin Laden does n't work for money and wants to destroy the entire West , not weaken Russia in particular .
The political sentiments of many of the hundreds of thousands of people who gathered in Cairo 's Tahrir Square over the last three weeks leave little doubt that they do want democracy , and are willing to work and even to sacrifice for it . Whether they are numerous enough , resourceful enough , patient enough , wise enough , and brave enough -- and whether they will be lucky enough -- to achieve it is a question that only the people of Egypt can answer .
Soon , too soon , I wanted myself to be part of that family of word wizards , those secret relatives of mine .
I studied engineering , not only because I wanted a profession that might protect me from the daily political demagogy , but also because I hoped it would protect me from that essential self I had discovered on an unforgettable post-war July afternoon .
The builders of the twin towers , whatever their native tongues , wanted to be Americans , citizens of the New World , the towers they built symbolizing the stature of freedom .
Every day , at the same hour , he appeared with his metal trunk stuffed with all that he had collected from street corner garbage cans ; it was as if he wanted to ensnare me with his street sorcery so that I could see the city 's unfathomable contrasts .
But Indian women want male children just as much .
The wanton cruelty there is all too clearly symptomatic of a systemic failure .
An interrogation , we were instructed , should begin with polite , direct questioning , because a certain number of detainees simply want to unburden themselves .
If an interrogator promises better food or an extra blanket , the guards must provide it ; if an interrogator wants the detainee 's cell to remain brightly lit all night , that must happen , too .
This is highly inefficient , because while it is individually rational for depositors to want their money immediately , the bank might have been able to service all of them had they been collectively patient .
They also want to stop Abe from dismantling and privatizing one of their central fiefdoms , the Social Security Agency .
But , in the end , it will have to decide if it wants to be governed by the LDP , which at least offers the possibility of addressing Japan 's problems , or a DPJ in complete thrall to the bureaucracy and the past .
The frontrunner is Taro Aso , the LDP secretary general , who wants economic pump-priming .
De Gaulle got most of what he wanted , and granted independence .
If Africans want to change this , they can not spare themselves a collective debate about their elites ' complicity in widespread impoverishment .
Now the only change he wants to make is to the constitution , so that he can retain his hold on power .
The Egyptians , with a historical civilization second to none in terms of achievements in all walks of life , want desperately to associate with the Arabs , with whom they have no kinship other than colonization . Likewise , the other people of North African countries are Berbers who , less than half a century ago , were given cash incentives to learn Arabic .
The Poles demanded communism with a human face , and the Hungarians , after Imre Nagy sought to reform communism , ended up wanting no communism at all .
Other studies show that nine out of ten prostitutes urgently want to escape the job . Almost half have attempted suicide at least once .
The alternative , a targeted tax holiday , constitutes a welcome break with the culture of `` time off , '' and an encouragement to those who , as Sarkozy 's campaign slogan put it , want to `` work more in order to earn more . ''
There is little or no discussion of where Europe is heading and what sort of Europe its people want .
In the years since the collapse of the Soviet Union , neither EU nor European national policymakers have devised a coherent strategy setting out the relationship that Europe wants with the Russian Federation .
In principle , everyone wants heavy-hitters ; in practice , many national leaders resist the idea of a more independent and assertive team in Brussels .
EU governments have wanted a pliable Commission , but now the cost could be the death of the `` community method '' that protects the EU against national frictions .
Industrial leaders and ordinary citizens alike want to be told that the EU is working on a policy approach that looks farther ahead than the gloomy present .
If Germany wants to increase its diplomatic weight , it must increase its defense spending .
As for the euro , the Germans have to accept that if they want to remain good Europeans , they have to get their own fiscal house in order . For whatever they do or refrain from doing in terms of domestic reforms affects their partners .
Americans see this as the key battleground in the war on terror , and Europeans want stable , responsive governments that stem the flow of illegal migration and organized crime .
The jihadists appear to want a Taliban-style Iraq that could serve as a bastion for the wider global Islamist insurgency .
Although many states now hide behind an alleged universal principle of inviolable state sovereignty , for example , would the international community really want to go back to the old model where states did whatever they wanted to their citizens within the confines of their own borders ?
The world wants to believe in an America that lives up to its own best values .
Afghanistan is a sovereign state , and its government has the authority do what it wants .
They devised an electoral system whereby Poles would not vote for candidates of their choice , but would cross out those they did not want -- which is to say , each and every communist .
They should begin by imagining what would happen if the child of a genetically modified human wanted to become an elite athlete .
We do not want a new Iron Curtain on the Polish-Ukrainian border .
He was one who wanted to remain true to the tradition of the January Uprising and the Legions of Józef Pi?sudski , to the tradition of the insurgents of the Warsaw ghetto and Warsaw Uprising , to the values of the Polish October and the student revolt of 1968 , to the values of KOR -LRB- Workers ' Defense Committee -RRB- and of `` Solidarity . ''
He wanted a democratic Poland in a strong and democratic Europe .
The main difference between the Prague Spring and the Velvet Revolution was that the former was mostly the work of Communist Party members and others who wanted to bring about `` socialism with a human face . ''
Now I wanted to get a sense of life , not statistics .
Yusuf , age nine , working on a computer at the Qattan Center , told me that he wanted to be a pilot .
Indeed , the UN 's wanton sacrifice of science and technology to its own bureaucratic self-interest creates significant obstacles to innovation that can help the poorest of the poor .
The Europeans want to stop GM products because the technology was developed in US labs and commercialized by US companies financed by American capital .
Must countries produce fewer children if they want to accumulate more wealth ?
Now imagine the alternative and ask yourself : Which world do I want to live in ?
The Republicans ' defeat in this month 's mid-term Congressional elections is a sign that Americans want to sanction their leaders for their strategic and ethical shortcomings , and they did so with gusto .
According to this view , if Iran wants to de-legitimize Israel and ultimately unite Moslems against the West , the only answer is to isolate Iran in the Middle East , and to create alliances against Iran with moderate Sunni Arab regimes .
Royal 's emphasis on the concept of participatory democracy -- `` Tell me what you want , I will be your spokesperson '' -- has so far shown itself to have limited appeal .
Voters like to be consulted , and citizens love to express themselves , but at the end of the day , they want a leader , someone they can trust .
In other terms , they do n't want only a receptive ear , but a reassuring , authoritative , and competent figure .
France wants the illusion of change , but is continuity what she truly desires ? .
They wanted a strong charismatic man to reawaken France economically and to reassure them in security terms .
From that standpoint , the deepening of chaos in the Middle East poses both opportunities and risks for Russia and China , which may force them to define the roles they want to play and the images they want to project in the world .
Emotionally , too , `` Sarkozy the American , Sarkozy the doer , '' who wants to be judged by his actions , tends to see himself as a Gallic incarnation of the American dream .
So , because Sarkozy wants to be seen as a convinced European , he must normalize France 's relations with a new Alliance based on two pillars -- European and American .
Moreover , financial and human resources for military affairs are scarce and can not be duplicated , while France and Britain want to restart the Saint-Malo process of bilateral defense efforts launched nearly ten years ago .
Sarkozy may want to be a combination of Margaret Thatcher and Tony Blair , but in symbolic terms he is also the Queen .
The Olympics were awarded to Beijing for a mixture of economic and political reasons , and China wanted the Games for the same reasons .
China , for both good and bad , is a status-quo power that does not want to rock the boat of the international system -- a power largely satisfied with its new status , but one that does not want to see its regime transformed , especially through external pressures .
`` I do n't want a good General , I want a lucky one '' the French Emperor Napoleon I used to quip .
By that standard , he would not have wanted Sarkozy .
While Sarkozy 's popularity remains low , a majority of the French want him to succeed , for he has four more years to go , and there is no alternative around the corner .
Whereas China intends to seduce and impress the world by the number of its Olympic medals , Russia wants to impress the world by demonstrating its military superiority .
He wanted to demonstrate to his Western partners that Georgia needed NATO protection from Russia , and that accession was therefore urgent .
Russians are well aware that Americans want their help in the Middle East ; on other issues , they listen to Europe and America with a stance oscillating between indifference and brutality .
What do you want back ?
If you want America to lead by the power of example , you favor Barack Obama ; if you want to be reassured by the continuation of America 's power in a traditional security sense , you probably prefer John McCain .
They do not want the US only to protect them , but to transform them .
Of course , to want Turkey `` in '' is an act of will , if not an act of faith that is in many ways counterintuitive .
Israelis do n't want to delude themselves the way they did in the 1990 's during the so-called Oslo peace process .
If the United States wants to be seriously involved in a renewed peace initiative , it can neither ignore nor passively accept the hierarchy of Israeli emotions .
If Europeans want to regain self-confidence , pride and , collective hope , they must seize the opportunity that the necessary and inevitable adjustment of the multilateral system represents for them .
Of course , a single European voice in the major multilateral institutions appears more unrealistic than ever : who wants it , except maybe the EU 's smaller members ?
Twenty years ago , right after the fall of the Berlin Wall , one could say `` I want Europe so much that I am willing to accept one Germany '' -- a revolutionary move if one had in mind the French writer François Mauriac 's famous joke , `` I like Germany so much , I want two of them . ''
From 1957 to 1976 , from the beginning of Mao 's `` Great Leap Forward '' which led to a mass famine that killed tens of millions of people , to the end of the `` Cultural Revolution '' which left Chinese society divided and traumatized due to its wanton cruelty and the destruction of cultural goods , China endured two hideous decades .
China must confront them if it wants to progress domestically and become a respected and respectable actor of the international system .
As time goes by , Israelis and Palestinians increasingly want to divorce themselves from each other .
Or is it also part of a process of closing the doors of our European `` paradise '' to all those who still want to join us ?
A caricature of a despot , he personifies the type of odious adversary whom all democrats want to see defeated .
Open societies , especially if they want to compete with non-democratic countries , must be more muscular : openness requires strength .
Outside of Cuba , he does not want to be held captive by Cuba 's one international supporter : Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez .
But Raúl Castro wants to avoid dependence on one or two countries alone .
Meanwhile , with the Lisbon treaty blocked and no institutional step forward in sight , the underlying question remains : What type of Europe do we want ?
Few Party officials really wanted to be troubled by the complexities of such calculations anyway , but either abided by them or paid them lip service , for the sake of maintaining patronage and seeking promotion .
Such a system would trigger entrepreneurial searches for low-cost mitigation opportunities in developing countries , because rich countries would want to pay less by lowering emissions abroad .
But , while it is easy to argue that citizens want bread before freedom , economic liberalization came without a system of checks and balances , and thus largely resulted in neither bread nor freedom .
Its leader , Don Luigi Sturzo , wanted it to appeal to tutti i liberi e forti -- all free and strong men .
Now he wants state subsidies for faith-based organizations -- a policy proposal that upsets his many secularist critics .
But the lessons that elites learn -- and they clearly will want to turn the protests to their electoral advantage -- will partly depend on how these movements are described , and how they conceive of themselves .
Nobody wants to repeal citizenship legislation that makes birthplace , not bloodlines , the basis of belonging , and everybody is proud that right-wing populism has never taken off in the way that it has among some of Germany 's neighbors .
Thus , Germany 's political class , confused about what it wants and generally unable to explain to citizens what it does , has responded with short-term solutions : yes , more Europe , but no European state ; yes , more money to pour down fiscal black holes , but no departure from the old Bundesbank orthodoxies .
Unlike in the post-war decades , Germans no longer want to escape to `` Europe '' from their difficult fatherland .
Merchants who seek to build their business on a strong base of regular customers are unlikely to engage in fraud . Companies that want to attract and retain investors strive for financial transparency .
And all surveys show that young men and women want to study and have a job before they marry .
-LRB- Moreover , they increasingly want to choose their own partner . -RRB-
The successors to those dictators , however , found this turn of events to be an unwanted complication in their political `` thaws '' ; more sophisticated mechanisms to induce fear among their peoples were needed , and there are few deterrents to dissident activity more potent than the threat of removal to an institution for the criminally insane .
They should urge the Kosovo government to mount a credible investigation , for the sake of the victims and people in Kosovo who want their state to be ruled by law .
Kosovo 's Albanians do not want a state tainted by such allegations .
They want a state that respects human rights for everyone .
And they want answers about the fate of hundreds of people who have been missing for a decade .
Now , however , it appears that the authorities wanted only a small , managed opening , on the assumption that they could control the outcome .
The participants in those events included the `` Plumbers , '' a personal secret police established by Nixon and so named because one of their tasks was to eliminate leaks of information that the White House did not want to disclose .
Health Food Truths `` Low-carbohydrate '' pasta is in a category of health foods known in the trade as `` lesser evils '' -- foods with fewer unwanted calories , fat , trans fat , sugars , salt , or carbohydrates .
Their reasons also seem to have a pragmatic ring : they do n't want to cause North Korea to collapse by being too harsh ; they fear losing influence in Burma to India or the United States ; no one is doing much about Darfur , so to jeopardize the supply of Sudanese oil by pushing the regime in Khartoum appears futile .
If China does n't want to be seen as complicit in the crimes of its client regimes , then it is time for it to alter its concept of diplomatic interference .
They noted that President Bush had sided openly with those who want to make evolutionary theory optional in schools ' science curricula .
Ethics commissions want to establish limits on research , even if these require frequent re-negotiation .
But we still want to control the unforeseeable consequences to which curiosity leads .
Mark Twain once said , `` Fewer things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example . '' The ERC does not want to annoy , but to make a difference -- for European research in a global , competitive context .
It wants to build on its success in creating a truly European and highly potent research culture .
Whether it is the Chinese for the global economy , or Russia for nuclear disarmament , the United States will now work with whomever can help it get the results it wants -- thus ensuring that it remains the `` indispensable nation . ''
If Europeans want to be divided and ruled , the US is happy to oblige .
When a would-be dictator -- anywhere , any time , on the right or the left -- wants to close an open society or initiate a crackdown against a democracy movement , he follows ten classic steps : invoke a threat , create secret prisons , develop a paramilitary force , establish a surveillance apparatus , arbitrarily detain citizens , infiltrate citizen groups , target key individuals , go after journalists , call criticism `` treason , '' and subvert the rule of law .
In an emotional address during a ceremony earlier this month to commemorate heroes of Zimbabwe 's war of liberation from white minority rule , Mugabe warned the opposition : `` Those who would go together with our enemies abroad can not at the same time want to march alongside us as our partners in the nation-building efforts that are underway . ''
NGO 's do not have coercive `` hard '' power , but they often enjoy considerable `` soft '' power - the ability to get the outcomes they want through attraction rather than compulsion .
Admiration for American values does not mean , of course , that others want to imitate all the ways Americans implement them .
Despite all the rhetoric about `` old '' and `` new '' Europe , at the end of the Cold War opinion surveys showed that two-thirds of Czechs , Poles , Hungarians , and Bulgarians perceived the US as a good influence on their respective countries , but fewer than a quarter wanted to import American economic models .
Neither country aims to restrain China in the way the `` containment '' strategy aimed at an aggressive Soviet Union during the Cold War , but both want to create an international structure that does not tempt China to throw its weight around .
We do n't want a China - or a US-dominated world , but if we had to choose , it would be easier for us to live with the latter . ''
But even in Iran , where the ruling mullahs describe America as `` the great Satan , '' the young want to watch American videos in the privacy of their homes .
But once glasnost let people say what they thought , many people said , `` We want out . ''
After all , he wanted to reform communism , not replace it .
It is difficult for a country to remain a superpower when the world does n't want 92 % of what it produces .
The bad news is that he still does not understand soft power -- the ability to get what you want through attraction rather than coercion .
Europe has used the attractiveness of its Union to obtain outcomes it wants , just as the US has acted as though its military pre-eminence could solve all problems .
It is a civil war within Islam between a majority of normal people and a small minority who want to coerce others into a accepting a highly ideological and politicized version of their religion .
China wants to preserve its access to Iranian oil , and Russia seeks to preserve a valuable commercial market .
While all five want a non-nuclear North Korea , China and South Korea place a higher priority on the stability of the North Korean regime than the US and Japan do .
The most important lesson five years after 9\/11 is that failure to combine hard and soft power effectively in the struggle against jihadi terrorism will lead us into the trap set by those who want a clash of civilizations .
Back then , there was a debate between those who wanted to contain China 's growing strength increased and those who urged China 's integration into the international system .
But because Rumsfeld wanted to prove a point about transforming American military strategy , and his neo-conservative advisors had ideological blinders that distorted their appraisal of Iraqi reality , Shinseki 's advice was rejected .
Power is the ability to get the outcomes one wants .
But on the middle board of economic relations , the world is already multipolar , and the US can not obtain the outcomes it wants without the cooperation of Europe , Japan , China , and others .
There is no simple military solution that will produce the outcomes we want .
Aware of the ultra-nationalist threat from Jean-Marie Le Pen , who took second place in the 2002 presidential election , Sarkozy has said that he wants `` to talk to those who have moved toward the far right because they are suffering . ''
Even when the US does not want to take the lead , it can share leadership with others , such as with Europe in the Balkans .
Power is the ability to affect others to produce the outcomes one wants .
The US does not challenge China 's sovereignty , but it wants a peaceful settlement that will maintain Taiwan 's democratic institutions .
Soft power -- the ability to get what you want by attraction rather than coercion or payment -- is becoming more important .
Able people wanted to join him because Rickover was renowned for implementing an important strategic vision , not because he was a nice boss .
The US regards a triangular Japan-China-US relationship as the basis of stability in East Asia , and wants good relations between all three of its legs .
A `` liberal realist '' policy should look to the long-term evolution of world order and realize the responsibility of the international system 's strongest country to produce global public goods -- things people and governments around the world want but can not otherwise attain -- as Britain did in the nineteenth century .
In the 1960 's , the Somalis wanted to vote right away ; Kenya wanted to wait 40 or 50 years while it went about its nation-building , or reshaping tribal allegiances into a Kenyan identity .
Similarly , when eastern Nigeria decided it wanted to secede and form the state of Biafra in the 1960s , other Nigerians resisted , in part because Biafra included most of Nigeria 's oil .
But even if Bush had been better as a decider , people want something more in a leader .
We want someone who reinforces our identity and tells us who we are .
Neo-conservative pundits drew the conclusion that the United States was so powerful that it could do whatever it wanted , and that others had no choice but to follow .
This new unilateralism was based on a profound misunderstanding of the nature of power -- that is , the ability to affect others to get the outcomes one wants -- in world politics .
America can not get the outcomes it wants in trade , antitrust , or other areas without the cooperation of the European Union , China , Japan , and others .
The threat remains alive , and it is important to remember that people in democracies want both liberty and security .
Japan officially endorses the objective of a non-nuclear world , but it relies on America 's extended nuclear deterrent , and wants to avoid being subject to nuclear blackmail from North Korea -LRB- or China -RRB- .
Alan Greenspan , the former chairman of the Federal Reserve Board , was hardly an inspirational speaker , but markets and politicians hung on his every word , and he tailored the nuances of his language to reinforce the direction in which he wanted to lead monetary policy .
Soft power is the ability to get what one wants by attracting others rather than threatening or paying them .
When you persuade others to want what you want , you do not have to spend as much on sticks and carrots to move them in your direction .
The war on terrorism is not a clash of civilizations - Islam versus the West - but a civil war within Islamic civilization between extremists who use violence to enforce their vision and a moderate majority who want things like jobs , education , health care , and dignity as they pursue their faith .
First , a political transition is expected in 2012 , and , in a period of rising nationalism , no Chinese leader wants to look softer than his rivals .
Depending on the poll , either a plurality or majority wants fewer immigrants .
The fact that people want to come to the US , together with immigrants ' upward mobility , enhances the country 's appeal .
China does not want a nuclear or belligerent North Korea , but it is even more concerned about a failed state collapsing on its border .
Japan , India , Vietnam , and other countries do not want to be dominated by China , and thus welcome a US presence in the region .
If power is the ability to obtain the outcomes one wants , it is important to remember that sometimes our power is greater when we act with others rather than merely over others .
The threat remains with us , and it is important to remember that people in democracies want both liberty and security .
Industrialized economies are seeking to recover from the crisis , and want credit and capital to stay home to boost growth , while developing countries have little interest in gaining short-term capital inflows .
The major challenge , however , is the difficult work of collecting unwanted devices at the street level , and sorting and coordinating collected items for international distribution and processing .
They also want the government to rebuild houses , mosques , and Islamic schools destroyed during the 2009 attack .
The Alliance for Democracy , the dominant Yoruba party , is not fielding a candidate because it does not want to divide the Yoruba vote and deny victory to Obasanjo , their kinsman .
Confidential company documents made available in late March suggest that Shell withheld vital information on the extent of the downward revaluation of its Nigerian reserves - by 1.5 billion barrels -LRB- 60 % of the country 's total reserves -RRB- - because it wanted to strengthen Nigeria 's hand in negotiating with OPEC to increase the country 's production quota .
Nigeria , grappling with a worsening economic crisis , wants to double daily production to four million barrels , to reflect new discoveries that the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation -LRB- NNPC -RRB- claimed in December 2003 had increased reserves to 34 billion barrels .
Shell claimed it did not want to jeopardize these negotiations by making public the true state of its Nigerian reserves .
With oil reaching $ 100 dollars per barrel , and energy-hungry giants like the United States and China beating a path to Nigeria 's door , Africa 's leading oil producer wants to use petrodollars to cure the country 's economic ills and flex its muscles in the international arena .
The government insists on a January 2008 deadline , but the companies complain that the government 's reluctance to fund its share of operating costs fully and rising political violence in the Niger Delta make this deadline unrealistic , and want it extended three years .
Now , following the companies ' discovery of massive reserves , technocrats appointed by Yar ` Adua to take charge of oil policy want Nigeria to get a larger slice of the pie .
It is easy to fast during Ramadan in Afghanistan , Pakistan , and Egypt , even if one does not want to .
If Europeans want to take part in vital global decisions - as the EU security strategy outlined not long ago by Javier Solana argued - they must find a middle way between the unanimity rule and the reality of member states ' actual power .
Why does it want to deny governments ' access to much-needed funds for social development ?
Besides , plenty of other public and private institutions undertake the infrastructure and finance projects that the ADB now wants to focus on .
After all , should the dollar depreciate , China does not want to have too many eggs in the US basket .
The way out of this dilemma is to understand what Iran wants -- and how to accommodate it without jeopardizing anyone 's security .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has said that Iran wants to develop uranium enrichment technology for industrial use .
But the international community must be more respectful of Iran 's current industrial aims if it wants Iranian cooperation .
They , too , want moderation and modernity , if perhaps not full secularization , to prevail .
But , beyond narrow party confines , opinion polls were exceptionally kind : a vast cross-section of the Israeli public wants Livni to lead .
Uninterested in nationalist daydreams or religious mystique , we simply want to live safely , and , if at all possible , next door to a stable and peaceful Palestine .
Not unreasonably , Israel wants an internationally guaranteed and monitored ceasefire agreement that would put a total stop to Hamas assaults against its territory .
To the detriment of their own people , its leaders , Haled Mash ` al and Ismail Hanieh , want neither peace nor compromise .
Like their friend and supporter , President Mahmoud Ahmedinejad of Iran , they want Israel dead .
You do n't want to lose your investment .
You want credit where it 's due , and you want to control the game , because you have so much more to show and to support your arguments .
Flores , a Social Christian candidate representing a rightist alliance , wants to maintain present President Alejandro Toledo 's neo-liberal policies , which have boosted economic growth , foreign investment , and exports spectacularly over the past four years .
But Humala 's detractors claim he took up arms to help the escape of Montesinos , who was already wanted by the law , but managed to flee aboard a sailboat towards Galapagos on the day of the coup .
Yet this does n't explain why these poorer immigrants remain religious ; wanting to succeed US-style , they should want to be quick to `` assimilate . ''
But if we want to discover the role that a religion like Islam plays in determining a society 's fundamental shape , we can indeed be led astray by making comparisons between different countries or global regions .
People everywhere want a new relationship with power -- more autonomy and more respect .
We in PASOK , the party that I lead , have started to think through what we want out of politics in a practical sense and how this can be delivered in a way that respects people 's lives .
But these same people often want both .
I realized that I would have to fight to communicate what I wanted to achieve .
In Latin American affairs , it balks at the Free Trade Area of the Americas -LRB- FTAA -RRB- and generally wants relations with the US that allow it to promote their local initiatives .
Many Armenians believe that Tsarukyan has carte blanche to do whatever he wants , when he wants .
Some Japanese still want to write or believe fairy tales about their pre-war and wartime history , which has hugely complicated Japan 's efforts to find a confident and lasting reconciliation with China .
It does not want to see its industries outdated and uncompetitive .
On the Israeli side , which political leaders really want a Palestinian state and are prepared to take the political risks associated with trying to establish one ?
In any democratic system of checks and balances , leaders usually require coalitions in order to get what they want done .
When the great General George C. Marshall -- whose memoirs of World War II and of his tenure as America 's Secretary of State would have been worth every penny -- was offered $ 1 million by a publisher in the1950 's for his autobiography , the old man replied , `` Why would I want $ 1 million ? '' What a different world we now inhabit .
Why should anyone in Pakistan believe that the West is serious in wanting to sustain that country as a Muslim democratic state ?
I want to see -- and I 'm sure Blair does , too -- a peaceful Palestinian state next door to a secure Israel in a region united in prosperity and stability .
But what we should want to promote is the right sort of growth -- growth that wo n't ravage our future prospects .
Past experience suggests that there are five guidelines to follow if we want a more effective European presence on the world stage whenever foreign and security policy are at the top of the agenda .
We should , for example , want to prevent the militarization of nuclear energy in Iran precisely because of our concern as Europeans , not because we are allies of the US .
The best example of this is energy policy and Russia , which wants a sphere of influence around its borders .
Recalling Hillary Clinton 's famous Democratic primary television advertisement , Obama , it turns out , is exactly the sort of president that most of us would want to have in the post for that 3 a.m. phone call about an international crisis .
The right angrily denounces him as a crypto-communist because he wants every American to have health care .
But Obama also knows that if the existing nuclear states want others to accept tougher restrictions , they will have to cut back their nuclear arsenals .
If you want a novelist 's view of this world in Mumbai , read Vikram Chandra 's Sacred Games , one of the best and most exciting novels written anywhere in the last few years .
As a tribal Conservative , albeit it with pretty moderate tendencies and a deep suspicion of ideology , I naturally want Cameron to win .
The lesson for other governments is clear : if you want independence of action , do n't put yourself in hock .
As the months pass , both parties will probably find that they face their greatest political difficulty in managing the fringes of their own camps -- rightists in the Conservative Party , who do n't like the centrist moderation of the coalition 's policies , and leftists in the Liberal Democratic Party who do n't want to support a largely Conservative government .
Some in Israel , such as Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman , seem to want to cut off Gaza completely from the West Bank , in contravention of the Oslo accords -LRB- and the prospect of a two-state solution ! -RRB- , and push it in the direction of Egypt .
I want to see Israel , a free , democratic society , live up to its original values and be at peace with its neighbors .
`` How is it , '' a local pig farmer asked me a few a years ago , `` that we locals all want to get out of here , and you northern European city dwellers want to buy up our old farmhouses and move in ? ''
They want less government , lower taxes , and a smaller deficit , a combination to be achieved seemingly without pain .
China is far too big to be taken for granted , and it wants to be shown the respect that it associates with being an ancient civilization that has contributed so much to human progress .
While research by the Pew Centers suggested that the aspirations of families in the Middle East were similar to those elsewhere , many of us went along with the comfortable delusion that Muslim-majority societies could n't manage and did n't want democracy .
They did n't have to like Israel , provided that they were n't too rude about America 's pro-Israel bias and its refusal to accept that insisting on Israel 's inalienable right to exist was not the same as allowing Israel to do whatever it wanted .
For countries that want such assistance , there is quite a lot of money in the EU 's pockets for this sort of work .
It now seems clear that if we want a non-proliferation treaty with more teeth -- for example , tougher monitoring and surveillance -- countries with nuclear weapons will have to honor what others believe is their side of an unfair bargain .
Finally , if America wants change , why vote for a ticket that has embraced the very attitudes that gave the Bush years their character , and exemplifies some of the reasons for its unpopularity and failures , from partisan bigotry and the assault on reason and science to the `` America First '' dismissal of the opinions of the rest of mankind ?
What does the world want -- and , perhaps more importantly , what does it need -- from a new American President ?
We want a new president who will aim to make a success of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty Renewal Conference in 2010 by scrapping more weapons , abandoning research into them , and challenging others to do the same .
We want these wrongdoers to suffer .
Although the leaders of Poland , Hungary , the Czech Republic and Slovakia recently declared they wanted to keep the Visegrad grouping alive even after their countries ' enter the EU , the future of Visegrad cooperation is uncertain .
Perhaps understandably , most citizens of West European states -- accustomed to the political stability and economic prosperity of the last several decades -- do not want to give up the benefits that the European integration process has brought to them .
The French , for example , do not want to lose farm subsidies , just as they are not eager to give more money to the new members , whose reformed economies are taking away French jobs .
If the Palestinians want to have European help -- which I support completely -- it must be ready to make peace , not to break peace .
Israel never said that it wants to destroy Iran ; Israel never openly proclaimed that it would enrich uranium and build nuclear bombs in order to destroy another country .
But that does not mean that we can afford to ignore an obvious threat from countries that want to destroy us .
Israel wants -- indeed , desperately needs -- peace and stability in the Middle East , and we will continue to do everything in our power to achieve it .
If the EU wants to continue its state-building efforts in Palestine and contribute to a peaceful settlement , it must find ways to talk to and work with the elected government .
The US , indeed , should be prepared to eventually give such guarantees if it wants Iran to stop the more suspicious parts of its nuclear program .
Incendiary statements about Israel exacerbate the lack of trust among Iran 's would-be partners , and make it hard for those in Europe and the US who are interested in building more favorable relations . Iran hints that it wants to have a high-level dialogue with the US in the not-too-distant future .
If it wants to be seen as a status-quo power , it needs to accept local and international efforts at establishing peace between Israel and its neighbors .
Even without such a bargain , however , Iran will have to do certain things if it wants to be seen as a constructive regional player .
They criticized the situation . But no one wants to change the system by force . ''
While Iran 's leadership continues to repress liberal dissenters , it feels secure enough to talk of `` reconciliation '' with parts of the `` loyal '' opposition -- Ahmadinejad 's conservative and reform-oriented adversaries who want to preserve the Islamic system as such .
While Iran 's ruling elite appears to be divided over the prospect of a full-scale rapprochement with the US , they share this underlying fear of America and do not want their country to be isolated further .
To be sure , some who benefit would want to stay .
Fortunately , there are some policy precepts and ideas that governments would do well to invest their political capital in if they want innovation and its attendant prosperity to resume .
Less obviously , a country does not want misguided or pointless change ; it wants investments that appear to the financial sector as productive .
This policy has often led to programs that countries do not want and to employment of foreign experts for tasks that nationals could and should have performed .
But we need this wall to tumble if we do not want to miss today 's revolution , which is delivering societies based on knowledge , technology , and information .
A second argument is that `` we do not know enough about the effects and side effects . '' Since some of the groups opposing GM organisms destroy the field trials that could give us more knowledge , a more pertinent argument might be that many opponents do not want us to know more .
The Borgia Candidate for Russia 's Presidency In the latest interview given by Andrei Lugovoi , the man Great Britain wants Russia to extradite for poisoning the dissident Alexander Litvinenko with radioactive polonium , there was a remarkable moment that has not been fully appreciated .
Lugovoi , still rather diffident but with unmistakable pride , mentioned that when he is seen in public , he usually finds himself surrounded by people who want to shake his hand , congratulate him on his valor , and ask for his autograph .
Neither leader wants to capture Tbilisi .
One wants to get his hooks into a further trillion dollars that it can pick away at , while the other wants to become `` a central construct of the system of international relations . ''
The irony is that , like the Kremlin and its allies , the Islamists do not want to separate .
Germans , who since reunification in 1990 know what they are talking about when it comes to such transfers , do not want to hear about a Europe where rich regions would permanently finance pockets of under-development .
This may make skeptics the very people European policymakers wanted to convince .
If one wants to know how to deal with a banking crisis , the risk of a depression , or the threat of a default , it is natural to examine times when those dangers were around , rather than to rely on models that ignore such dangers or treat them as distant clouds .
Today , every country seems to want to depreciate its currency .
A world in which every country wants a weaker exchange rate is not without precedent .
Emerging countries hold a similar opinion : they want their current problems to be solved but are not ready to re-write the rules of the game .
Europe 's financial industry wants a cost-effective , transparent , and competitively neutral supervisory framework that will foster market integration , create greater financial stability , and provide for crisis management .
EU member governments obviously want to minimize the risk of being called on to save a cross-border bank in trouble .
The PAD wants to maintain the 2007 charter .
Moreover , Thailand already attracts unwanted attention for its draconian security laws .
Cambodia wants to multilateralize the border conflict as much as Thailand tries to limit it to bilateral negotiations .
When they entrusted him with responsibility for convening the constituent assembly , the Bolsheviks knew what they wanted to do with the constituent assembly , because they knew Stalin as a person who would not stop at anything .
Both candidates want jobs to be created in ecological services .
The conclusion PETA wants us to reach is that both the Holocaust and the mass confinement and slaughter of animals are horrific .
He thought that it was important to confront the fact of our insignificant place in the universe , because he did not want us to live under the illusory comfort of a belief that somehow the world had been created for our sake , and that we are under the benevolent care of an all-powerful creator .
Can such a code really take hold in the competitive world of business ? Perhaps the best hope for its success can be glimpsed in a comment made to a New York Times reporter by Max Anderson , one of the pledge 's student organizers : `` There is the feeling that we want our lives to mean something more and to run organizations for the greater good , '' he said .
So , for example , patients close to death are resuscitated , against the doctor 's better judgment , because they have not specifically stated that they do not want to be resuscitated in such circumstances .
An alliance between the two largest parties , the late Benazir Bhutto 's Pakistan People 's Party -LRB- PPP -RRB- and Nawaz Sharif 's Muslim League faction -LRB- PML-N -RRB- is what the country needs and what most Pakistanis want .
This is unpalatable to the Bush administration , which has helped keep Musharraf in power , despite the fact that 75 % of Pakistanis want him to resign .
His party also wants the sacked Supreme Court justices to be restored .
It wants to pair the PPP with the discredited PML-Q and isolate the PML-N .
Why does no one want capital inflows ?
In the short run , though , the world is engaged in a gigantic game of passing the parcel , with no country wanting to take the habitual exporters ' goods and their capital surpluses .
Some progressive economists want even more .
Or it may be an explicit bias : an economist might write a report that is influenced by what a sponsor wants to hear , or give testimony that is purely mercenary .
Movements like the Tea Party have thus tended keep in check those who , after a crisis of the sort that America has had , typically want more government action , including curbing markets and competition .
Those who want to influence political leaders must get used to convincing their masters , the people , directly .
It scoffs at assertions that Russia would cheat by multiplying warheads on bombers or new rail-based missile carriers , arguing that the Kremlin would want to avoid America 's compensatory response .
Indeed , the Timorese people have consistently shown that what they want from their government is openness , dialogue , and majority voting under the rule of law .
Myanmar 's people want the same , but their country is being pushed towards collapse by years of political and economic crisis , and might well become ASEAN 's pariah , like Africa 's Zimbabwe .
The world needs peace , countries deserve development , and people want cooperation ... China will always be a good neighbor , good friend , and good partner of other Asian countries . ''
Other autocratic rulers in the Muslim world are learning from Iran 's example , cracking down hard on intellectuals , journalists , lawyers , women activists , or just about anyone who has ideas and wants to exchange them with others .
Nobody wants to demonize or unnecessarily restrict private equity and hedge funds , and venture capital 's investment in innovative and high-risk new companies highlights their potentially useful role .
Nobody wants to bail out banks that make bad decisions .
Kouchner always wanted to be a minister .
The three Baltic states and Slovenia also want to entrench their recently revived national identities .
So the following question arises . Although it is logical that all Europeans want to give a strong institutional basis to Europe 's definitive and everlasting peace , and that we pragmatically unite our markets , these imperatives are insufficient to energize a Union with 25 members .
It is for these reasons that countries outside the EU want to join .
And , lo and behold , France , which is scheduled to ratify the Constitution by a referendum on May 29 , gives the impression of wanting to vote against it .
It is the desire to reject this state of affairs that , above all else , explains the `` No '' many French people want to shout .
If you are selling a piece of paper that I want to buy , it is my responsibility to know what I am buying and be aware of any possible adverse consequences .
What they want is not to turn back globalization , but to create new institutions and compensation mechanisms -- at home or internationally -- that will render globalization more effective , fairer , and more sustainable .
The Doha Round was constructed on a myth , namely that a negotiating agenda focused on agriculture would constitute a `` development round . '' This gave key constituencies what they wanted .
Who would n't want credit markets to serve the cause of home ownership ?
A comforting thought -- if you still want to believe in financial sanity -- is that this was a case of a `` perfect storm , '' a rare failure that required a large number of stars to be in alignment simultaneously .
In trade , the current round of global negotiations has demonstrated that if rich nations want developing nations to cooperate , they will need to let them shape the rules of the game .
If Europe wants to pull its weight on the global stage , it will have to act with greater unity of purpose and shoulder a greater share of responsibility .
These countries did not want to be recipients of capital inflows , because they realized that this would wreak havoc with their need to maintain competitive currencies .
The first approach may maximize the traffic load that can be carried safely , but it fails to take most people where they want to go and is ultimately self-defeating .
But a Tobin tax is a good place to start if we want to send a strong message about the social value of the casino known as global finance .
If the US wants to place size limits and tighter capital requirements on banks , it should be free to do so .
If Europe wants to devise its own rules for credit-rating agencies and hedge funds , it should simply go ahead .
The rule would have to be : if you want to serve my market , you must play by my rules .
Thomas Watson , the founder of IBM , once said , `` If you want to succeed , raise your error rate . ''
And if we want democracy along with globalization , we must shove the nation-state aside and strive for greater international governance .
Reducing the cost of firing workers will not increase demand for labor much when no one wants to hire new workers .
If Germany wants the rest of Europe to swallow the bitter pill of fiscal retrenchment , it will eventually have to recognize the implicit quid pro quo .
If you want to keep borrowing money , you need to convince your lender that you can repay .
As long as they make money they do not care if they have to eat their words . They simply want whatever `` works '' -- whatever will produce a stable , healthy economic environment conducive to debt repayment .
Evidently , the Chinese government did not want its citizens to read up on the Egyptian protests and get the wrong idea .
CAMBRIDGE -- Not long ago , a Harvard colleague wrote to me that Saif al-Islam el-Qaddafi , a son of Libya 's dictator , would be in town and wanted to meet me .
A modern-day Friedman might want to ask how China has come to dominate the pencil industry , as it has so many others .
In Britain , one recent poll indicated that as many as two-thirds of Conservatives want Britain to leave the European Union .
A second factor should also make owners want to stay close to the firm if labor is politically strong .
By contrast , democratic regimes with widespread property ownership typically best protect property rights over the long term , because enough people in the polity want to protect property .
Financial players use derivatives to transfer risk : one player assumes the risk of , say , euro fluctuation , but does n't want yen risk , while for another , it 's the opposite .
It is not financially nimble ; it is often captured by the regulated ; and when economic times are good , no official wants to spoil the party .
If shareholders want to tell directors what to do -- say , borrow more money and expand the business , or close off the money-losing factory -- well , they just ca n't .
Business interests sought to replace SEC commissioners who wanted the rule , and their lawyers threatened to sue the SEC if it moved forward .
Jefferson and Madison did not want the country 's capital to be in the north , and Hamilton reluctantly agreed to support moving it to an area carved out of Virginia or Maryland .
The true believers view the deficits as evidence that the world recognizes how special the US is and wants to buy in .
Who wants to build up debt if there might be a financial crisis around the corner ?
With his country so totally -- indeed , embarrassingly -- dependent on oil and gas revenues , he is hardly likely to want to spark a big push towards energy conservation .
Do n't we all want to know how Bond -LRB- oops , I mean Sean Connery -RRB- would deal with Iran or North Korea ?
The last thing that Bush 's Republicans want is to appear indifferent to the plight of the middle classes .
As huge winners from globalization , they want to avoid criticism of their trade and financial policies , which arguably remain considerably more protectionist than those of their rich-country counterparts .
And they certainly do n't want to be pressed to apologize for holding hostage over $ 800 billion in foreign currency reserves , acquired to resist yen appreciation .
Today , US political leaders such as Congressman Barney Frank want to bring back unions .
So now rich countries want to feel magnanimous for `` forgiving '' debts that should have been given as outright grants in the first place .
But they are unlikely to want to do so at this point , even if the US political system allowed it .
If sovereign wealth funds want to enter and keep capital-starved firms afloat in hopes of a big rebound , they should be allowed to do so .
Many emerging markets will also want to engage in countercyclical macroeconomic policy , but they are hemmed in by concerns of fiscal sustainability and fear of rampant inflation .
The United States and Britain naturally want a system conducive to extending their hegemony .
Europe wants to preserve its universal banking model , with banks that serve a broad range of functions , ranging from taking deposits to making small commercial loans to high-level investment-banking activities .
Despite Chinese official rhetoric about the need for a new global currency to replace the dollar , and US lawmakers ' flirtation with `` Buy American '' clauses -LRB- which scares everyone , not just the Chinese -RRB- , no one will want to rock a boat that has almost capsized .
Do the Chinese really want to be sitting on $ 4 trillion in another five to 10 years ?
Of course , the US government claims to want to rein in borrowing . But , assuming the economy must claw its way out of recession for at least another year or two , it is difficult to see how the government can fulfill its Pittsburgh pledge .
China does not want to be left holding a $ 4 trillion bag when it happens .
Japan 's Slow-Motion Crisis TOKYO -- If you listen to American , European , or even Chinese leaders , Japan is the economic future no one wants .
Yes , nobody wants to be Japan , the fallen angel that went from one of the fastest growing economies in the world for more than three decades to one that has slowed to a crawl for the past 18 years .
No one wants to live with the trauma of the deflation -LRB- falling prices -RRB- that Japan has repeatedly experienced .
No one wants to navigate the precarious government-debt dynamic that Japan faces , with debt levels far above 100 % of GDP -LRB- even if one factors in the Japanese government 's vast holdings of foreign-exchange reserves . -RRB-
No one wants to go from being a world-beater to a poster child for economic stagnation .
Simply put , no one wants to be the next major IMF supplicant .
After all , they want to do that anyway .
In Japan , the Koizumi government wants to privatize the behemoth postal service , whose giant financial arm is wrapped like a python around the country 's banking system .
You can tell Latin Americans or Africans that Asia 's unquenchable thirst for natural resources will keep pushing up the prices of their commodity and agricultural exports in perpetuity , turning wheat fields into gold mines . But all their politicians seem to want to worry about is protecting doomed domestic manufacturers against low-wage Asian competition .
German workers who make high-end machine tools are proud of their craft , and they do n't want to be told that the same work can be done for much less in Poland and Slovakia .
These craftsmen do n't want to be told that they should start retraining as tour guides to service the inevitable horde of middle-income Chinese tourists , as that country takes over high-end light manufacturing like tailoring .
For now , it may only be black humor -LRB- e.g. , the New Orleans waiter who asks diners whether they want their shrimp leaded or unleaded -RRB- .
Politicians understandably want to deflect attention from their own misguided policies .
The honest answer -- but one that few voters want to hear -- is that there is no magic bullet .
For now , however , European policymakers seem to prefer to keep escalating the size of bridge loans to the periphery , not wanting to acknowledge that private markets will ultimately require a more durable and sustainable solution .
It does not want to rush , because the US economy is still weak , with first-quarter growth a lackluster 1.8 % .
However , perhaps not wanting to cause problems for his foreign counterparts , Bernanke took a more cautious approach , merely defending the Fed 's policy as the right choice for America .
What European leaders may want most from the Fund are easy loans and strong rhetorical support .
Or perhaps the Commission realizes that the FTT will be dead on arrival , owing to disputes within Europe , and simply wants to gain political capital from an enormously popular proposal .
Europeans do n't want explanations ; they want to be consulted -- to have input into American decision-making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
There is now a solid opposition in Venezuela and less distance between those who rule and those who want to rule .
The opposition 's new leadership also displaced those who wanted to supplant `` populist '' leaders with an anti-political discourse .
The electoral results of November 2008 , and a global financial crisis that has strained Chávez 's ability to pay for his radical policies , may now limit his chances to continue dividing a country whose inhabitants , like most people , want to live in a peaceful and prosperous democracy .
`` We want the Middle East to be prosperous and stable , governed by political dialogue and diplomacy , '' Davutoglu said after a visit to Teheran . `` Iran 's contribution will be very important in bringing this about . ''
We want a cooperative NATO-Russia relationship that produces concrete results and draws NATO and Russia closer together . ''
Indeed , investors increasingly want to hedge against such risks early on .
But the two biggest policy players in the eurozone -- the European Central Bank and the German government -- want no part of that agenda , hoping that a quarter of good GDP data makes a trend .
When you mistrust your financial counterparties , you wo n't want to lend to them , no matter how much money you have .
Because nervous investors do n't want to be last in line in case of a run , a disorderly rush to the exits is likely when official resources are insufficient .
After all , who wants to build offices , stores , and shopping centers in the empty ghost towns that litter the American West ?
The bitter medicine that Germany and the ECB want to impose on the periphery -- the second option -- is recessionary deflation : fiscal austerity , structural reforms to boost productivity growth and reduce unit labor costs , and real depreciation via price adjustment , as opposed to nominal exchange-rate adjustment .
As for Chávez , he does not want to be branded a dictator .
Argentina 's military regime , after all , framed its `` dirty war '' as an offensive against so-called `` terrorists , '' rather than as what it was : wanton , arbitrary persecution of citizens with diverse ideologies and class backgrounds .
In addition , many Sharon supporters , torn by what they saw as the plan 's combination of costs and benefits , stayed home or even voted against it , but still want Sharon as their leader .
But convinced - as are most Israelis - that there is no Palestinian partner ready to negotiate seriously and implement its promises , the prime minister wants to prepare for an extended interim period .
Local Fatah officials want support from their leader , Yassir Arafat , to take firm control of the territory .
To claim otherwise plays into the hands of Hezbollah , Syria , and Iran , which want to define their victory as Hezbollah 's survival .
Many secretly want Israel to crush Hezbollah and rid them of their problem .
Its leaders squabbled , regarding themselves as the sole possible rulers and engaging in wishful thinking that some external factor would hand them whatever they wanted .
Equally significant was the development in the old Islamic party of talented leaders that wanted to break with its backward-looking ways and extremist image .
First , what does the AKP want ?
Only if the post-Arafat movement decides that it really wants a Palestinian state in exchange for ending the conflict with Israel in every respect will there be a real chance of peace .
By contrast , 75 % of Iraq 's population is composed of Shi'a Muslim Arabs , who know that they will control the new regime , and Kurds , who want local autonomy .
Iraqis now are among those allowed to say , write , watch , and listen to whatever they want , whenever they want .
With zero growth and 10 % unemployment , Western Europe 's `` Rhineland model '' is no longer what countries seeking to undertake root-and-branch social and economic reform want to emulate .
It would be a tragedy if those who still want to control the media win by taking their tactics underground , behind closed doors .
The result is a trap in which poverty causes bad governance and bad governance causes poverty -- a two-way spiral downward that can lead to such extreme deprivation that the government , lacking computers , telephones , information systems , and trained civil servants , could n't function honestly even if it wanted to .
Perhaps three-quarters of Israelis and Palestinians are eager for peace and compromise , while a quarter on each side -- often fueled by extreme religious zeal -- wants a complete victory over the other .
Radical Palestinians want to destroy Israel , while radical Israelis demand control over the entire West Bank , through either continued occupation or even -LRB- according to a tiny minority -RRB- a forcible removal of the Palestinian population .
Extreme ideologies influence people when they ca n't feed their families , and when lack of access to family planning leads to an unwanted population explosion .
If donor governments really want results , they should take the money out of the hands of thirty or more separate aid bureaucracies and pool it in one or two places , the most logical being the World Bank in Washington and the International Fund for Agricultural Development -LRB- IFAD -RRB- in Rome .
The truth is that there is big money backing the climate-change deniers , whether it is companies that do n't want to pay the extra costs of regulation , or free-market ideologues opposed to any government controls .
`` I asked my daughter what she wanted to do , '' the father explained , `` and she told me that she wants to stay in school , so she is continuing in school . ''
For their part , emerging economies wanted to change the subject from short-term macroeconomic stimulus and imbalances to longer-term development issues .
Yet , despite these circumstances , one political party wants to gut tax revenues altogether , and the other is easily dragged along , against its better instincts , out of concern for keeping its rich contributors happy .
But they want to follow up their tactical victory -- which postpones the restoration of pre-Bush tax rates for a couple of years -- with a longer-term victory next spring .
They want to slash the budget not by ending the useless war in Afghanistan , and by eliminating unnecessary weapons systems , but by cutting education , health , and other benefits for the poor and working class .
America 's distorted political system gives the rich everything they want in the form of tax cuts , while slashing programs for the poor .
This is particularly important in the case of AIDS , because the spread of drug resistant viruses and the unwanted side-effects of existing medicines , means that new anti-retroviral drugs will be needed to keep treatments effective .
No country wants to be outside of this global process .
Nobody likes to be bullied , and no American wants the US to be frightened or coerced by the brutal and thuggish actions of car bombers .
America wants the world to pledge billions of dollars to Iraq 's reconstruction at a donor 's meeting to be held in October in Madrid .
After the terrorist attacks on the US of September 2001 , it wanted to withdraw troops from Saudi Arabia , and it presumably chose Iraq as its new long-term base of operation .
If the US really wants to undercut terrorism , it must recognize the interconnectedness of extremism , poverty , and environmental degradation , and it will need to understand the struggles for survival that are underway among the poor everywhere .
Brazil must also pay more attention to environmental management , especially in the fragile yet critical Amazon region , if it wants long-term , sustainable economic development .
Moltke wanted to invade and defeat Russia before it was `` too late '' for Germany to triumph .
The Bush administration wanted to fight Saddam Hussein well before the terrorist attacks on the US of September 11 , 2001 , but it could not have gained public support .
Richard Cheney , Donald Rumsfeld , and Paul Wolfowitz wanted war with Saddam all through the 1990 's , and urged `` regime change '' as a policy for President Clinton , who wisely rejected such irresponsible advice .
They wanted to seize control of Iraq 's oil .
They wanted a new `` home base '' in the Middle East if Saudi Arabia soured .
They wanted to protect Israel from Saddam .
Germany and Japan say that they want a permanent seat on the UN Security Council , but neither has yet followed through on its own pledges to help the world 's poorest people .
While a large majority of Iranians want to make amends with the US , for Iran 's hardliners , enmity toward the US has become a central part of the Islamic Republic 's identity . `` If pro-American tendencies come to power in Iran , we have to say goodbye to everything , '' conceded Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati , head of the powerful Guardian Council .
The idiosyncratic beliefs of the schizophrenic are the target of pharmacotherapy , but at the same time they may be a source of personal pride and form a distinct sense of self that the patient wants to preserve .
However , when they saw that Hezbollah had limited demands and wanted Lebanon 's Western-backed coalition to continue to lead the government , they chose to make advantage out of adversity .
Neither Hezbollah nor Amal wanted this .
Even if we wanted to reject what was force-fed in chants or poems like `` Che Comandante , '' it was hard to resist the charm and passion that came from his letters and diaries .
I wanted to sit with him for a beer and a cigarette to talk about his love for chess or his favorite books .
Carney wants to keep patients from purchasing kidneys on the black market and in overseas organ bazaars .
If not , we will continue to face a dual tragedy : on one side , the thousands of patients who die each year for want of a kidney ; on the other side , a human-rights disaster in which corrupt brokers deceive indigent donors about the nature of surgery , cheat them out of payment , and ignore their post-surgical needs .
Obviously , MNEs want the best possible deal for themselves ; but they also want durable contracts that wo n't be repudiated by the next government .
What China wants above all is to prevent North Korea from collapsing , whatever the cause .
We want to welcome this country , as well as Serbia and Montenegro , into our Partnership for Peace program as soon as they meet the relevant criteria , which include full cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia .
Fifth , NATO enlargement and partnership . Although the Istanbul summit was the first to include NATO 's seven new member countries-Bulgaria , Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania , Romania , Slovakia , and Slovenia-we gave a strong signal that the door remains open , and encouraged those who want to join to continue pursuing the reforms needed to make themselves ready for membership .
But it maintains a nineteenth-century notion of sovereignty -- namely , that a country 's national territory , its leaders have an absolute right to do whatever they want without outside `` interference . ''
The incumbent , Chen Shui-bian , has initiated a referendum process that might someday be used to ask Taiwanese if they want to formalize today 's de facto independence .
Ask the party strategists and they will tell you that the financial crisis is a topic for losers ; voters want to hear something positive .
The electorate is experiencing the greatest slump since 1929 like a bad dream that is half over -- and politicians do n't want to wake them up .
So no one in Europe needs to fear that the Czech Republic has some nostalgic or idiosyncratic agenda that it wants to impose on the Union .
To succeed , a multilateral negotiation would also need to address the expectations of foreign operators , who want assurances that their investments are safe .
But , one by one , most of the DPP 's founding fathers all left the party , accusing Chen of corruption and autocratic behavior even within his own party -- which Chen dismissed as sour grapes from people who wanted their share of the political spoils .
Mao wanted to instill obedience by having as many people as possible witness the terror .
But the Obama administration did not want to be tagged as `` socialist '' for nationalizing banks , however temporarily , even though experts such as former US Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker had recommended just that .
What the world wanted was an accurate picture of what the banks were worth and `` mark-to-market '' valuations to guide investors as to how much new capital they needed .
The world also wanted to see the US retaking the high road in reinforcing business ethics and integrity -- so lacking under the last administration .
Once sacrosanct accounting principles have been amended at Wall Street 's behest in order to allow banks to report essentially whatever they want .
But if China wants to raise the military budget to improve the quality of its army , the conflict with the demands of fiscal stability could make military transparency important for domestic reasons , and China might no longer view it as being off limits in its relations with the US .
Indeed , China wants a strong and independent Europe , and from that vantage point it is not too early for China to envisage a truly multi-polar global system .
He simply wants the oligarchs to stick to their sphere of activity and to leave politics to him .
He will hardly want to depend on his siloviki -LRB- those in the Kremlin power structures -RRB- .
Each wants to shape the state to serve its interests alone .
Russia 's political class has ample grounds to be slyly and cynically proud of the system they invented - it guarantees the result it wants .
Few Palestinians expect Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to deliver what they want : a freeze on the construction and expansion of settlements , and the eventual creation of a truly sovereign Palestinian state on contiguous territory .
Many Palestinians view violence as a useful tool in the struggle for independence and do not want to destroy the capability to resort to arms in the future if Israel reneges on its roadmap commitment to end the occupation .
They do not want to deal with the Palestinians , and so are erecting a physical barrier through areas that are now nominally under Palestinian control .
They want to figure out how they can compete with Chinese or Indian workers who have the same , or better , education .
A huge number of elderly people would mean a lot of people wanting to live in certain locations , seeking certain kinds of living quarters , and consuming certain kinds of services .
If everyone is affected by longevity risk in the same way , then no matter what the price of a longevity bond , everyone should logically want to be on the same side of the contracts -- all buyers at one price , all issuers at another .
Twenty years ago , real short-term interest rates were exceptionally high by historical standards because the major central banks of the world wanted to combat what was seen at the time as inaction against spiraling inflation .
Far better , proponents of wage insurance argue , for the training to be carried out by an employer who wants a job done and knows what the employee needs to learn .
Mexicans generally do not want to go to college abroad because they would miss opportunities to form the necessary bonds with other Mexicans .
The cosmopolitan influentials were often uninterested in meeting new people in town ; the locals wanted to know everyone .
What Singh , Lula , and other world leaders really seem to want is to strengthen trust and cooperation even amidst a rapidly changing economy .
Taming `` Speculative Capitalism '' Nicolas Sarkozy , the leading contender in the French presidential election , recently lashed out against what he called `` speculative capitalism , '' and says he wants to `` moralize the financial zone '' created by the euro . What does Sarkozy mean by `` speculative capitalism ? ''
Sarkozy has called free trade `` a policy of naiveté , '' and wants to take a number of steps that would stand in the way of economic globalization .
Although he does want to make the French labor market less rigid , he would block foreign takeover bids of French companies and protect Airbus workers from possible job losses .
He wants the government to subsidize `` personally-delivered service '' jobs , which can not be delivered over the Internet , to encourage the expansion of such jobs instead of `` impersonally-delivered services . ''
People want to believe that the boom will continue , and that their investments in their favorite city are thus special and exciting .
After being lone believers through 2002 , Brazilian stock market participants are now finding that investors from all over the world want to join the party .
Once we have a market price for recession insurance or similar products , the question then arises : will it be so high that few people want to buy ?
As a result , people may balk at the price and not want to buy the insurance .
I hate to say so , not wanting to commit the sin defined by their `` syndrome , '' but this time might be different because all of the modern examples of past crises came during a time when many economists worldwide were extolling the virtues of the `` rational expectations '' model of the economy .
That question is usually not singled out for attention , but it appears spot-on for what we really want to know : what deep anxieties and fears do people have that might inhibit their willingness to spend for a long time .
Citizens in advanced countries just ca n't believe - and do n't want to be told - that their privileged status may be dissipated unless proper steps are taken to insure against the risks they face .
Because both countries want to avoid being blamed for scuttling a global agreement , they will work together to make their modest plans look as substantial as possible and promise to do more after Copenhagen .
What China wants and what it gets may be different things .
The return to Chechnya of an amnestied Zakaev would greatly increase Kadyrov 's prestige . But the Kremlin wants to avoid this , owing to Kadyrov 's growing power and its general unease with a Russian Muslim elite that , while formally acknowledging Russian suzerainty , increasingly demands a redistribution of power within the Russian Federation .
Receiving from the Kremlin virtual carte blanche to do what he wants in Chechnya , Kadyrov made genuine efforts to transform himself into a popular leader .
Yet we knew what we wanted to replace it with -- a system based on modern European democratic market values .
North Africa 's people know what they do n't want -- and wo n't accept .
But they are struggling to identify what they do want , and how to build it .
If your chances of a long lifespan are not good , you might buy more life insurance , or even retire early to have enough time to do what you always wanted to do .
Forcing medical treatment on a competent adult patient who does not want it is tantamount to assault .
Welby should not have been helped to die , they might argue , because he expressly said that he wanted to die , not that he wanted to avoid a burdensome treatment .
The Dutch know how voluntary euthanasia is practiced in their country , they know that legal euthanasia has improved , rather than harmed , their medical care , and they want the possibility of assistance in dying , if they should want and need it .
The disease causes a temporary loss of production , and once foot and mouth disease is established in a country , other countries will prohibit the importation of its meat and dairy products because they do n't want the disease to spread it to their animals .
How can farmers treat them with respect when consumers want cheaper meat and supermarkets are using their immense bargaining power to force producers to use every possible means to cut costs ?
The council wants Port Phillip to be a sustainable community , not merely in an environmental sense , but also in terms of social equity , economic viability , and cultural vitality .
Savulescu , who directs the Uehiro Centre for Practical Ethics at Oxford University and holds degrees in both medicine and bioethics , says that we should drop the ban on performance-enhancing drugs , and allow athletes to take whatever they want , as long as it is safe for them to do so .
But simply wanting this to be the case is not enough .
It then struck a reasonable balance by inviting people who want to learn more about `` the science behind genetics and race '' to attend other upcoming events at the museum .
If we do n't want a small minority to determine our government , we will favor a high turnout .
Still others might vote not because they imagine that they will determine the outcome of the election , but because , like football fans , they want to cheer their team on .
Australians want to be coerced into voting .
You want to donate money to a charity that is working to reduce the toll .
They wanted to make similarly well-informed choices about the charities to which they contributed .
How many people want their lives to be prolonged if they are incontinent , need to be fed by others , can no longer walk , and their mental capacities have irreversibly deteriorated so that they can neither speak nor recognize their children ?
The interests of patients should come first , but when it is dubious that continued treatment is in a patient 's interests and there is no way to find out what the patients wants , or would have wanted , it is reasonable to consider other factors , including the views of the family and the cost to the community .
If life itself is a gift , he said , we are not wronged by being given less than we might want .
No matter how much their directors may want to focus on the diseases that kill the most people , the current system of financial incentives means that if they did so , their shareholders would remove them , or their companies would soon be out of business .
Obama wants the goal to be an 80 % reduction and McCain says 66 % , but , since the next president will leave office no later than 2016 , that difference is irrelevant .
A better objection to IVF is that in a world with millions of orphaned or unwanted children , adoption is a more ethical way of having a child .
Right now , we want to lose weight and we are rationally convinced that this is more important than the pleasure we will get from that extra slice of cake .
If , at a later date , the woman wants to have a child , why should she use the DNA of her earlier , aborted fetus rather than conceiving another fetus in the usual way ?
We discover new things about what people want to do and how they want to connect to each other .
Moreover , thanks to the hard work of Oxfam America and the Publish What You Pay coalition , the law also requires oil and mining companies -- both US and foreign -- that want to raise capital in the US to disclose their payments to the governments of countries in which they operate .
This does not include billions of fish caught illegally nor unwanted fish accidentally caught and discarded , nor does it count fish impaled on hooks as bait .
He found that when people want to quit smoking , they are more likely to succeed if they arrange to lose money should they fail .
If you want your children to be at the top of their class , it helps if you and your partner have the brains to become professors at elite universities .
One of them let her daughter drop out of three different kindergartens , because she did n't want to go to them .
No one wants another drawn-out war like those in Iraq and Afghanistan .
After all , books still in print are likely to be the ones that contain the most up-to-date information , and the ones that people most want to read .
Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much `` what matters '' as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .
Many people assume that rationality is always instrumental : reason can tell us only how to get what we want , but our basic wants and desires are beyond the scope of reasoning .
The problem does not lie with voters , who , in states like Florida , Arizona , and California , have shown that they want farm animals to have better protection than the animal industries typically provide .
`` There are things I did n't want to be involved in , '' he told me .
`` To get apes to do anything you want them to do , you have to dominate them ; you have to manipulate them into performing .
The plot then takes another turn when Caesar becomes too big and aggressive to live in a human home , and is taken to what is supposed to be a primate sanctuary , but is in fact a dumping ground for unwanted apes , run by humans who display cruelty to the captive animals .
Pernicious talk that Arabs do not want democracy has been exposed as the big lie it is .
The great Tunisian poet Abul-Qasim Al Shabi has captured poignantly the spirit of Egypt 's saga : `` If one day the people want life , then fate will arise ... night fade away , chains broken ... '' That , in essence , is what the young in Egypt have done .
Herein lies the core of the dilemma for the US : it wants Egypt 's basic state apparatus to survive , so that the levers of power do not fall into the wrong hands .
So what does the US want ? `` Crippling sanctions , '' Secretary of State Hillary Clinton once said , though she quickly retracted that impromptu remark .
The EU wants to solve this problem by limiting migration for a transition period of up to seven years .
Only people that bureaucrats deign to select are fully included , while others who want to come but are not allowed to do so face discrimination .
If they want to defend the incomes of the unskilled -LRB- or the less motivated -RRB- , they have four options .
If they do not extract it today , they will have to do it in the future if they want to make a profit .
But now Italy seems to have run into trouble again and also wants to weaken the pact .
Two years ago , Ben Bernanke , chairman of the US Federal Reserve , argued that foreigners were buying US securities because they trusted America 's financial supervisory system and wanted to participate in the dynamism of its economy .
The US wanted the Chinese money , but it was not prepared to offer anything more than structured securities of questionable creditworthiness , as well as government paper that is now clearly exposed to the risk of inflation and devaluation .
The Europeans wanted to achieve their goal through , among other means , further environmental protection and more social cohesion -- desirable aims , but certainly not growth strategies .
For many , the answer is obvious : international markets no longer want to finance the `` GIPS . ''
But now the ECB no longer wants to do it , and is urging eurozone members to step in .
To exit this policy , the ECB wants the EU 's Luxembourg rescue facility , EFSF or ESM to take over , and some countries even call for the issuance of eurobonds .
As no West European state wants welfare immigration , and because they are unable to discriminate between nationals and EU immigrants , they will begin to reduce their services .
The good news is that some countries have large savings that they want to invest in other countries , and are not put off by short-run market gyrations .
But the Americans want a `` surge , '' and the US general commanding NATO forces in the country said last month that he needed three more brigades , some 15,000 troops in all , and Gates has asked the Europeans either to send or pay for them .
To be in debt feeds the double temptation of getting what we want as quickly as possible as well as getting `` something for nothing . ''
So today 's output is what people want to produce .
A more sensible view is that today 's economy is not producing as much as it could and that there are many more people who want to work than there are jobs available .
But he underestimated the weight of relative needs , especially as societies got richer , and , of course , the power of advertising to create new wants , and thus induce people to work in order to earn the money to satisfy them .
Labor wants to reduce the House of Lords ' membership by half and hold referenda on making it wholly elected and on changing the voting system .
The Liberal Democrats want MPs to be elected by proportional representation .
The fact that the market system is more efficient at creating wealth and satisfying wants than any other system is an additional bonus .
If people want more pornography or more drugs , the market allows them to consume these goods to the point of self-destruction .
People can decide when to stop consuming or what they want to consume .
We are told that capitalism discovers wants that people did not realize they had and thus moves humanity forward .
The full competition and information requirements ensure that all contracts are uncoerced -LRB- there is no monopoly power -RRB- and all expectations are fulfilled , i.e. , people get what they want .
The solution is not to abolish markets , but to re-moralize wants .
In other words , there can never be involuntary , or unwanted , unemployment .
This reinforces the idea that `` stimulus '' can not do any good , since workers have as much employment as they want .
The classical view of the economy , which Keynes set out to demolish , is not only alive , but in recent years has been dominant , feeding the belief that competitive markets can be left to regulate themselves , will always provide as much employment as is wanted , and are immune to large-scale collapse .
LONDON -- The `` laws of holes '' are as unforgiving as the laws of physics . If you find yourself in a hole and want to get out , the first thing you do is to stop digging .
If you confront a number of holes to fix and want to know which to fix first , you choose the one which poses the greater danger .
It is a difficult balancing act , because Putin can always reclaim the presidency if he believes that his erstwhile protégé wants to dismantle the authoritarian state he has created .
If people want to step off the conveyor belt , they are free to do so .
People would start to enjoy what they have , instead of always wanting more .
Financial services would shrink , because the rich would not always want to become richer .
This is what they want to happen in Egypt , hoping that democracy will not jeopardize Egypt 's peace treaty with Israel .
If we want to hold fast to any vision of progress , this is an indispensable role , and only America can play it today .
It is natural for opposition politicians to want to exploit a government 's difficulties to win power .
So the challenge now is to formulate policies to provide work for all who want it in economies that , as currently organized , may not be able to do so .
A classic example is the way that `` family '' has replaced `` marriage '' in public discourse , with the implication that all `` lifestyles '' are equally valuable , despite the fact that most people persist in wanting to get married .
Neither Russia nor China , of course , would be invited to join : indeed , McCain wants to exclude Russia from the G8 .
One can not imagine India or Brazil wanting to be part of any such a combination .
While the former wanted a revolution , the latter demanded only -- but no less audaciously -- that the authorities obey the law .
For surplus countries that want to accumulate reserves , it would reduce exchange-rate risk .
After all , what responsible public body wants to be accused of violating human rights ?
The constitutional debate in the next several months should focus on these major questions : why and how Europe 's peoples want to live together .
Their leaders can scarcely hold their tongues , so badly do they want a Kerry victory .
In the United States , there has been no energy debate at the federal level for a long time ; the European Union is in the eye of a financial hurricane ; and the emerging countries want to maintain rapid economic growth in order to lift millions out of poverty .
If we want to make progress on global governance problems we will have to work together on getting through this economic crisis and on other essential issues , such as nuclear non-proliferation .
If the US and other world powers want to make headway on their three key objectives -- stability , political reform , and peace -- they need to understand how they are linked and pursue all three simultaneously and holistically .
In 1999 , Turkey did not want to become an accession candidate , because its leaders thought that the conditions would be too tough .
Or public spending : all European leaders adamantly want to reduce government spending .
Indeed , through much of the Cold War , de Gaulle appeared to want to avoid having to choose sides between the United States and the Soviet Union .
Sarkozy nowadays acts more in harmony with the US , NATO , and the European Union , but does so because he wants to be a world leader .
Perhaps if Soderbergh 's two-part Che epic succeeds at the box office , his financial backers will want to film a more truthful sequel .
One should also consider why anyone wants to become a judge .
Aspiring judicial candidates usually want to `` clean up '' society .
If Americans want to preserve their privileged position , they must not use it to dictate to the rest of the world , but for the well being of others .
Americans can not do anything they want , but little can be done without US leadership or active participation .
I want to shout : `` Wake up America .
If it is freedom and democracy that are wanted , they can be fostered only by strengthening international law and international institutions .
America can not do whatever it wants , as the Iraqi debacle has demonstrated ; but , at the same time , nothing much can be achieved in the way of international cooperation without US leadership , or at least active participation .
To achieve the reforms of the budget process that it wants , the US will need to lead the way in persuading the other permanent members of the Council to give the General Assembly a greater role in the process .
The reason democratic politics leads to manipulation is that politicians do not aspire to tell the truth . They want to win elections , and the best way to do that is to skew reality to their own benefit .
People want to return to business as usual -- and to think of the Crash of 2008 as a bad dream .
Germans do n't feel so rich anymore , so they do n't want to continue serving as the deep pocket for the rest of Europe .
Germany can not be blamed for wanting a strong currency and a balanced budget , but as the strongest and most creditworthy country , it is unwittingly imposing its deflationary policies on the rest of the eurozone .
Roma want to and can integrate if they are given the opportunity , as my foundation 's programs have shown .
There is a good reason for this : Germany does not want to pay for recapitalizing French banks .
To implement them , we must first overcome the objections of market fundamentalists who want to eliminate or downsize the IMF .
The strength of the WTO lies in its enforcement mechanism which states are willing to accept because they want the benefits of trade .
The protesters who want to `` sink or shrink '' the WTO would destroy the goose that lays the golden eggs .
Pacifists want to understand war as a lawless condition that should be abolished .
Put bluntly , large and profitable financial institutions will find a way to get the regulatory system they want -- one that is compatible with a highly profitable trading super-structure that goes beyond the requirements of hedging and seeks to maximize short-term gains .
If the EU wants a monetary union in which sovereign debt is relatively homogenous with respect to risk , fiscal discipline must be similarly homogenous .
Designing that system will be an important part of achieving the high-return investment and expanded consumption that Chinese leaders want -- and that China 's economy needs .
But they clearly express the changes that Europe has witnessed over the past half-century , changes for the good that all Czechs now want to secure for themselves , having been denied the fruits of European peace and prosperity for so long .
For no one should be mistaken : there are alternatives to European integration - all of them bad , unwanted , and dangerous .
No one would want Mexico to add to that total , or to witness the emergence of serious anti-democratic tendencies .
Their response is always : `` Yes , but we want to believe that there is a Japanese people . '' They even have a field of study devoted to examining what it means to be Japanese .
Politicians want to respond to their constituents ' legitimate concerns , but do not know what to do .
It was always clear that the timing of America 's departure from Iraq might not be its choice -- unless it wanted to violate international law once again .
Indeed , the efforts to rescue them devoted so little thought to the kind of post-crisis financial system we want that we will end up with a banking system that is less competitive , with the large banks that were too big too fail even larger .
When the ATM machine says , `` insufficient funds , '' the government does n't want this to mean that the bank , rather than your account , is out of money , so it intervenes before the till is empty .
But many developing countries have just emerged from being overburdened with debt ; they do not want to go through that again .
Of course , anyone who wanted to could have seen American households ' growing indebtedness , which would have gone a long way toward correcting the false impression of success given by the GDP statistic .
Nobody wants them , so they get passed around .
Firms that wanted to do the right thing , to spend the money to reduce their emissions , now worry that doing so would put them at a competitive disadvantage as others continue to emit without restraint .
Saudi Arabia also has a bilateral and multilateral surplus : Americans want its oil , and Saudis want fewer US products .
The Fed has bought more than $ 1 trillion of mortgages , the value of which will fall when the economy recovers -- which is precisely why no one in the private sector wants to buy them .
But banks want to short-circuit these procedural safeguards .
After all , in globalized financial markets , money looks for the best prospects around the world , and these prospects are in Asia , not the US . So the money wo n't go where it 's needed , and much of it will wind up where it 's not wanted -- causing further increases in asset and commodity prices , especially in emerging markets .
Banks never wanted to admit to their bad loans , and now they do n't want to recognize the losses , at least not until they can adequately recapitalize themselves through their trading profits and the large spread between their high lending rates and rock-bottom borrowing costs .
Government plays a central role in financing the services that people want , like education and health care .
Around the world , we have underutilized resources -- people who want to work , machines that lie idle , buildings that are empty -- and huge unmet needs : fighting poverty , promoting development , and retrofitting the economy for global warming , to name just a few .
There is a consensus , for instance , on sound fiscal and monetary policies : no one wants to return to the hyperinflation of earlier decades .
But donor countries want to see the money they give to finance schools or health clinics spent on schools and health clinics ; they do n't want to see it added to a nation 's reserves .
If a state owned enterprise in Latin America wants to borrow to make an investment , in Latin America such borrowing is treated as an addition to the deficit .
I want to debunk the idea that it is possible both to achieve the war 's ends and benefit the economy .
The IMF did not want Russia to devalue , and it provided billions of dollars to prop up the exchange rate .
Immanuel Kant , with his categorical imperative , provided the philosophical foundations for those who wanted an alternative basis for ethics than that provided by religious aphorisms .
More recently , oil companies have demonstrated little conscience in providing money that feeds guerrilla movements -- so long as their own interests are preserved . When , in Angola , one brave firm , BP , wanted to do the right thing by trying to make sure that oil royalties actually go to the government , rather than to corrupt officials , other oil companies refused to go along .
In each instance , when the world 's collective decision differed from what America wanted , President Bush insisted that America get its way .
After blaming each other for the breakdown , America and Europe will continue to insist in 2004 that they want to restart the development round .
The laws of economics , they assert , ensure that in the long run there will be jobs for everyone who wants them , so long as government does not interfere in market processes by setting minimum wages or ensuring job security , or so long as unions do n't drive up wages excessively .
Lenders provide money when times are good , but want their money back when , say , energy prices plummet .
Most importantly , Bush did not ask the hard questions - perhaps because he , like those below him , already knew the answers they wanted .
Before the invasion of Iraq , they wanted America to go to the UN , and today they recognize that America alone can not maintain order in the Middle East .
But they do not want America alone to shoulder the burdens of international peace , and they are gradually coming to the realization that leadership and cooperation do not come automatically , simply because America is the only superpower .
Wolfensohn meant it when he said that he wanted to put the country in the driver 's seat , though not everyone within the Bank was as enthusiastic about this -LRB- or some of his other -RRB- initiatives .
The developing world understandably does not want to sacrifice its growth for a global public good , especially when the United States , the richest country in the world , seems unwilling to sacrifice even a little of its luxurious life style .
Indeed , Bolton even wanted to eliminate any reference to the MDG .
More accurately , tax cuts were what Wall Street wanted , and financial professionals were willing to accept any argument that served that purpose .
They exist because Wall Street and the other financial centers around the world wanted safe-havens , protected from regulations and taxes .
During his campaign , Morales made clear his intention to increase state control over national gas and oil . But he had made it equally clear that he did not intend to expropriate the property of energy firms -- he wanted foreign investors to stay .
But if China wants a dynamic innovation system , it should resist pressure by Western governments to adopt the kind of unbalanced intellectual property laws that are being demanded .
It 's easy to see why the US and Europe want to stick to business as usual , but such a deal would amount to a wasted opportunity .
One concrete action that should be taken at Bali is support for the initiative of the Rainforest Coalition , a group of developing countries that want help to maintain their forests . These countries are providing environmental services for which they have not been compensated .
Not wanting to reintroduce a draft , and finding it difficult to recruit for an unpopular war , troops have been forced into two , three , or four stress-filled deployments .
It has always been unfair to demonize the Taiwanese merely for wanting what most people around the world take for granted : to uphold their basic human rights and way of life , including the right to decide through a democratic process their own future .
Of course , Taiwan under President Ma still wants the same rights that it desired under Chen .
What people in Taiwan want is nothing more and nothing less than acknowledgement that they can decide their own future .
President Bush wants Congress to fund $ 5 billion of assistance over three years to the world 's poorest countries .
Berlusconi 's Silent Majority Economic Policy , April 2001 , www.economic-policy.org -RRB- , of those who answered or had an opinion , 51 % in Italy wanted a smaller welfare state -- i.e. , they thought that the government should reduce taxes while at the same time cutting pensions and other transfers to households .
The economic policy platform of the center-left coalition seemed neither convincing nor credible for those who wanted less government intervention and lower taxes .
What these newly influential voters want is clear : less immigration , crackdowns on crime , more economic opportunities , but also more protection against economic risk and international competition .
I think this view is too optimistic , because I suspect that the government wants to finance its new expenditure with a tax hike .
First of all , it wants to spread the wealth by pursuing a new model of regional integration through energy and infrastructure .
Some want that partnership to include trade in advanced weaponry -- witness the recent push to remove the EU 's 15-year-old ban on arms sales to China .
Her overwhelming triumph has vindicated her belief that ordinary Bangladeshis want a secular and stable future for their country -- one that , in contrast to Pakistan , is characterized by warm relations with their giant neighbor , India .
Moreover , does anyone , for example , want to see China return to the years of bloody warlordism of the early twentieth century ?
All three of Somaliland 's parties contesting the forthcoming election are adamant about wanting recognition of the region 's independence , which was confirmed overwhelmingly by a referendum in 2001 .
The Chagossians want to return to the outer islands of the Chagos archipelago .
A separate but simultaneous vote in the oil-rich province of Abyei will allow voters to choose if they want to join the North or South .
The Indians want faster liberalization of the textile and clothing trades ; the EU wants better enforcement of intellectual - property protection .
Yet neither India nor the EU wants their friendship to be part of an anti-China axis .
What Ahmedinejad appears to want are bargaining chips to secure the release of 6 Iranians who were aiding the Iraqi insurgency before being captured by the US .
Kim Jong-il is a naughty boy who wants attention and incentives to behave decently .
Even if the regime does want to begin talking , sustaining a dialogue will be no easier than has been the case with North Korea .
But , taken together , these cancellations make clear that even a US administration that wants to engage more with Asia may still find itself preoccupied with domestic priorities , especially this year , as mid-term elections approach .
If you reply that the girls who want to wear headscarves to school are n't living in Nigeria or Saudi Arabia , and almost certainly do n't share the extreme Wahhabi views found in those countries , you will be met with a look of almost indulgent pity , a look of the type reserved for the terminally naïve .
If we want Europe to be more legitimate , we must explain how to tie these two dimensions of power .
Indeed , it is just what the terrorists want -- a cause that would rally all Pakistanis to the flag and provide Pakistan 's army an excuse to abandon the unpopular fight against the Taliban and Al-Qaeda in the west for the more familiar terrain of the Indian border in the east .
What they want , after all , is a share of the glory .
When the generals suppressed the popular uprising of 1988 , nullified the overwhelming election victory by Aung San Suu Kyi 's National League for Democracy -LRB- NLD -RRB- in 1990 , shot students , and arrested the newly-elected leaders , India 's government initially reacted as most Indians would have wanted .
When Pakistan 's President , Pervez Musharraf traveled to Myanmar to celebrate his country 's new relationship with his fellow generals , India 's Foreign Minister Jaswant Singh soon followed .
If China wants to build a new six-lane expressway , it can bulldoze its way through any village in its path . In India , if you want to widen a two-lane road , you could be tied up in court for a dozen years over compensation entitlements .
Because pharmaceutical companies want their drug to work , they are rarely interested in studying what to do if it is ineffective .
Yes , the Americans want Mubarak to leave -- and quickly .
When the IAEA announced it wanted to inspect a suspected enrichment cascade within the Revolutionary Guards complex at Lavizan-Shian , Iran 's government stalled for months until it could raze the site .
And while no one wants to be a victim , many people nowadays want to have been a victim : they aspire to victim status .
But Colombia does not seem to want continuity at any price ; instead it now appears to favor moderate revision of what Uribe has built over the past decade .
Mockus was mayor of Bogota and Fajardo mayor of Medellin , and both want to shift the government 's main priority from internal security to strengthening the rule of law , education , science and technology , productivity , and SOUND public finances .
Now , ordinary Lusakans want to cook similar meals in their own homes , driving demand for farmers who produce such delicacies as dried pumpkin , `` black jack '' leaves , and fresh Okra .
They want to enjoy the game , rather than sit in the company of their male relatives , oblivious to what 's happening on the pitch .
Sometimes what Africa needs is more common sense and people who - unlike African 's powerful `` Big Men '' - are willing to set aside their pride and ask simple questions that others do n't want to face .
Ironically , this is happening at a moment when the Fund should want to be lending : it is awash in liquidity and has almost no sources of income other than repayment of its loans .
In relations with the US and EU , Putin wants to boost Russia 's status .
Putin , among other things , is a combative nationalist , and he wants Russia to succeed in a world of competing powers .
Putin wants to finish the job , and much works in his favor . He is the tsar .
Both want Russia to complete its accession to the World Trade Organization .
And Putin wants even more : a `` Eurasian Schengen '' -LRB- free movement of people among the three countries , built on the example of the European Union -RRB- by 2015 , followed by a currency union and , ultimately , full economic integration .
Indeed , Putin wants to restructure Russia 's relations with the former Soviet states to create not merely a bigger market , but eventually an economic bloc-cum-security alliance .
In his ruthless judgment , those who want the USSR back `` have no brains . ''
Prior to Motherland 's sensational victory in the 2003 general election , Rogozin wanted the post of minister of foreign affairs .
Either intuitively or rationally , people feel that Rogozin , like Saakashvili , wants to assume the main post , is prepared to do so , and would start solving the state 's territorial problems immediately .
The government may want to arrest me . Indeed , I was arrested for treason even before the election .
The people of Zimbabwe want constitutional change , legal change , legitimate change , and they are going to obtain it in spite of all the obstacles .
So far , the government does not want to let control over these firms get into private hands .
Instead , the ideals for which we struggled appear as slogans invoked by those who want to protect their vested interests .
To escape from want we are told we must embrace illegality .
True , Ukrainians rightly feel like citizens of a normal , independent country , and want to be treated that way .
But this does not mean we want to bury history and our historic ties .
We recognize , of course , that few of even the most fervent supporters of European integration want to help Ukraine quickly become a member .
At the same time , Russia wants to cater to other markets , notably along its eastern frontier .
Yes , these are dark times , and all politicians want to protect their voters .
He is free to do what he wants - free to betray state priorities , free to crush the life of every Ukrainian ; free to hand out bits and pieces of the national economy to the favored few who do his bidding .
No , Kuchma wants to change Ukraine 's constitution for no other reason than to maintain his grip on power .
So , instead of retiring gracefully , as presidents from Bill Clinton to Boris Yeltsin routinely do , Kuchma wants to change the constitution in order to become an all-powerful prime minister who will never face a limit on the length of his term .
Unable to assure himself of a tame presidential successor , Kuchma wants what he calls a `` parliamentary republic '' with a weak president and powerful prime minister .
Dmitri Likhachev , one of Russia 's most respected intellectuals in the communist era , said that there is no such thing as the Russian soul ; `` we can create whatever future we want . ''
Ukraine and Russia , too , can create the future they want , but not by closing themselves off in a `` united economic space '' that , in reality , is nothing more than another dark corner .
Groucho Marx once famously quipped that he did not want to join any club that would have him as a member .
One reason for this is that the EU does not want to pick a fight with Russia , which still sees us as its close ally , natural business partner , and as members of an enlarging Russian-led economic zone .
In the EU , only Poland seems to want Ukraine as a prosperous , stable , and accessible neighbor , not as a poor and rickety one with a dodgy democracy and even dodgier nuclear power stations .
But , that battle for our freedom having been imposed upon us , we will not be found wanting in either courage or resolve .
Although educational possibilities and structures have gradually been diversified , the major shortcoming of most European educational systems remains : students have too few choices , and teachers , if they want to remain in their profession , must adhere to a severely compartmentalized pedagogy .
At GAIN , we are convinced that there is an urgent need to fight malnutrition if the world wants to achieve the United Nations ' Millennium Development Goals , which commit the world to halving global poverty and hunger by 2015 .
This is the country that scholars study when they want to understand financial crises .
If the G-20 wants to play a major role in the post-crisis global decision-making process , the issue of legitimacy vis-à-vis the smaller emerging countries needs to be addressed now .
In 2001 , then-US Ambassador to Haiti Dean Curran publicly and explicitly linked the withholding of IDB loans to the demand that Haiti 's political parties reach a compromise that America wanted .
Fourth , Germany will not always want to play ball .
No official wants to fight corruption because they are themselves corrupt .
If you do n't want your son drafted into the army , pay off a military registrar and he will cross your son 's name off the list or bribe a doctor to file an `` unfit for military duty '' certificate .
He wants to come back , to revisit all that he has left behind , in the meantime helping his nation to become economically strong , technically advanced , and prosperous .
Even if Schröder wants to push for reform , his political position will make such efforts difficult .
Unless you want restrictions , unless you want a bigger role for the government ... This is America , democracy , freedom of speech , freedom of assembly , the freedom to petition your government .
We want to infect you with the dream that anyone can become part of a new movement with the potential to change the world of education . This movement can redefine forever how knowledge is created and used .
Specific `` how to '' advice is what Kim wants from China .
Other governments want to protect the profits of favored companies .
But governments in developing countries are often accustomed to controlling all aspects of their economies and tend not to want regulators to promote competition .
He will not want Malaysia to fall far behind .
Still , despite all the changes , when foreign commentators nowadays want to spice up a China piece with a literary allusion , Orwell remains the seasoning of choice .
Of course , there are moments when China 's leaders do seem like people who know that they are succeeding and want others to acknowledge it .
These structural features fit well with Chinese merchants , who did not want to see their companies grow so large that they attracted official attention .
What formalities must customers complete if they want to open an account in another EU country ?
Not only does it want to use the opportunity to test the `` reset '' policy with Russia , but it also sees the OSCE as an important component of a longer-term strategy to bring stability and good governance to Eurasia , as the OSCE was in Central Europe .
An interesting issue would arise if some countries wanted to act , but others did not .
Whereas advocates of abolishing nuclear weapons wanted his administration to employ a zero-based approach to nuclear planning , with the burden of proof on those seeking to retain nuclear weapons to fulfill essential military functions , the NPR presumes the continuation of current nuclear roles and missions unless convincing arguments exist to end them .
Some argue that the Taliban , eager to return to power , would want to reconcile with the international community or at least prevent further Western military strikes .
US policymakers in particular wanted to take advantage of the ongoing surge in NATO combat forces in Afghanistan -- which reached 150,000 in August , of which some two-thirds were American -- to shake Taliban commanders ' conviction that they were winning the war .
Above all , they want the US to sign a legally binding agreement affirming that US BMD will never threaten Russia 's strategic deterrent .
Many business interests with job-creating capacity want the continuation of market-oriented reforms begun a decade ago -LRB- which produced impressive growth rates -RRB- , but support broadening prosperity and rooting out corruption .
During a 2008 campaign stop , for instance , then-candidate Barack Obama spoke in alarmed tones about the threat that such academic competition poses to US competitiveness . `` If we want to keep on building the cars of the future here in America , '' he declared , `` we ca n't afford to see the number of PhDs in engineering climbing in China , South Korea , and Japan even as it 's dropped here in America . ''
India and China are notorious for the legal and bureaucratic obstacles they place in front of Western universities that want to set up satellite campuses catering to local students .
For example , some countries want to develop smaller and `` usable '' nuclear weapons designed for pre-emptive or preventive military action .
The New York-based management wanted the Palestinians and Israelis to portray each other in a humanizing way .
Rather than focus on creating scenarios that showed Israelis -- even Israeli kids -- in a positive light , they wanted to focus on showing Palestinian culture in a positive light , portraying Palestinian youths as role models , and providing images to kids that offered alternatives to violence .
One quote from a Palestinian TV production team member stayed with me : `` This is a shotgun wedding , '' he explained when he was advocating for a Palestine-only Sesame Street . `` And we want a divorce . ''
The Palestinian team is utterly indistinguishable , superficially , from their European or Israeli counterparts : they are hip , young , talented , sophisticated , and more than anything they want to work to create a positive environment for their kids -- or at least a psychological respite from the reality of occupation , violence , and war .
Overwhelmingly , anonymity serves institutions that do not want to prosecute rapists or sexual harassers .
When even the 9\/11 commissioners renounce their own conclusions -LRB- because they were based on evidence derived from torture -RRB- , is it surprising that many want a second investigation ?
All it means is that , if we want to live harmoniously with another species in our most intimate places , we must recognize that some of the time our preferred modes of reasoning are not theirs .
They mistakenly see the European Constitution as one more challenge , at a time when they want to be nursed and protected .
This is why economists want to change the unemployment and welfare systems to raise the incentives to go back to work .
Successful experience notwithstanding , most people interpret `` incentives '' as painful kicks in the butt , and they want none of it .
Members of Fatah 's Central Committee are already accusing Abbas of supporting Israel in the fighting , of wanting to `` return to Gaza on an Israeli tank . ''
Although most do not support Pakistan 's Pervez Musharraf , Egypt 's Hosni Mubarak , or the al-Saud family , they see hypocrisy in Western criticism of these leaders that is designed to manipulate and marginalize -- after all , the West does not really want to push these regimes too far .
Like other young people around them , they want to be the agents of their own destiny .
America , they believe , only wants a democracy that suits its interests .
This leads to an unavoidable dilemma : Bush will have to choose between supporting democracy and backing those who want to fight Islamic radicalism .
But the truly curious factor that might bring success to Bush is that those who have opposed or resented America 's presence in Iraq , such as the Iranian-backed Shi'a parties now also appear to want Bush 's new strategy to succeed .
Of course , no one wants to break budgets or create dependency .
But healing Lebanon 's wounds requires finding the means to offer alienated Shia what they want and need most , and not what outsiders think they should want or need .
As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh 's hands . Saleh wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue his wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .
Saleh 's dilemma is that Western aid may now come with increased interference in Yemen 's internal affairs at a time when he wants the world to turn a blind eye to his conduct of the country 's civil wars .
The US and Britain , both patrons of the GCC , must encourage its members to include Yemen if they want to solve its problems . Yemenis are known as skilled labourers .
More importantly , their way will ultimately achieve the type of dignity that people really want , as opposed to the unending wars of terror to rebuild the caliphate that Bin Laden promised .
The US government does not need to be convinced about that , but the American people -- and ordinary Iraqis -- want to see the troops go home .
No Iraqi political faction wants to be blamed for prolonging the occupation , but most , with the exception of Muqtada al-Sadr 's movement , will agree to extend America 's military presence by another five years .
So the Saudi and Sunni Gulf rulers want to keep US military forces in Iraq partly in order to keep the country down .
Their leaders want to rescue the state , not raze it .
The growing calls of some state officials to deal with economic crime are viewed by the business community as both a mockery of the legal code and a veiled threat that the prosecutors want their cut of Russia 's riches .
Of course , Vladimir Putin had already put in place a treaty between Russia 's government and the country 's richest men , who agreed not to comment on the actions of the state in exchange for the freedom to earn as much money as possible in any way they wanted .
And if a well-placed official wanted to enter into a successful business , refusals were not accepted .
That is the kind of friend I want at my side , not one who automatically approves of whatever I do , declares his love for me , and accepts me as I am .
But , despite past US administrations ' opportunity to make their influence felt , they preferred to permit Israel , an allied , friendly state , to do what it wanted .
The Nazis did not kill the Jews because they wanted their territory -- the Jews had none ; or because the Jews were followers of a rival religious faith -- the Nazis and their henchmen were atheists and enemies of all religion .
The Nazis looked at Jews as a strain of `` microbes , '' and it was for this reason that they wanted to destroy them so brutally and meticulously .
For your own reasons that have nothing to do with our struggle , you encourage the extremism of Hamas , thus provoking Israel 's violent reaction , aggravating our suffering , and pushing back the solution that we all want .
But when the North Korean regime realized that smile diplomacy did not get it whatever it was they wanted , the country 's rulers shifted back to hostility .
After all , they achieved what they wanted in defiance of enormous international pressure , and even succeeded in transferring nuclear technology to Syria several years ago without being punished .
Assad knows that the election of a president who bolsters Lebanon 's sovereignty and independence would make Syria 's return difficult -- and Assad , as even his allies privately admit , wants nothing less .
But a political vacuum in Lebanon only makes violence more likely , which Hezbollah does n't want .
But , as the Saudis also want Syria to be included in King Abdullah 's regional peace plan , and with the US planning to hold a regional peace conference in November , they are not looking for an open-ended confrontation with Assad .
Their compatriots in Sierra Leone also want to know what will happen now that they , too , have won the commodities lottery : last year , the country struck oil and discovered one of the largest iron-ore deposits in the world .
Namibia 's President Sam Nujoma complains that the West wants to impose its decadent sexual values on Africa through the guise of gay tolerance .
He does n't want to be pigeon-holed , after all , as `` the president of Africa . ''
Like his predecessors , George W. Bush and Bill Clinton , Obama wants to avoid messy entanglements in Africa 's internal politics .
Nkhoma wants this dream of global technocrats to become a reality for her fellow Malawians .
The sudden influx of Chinese and Indian technologies represents the `` browning '' of African technology , which has long been the domain of `` white '' Americans and Europeans who want to apply their saving hand to African problems .
Moreover , Zuma has been called a chameleon , accused of telling his audiences what they want to hear .
China , by contrast , sees its growth as tied to a stable currency , and may not want to introduce a more flexible exchange-rate regime , even after the 2.1 % revaluation in July , pending alleviation of structural problems for which it is extremely difficult to set a timetable .
The conventional wisdom is that China does n't want to lose North Korea as a buffer between it and the US military in South Korea .
At the end of my narrative , I invite readers to consider fundamental strategies of resisting and challenging unwanted social influences , and I introduce the notion of `` the banality of heroism . ''
If banks and financial institutions find it difficult to recapitalize -LRB- i.e. , issue new equity -RRB- , it is because investors are uncertain about the value of the assets in their portfolios and do not want to overpay .
Since we do not have time for Chapter 11 proceedings and we do not want to bail out all the creditors , the lesser evil is to do what judges do in contentious and overextended bankruptcy processes : impose a restructuring plan on creditors , with part of the debt forgiven in exchange for equity or warrants .
Do we want to live in a system where profits are private , but losses are socialized , where taxpayer money is used to prop up failed firms ?
Or do we want to live in a system where people are held accountable for their decisions , where imprudent behavior is penalized and prudent behavior rewarded ?
If a major oil spill in Haiti were threatening the Gulf of Mexico , would n't we want the best technology -LRB- and not just the technology available in Haiti -RRB- to try to contain it ?
If we want to intervene on pay in addition to -LRB- not instead of -RRB- reforming capital requirements , the most effective way is a variation of the tax imposed by former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown : a special tax on all compensation above a certain threshold that is not paid in stock .
My fear is that politicians want to be perceived as tough on bankers , but have no interest in really fixing the problem .
