The trouble with Annan is that , when similar perils loomed , he proved especially wanting .
In his time , Soviet President Leonid Brezhnev was ridiculed for only being interested in concealing bad news and not wanting to remedy problems .
Therefore , those wanting to stop the slide into an unnecessary and risky war must make their own argument about credibility .
And what about people whose reason for wanting to die is not related to their medical condition at all ?
When we do get it , we quickly raise the bar , wanting still more .
The Treaty will be essential not only to the proper functioning of Europe 's institutions , but also to their further `` deepening '' -- something that many call for without necessarily really wanting to achieve .
The third test whether every non-military option has been explored and found wanting .
There is nothing wrong with wanting heroes in science , but we should understand the criteria used to select those whom we are asked to revere .
Generals everywhere are mocked for wanting to fight new wars the same way they fought the last one .
In the Ixtoc case , using such methods , Pemex -LRB- wanting to keep the loss figure low -RRB- estimated the spill to amount to a little under a half-million tons .
But there is interest in the Netherlands , and some Poles bizarrely suspect the Dutch of wanting to take over the country .
The survey also showed that although China 's government ruled out universal suffrage in the 2007 and 2008 elections , over 40 % of respondents still wanted democracy by then , with nearly 20 % more wanting it by the next round of elections in 2011 and 2012 .
The Poles demanded communism with a human face , and the Hungarians , after Imre Nagy sought to reform communism , ended up wanting no communism at all .
Yet this does n't explain why these poorer immigrants remain religious ; wanting to succeed US-style , they should want to be quick to `` assimilate . ''
Why should anyone in Pakistan believe that the West is serious in wanting to sustain that country as a Muslim democratic state ?
In the short run , though , the world is engaged in a gigantic game of passing the parcel , with no country wanting to take the habitual exporters ' goods and their capital surpluses .
And , lo and behold , France , which is scheduled to ratify the Constitution by a referendum on May 29 , gives the impression of wanting to vote against it .
For now , however , European policymakers seem to prefer to keep escalating the size of bridge loans to the periphery , not wanting to acknowledge that private markets will ultimately require a more durable and sustainable solution .
However , perhaps not wanting to cause problems for his foreign counterparts , Bernanke took a more cautious approach , merely defending the Fed 's policy as the right choice for America .
A huge number of elderly people would mean a lot of people wanting to live in certain locations , seeking certain kinds of living quarters , and consuming certain kinds of services .
I hate to say so , not wanting to commit the sin defined by their `` syndrome , '' but this time might be different because all of the modern examples of past crises came during a time when many economists worldwide were extolling the virtues of the `` rational expectations '' model of the economy .
But simply wanting this to be the case is not enough .
People would start to enjoy what they have , instead of always wanting more .
A classic example is the way that `` family '' has replaced `` marriage '' in public discourse , with the implication that all `` lifestyles '' are equally valuable , despite the fact that most people persist in wanting to get married .
One can not imagine India or Brazil wanting to be part of any such a combination .
Germany can not be blamed for wanting a strong currency and a balanced budget , but as the strongest and most creditworthy country , it is unwittingly imposing its deflationary policies on the rest of the eurozone .
Not wanting to reintroduce a draft , and finding it difficult to recruit for an unpopular war , troops have been forced into two , three , or four stress-filled deployments .
It has always been unfair to demonize the Taiwanese merely for wanting what most people around the world take for granted : to uphold their basic human rights and way of life , including the right to decide through a democratic process their own future .
All three of Somaliland 's parties contesting the forthcoming election are adamant about wanting recognition of the region 's independence , which was confirmed overwhelmingly by a referendum in 2001 .
But , that battle for our freedom having been imposed upon us , we will not be found wanting in either courage or resolve .
Members of Fatah 's Central Committee are already accusing Abbas of supporting Israel in the fighting , of wanting to `` return to Gaza on an Israeli tank . ''
