But the new leadership wants to distinguish between al-Qaeda terrorists and religious conservatives and disillusioned Pashtun youth within Pakistan . After all , the victory of the secular Awami National Party -LRB- ANP -RRB- in Pakistan 's North-West Frontier Province is a strong indication that people there have rejected religious political forces and violence .
In this context , the army , seeking to avoid sole responsibility for reverses , wants a popular government to take charge of policy . No such government can emerge if the elected parties are unseated .
Assad wants nothing more than to see this affair forgotten -- and the proponents of dialogue think that they can give him what he wants in the hope of breaking Syria 's alliance with Iran .
Abbas also wants weapons in only one set of hands -- those of the Palestinian Authority .
Fatah , which runs the West Bank , wants no part of another Palestinian uprising .
If Europe wants to work less , it must be extraordinarily productive when it does work if it is to keep up with the hard-working Americans .
If Europe wants to play a more active role in international affairs it must become a military power : the US spends about 4 % of its GDP more than Europe for military purposes .
Combine this with the generous retirement rules that were designed in the 1970 's , when the post-war baby-boomers were just about to join the labor market and the welfare state seemed to be free of budget constraints , and you create an entitlement that no one wants to tinker with .
Berlusconi 's interest is clear : he wants someone he can call and ask to look after Italy 's interests - be it a forbidden government loan to Alitalia or some other favor .
Not only does North Korea show little interest in holding another session of the six-party talks that the Bush administration and the other participants are calling for ; it now wants to ban the Japanese from participating .
Despite anti-American sentiments among some South Koreans , a majority of the country 's people wants American forces to remain as a stabilizing force .
As we can now see , the Social Committee For the Moral Revival of the Fatherland wants to be among the managers .
A deputy from the CHP , the staunchly Kemalist People 's Republican Party , Muharrem ?nce , who opposed the reopening of the Halki Seminary became angry . `` Do you know who most wants to open the seminary in this country , '' he loudly asked .
The very downstream access Gazprom wants in Europe is the EU 's trump card .
Putin 's real problem is that Khodorkovsky is too powerful and independent for the straitened politics he wants .
If Putin wants to save his own skin , he must act fast and sack his top KGB aides in the Kremlin and the Prosecutor General .
Putin is too jealous of power to delegate . Because he wants to make all decisions , he replaced a strong prime minister and chief of staff with two men unable to make decisions .
Putin , however , wants nothing of the kind .
Even now , in the midst of an inflationary crisis , the NBU wants to move in small steps , evidently failing to grasp the severity of the crisis .
The Kremlin wants a new strategic arms control agreement , but the siloviki desire nothing more .
The US also wants progress on the territorial integrity of former Soviet states , such as Georgia , but that , too , is unlikely .
No one wants to see the streets of Damascus consumed in protest , or a violent confrontation erupt between protesters and security forces .
At the heart of the EU , France wants to play its part in a collective effort that is fast becoming a major issue for us all .
Indeed , Prime Minister Wen Jiabao has declared that he wants to see more `` scientific development '' in China 's approach to its problems , and even called for a temporary halt of the Salween -LRB- Nu -RRB- River dam .
Lebanon is too vulnerable to pressure from Syria and Iran , neither of which wants to see their local clients relieve the Israelis of the burden of a `` Lebanese front '' before their own grievances are addressed .
Israel wants an end to the conflict but is incapable of paying the price , whereas Hamas can better reconcile its ideology with a peace agreement with Israel if it is not defined as final .
It is not entirely far-fetched to assume that Netanyahu finally calculated that if he wants more room to maneuver to deal with Iran , he must participate in the peace process with the Palestinians .
Only an Israel seriously willing to seek security through agreement , not one that wants to impose her security on her neighborhood by fiat , can be partner to an international effort to bring stability to Lebanon and beyond .
Under the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- of which Iran is still a member , countries are entitled to engage in enriching uranium for civilian purposes , and Iran claims that this is all it wants .
Today , Iran declares that it wants to observe the NPT , and that has no intention of building a nuclear bomb .
Instead of making a halt to uranium enrichment the be-all and end-all of their effort , their central objective should be to subject the Iranian activities to as much verification as possible : if Iran wants to enrich , so be it , but it must accept intrusive international inspections .
Today 's crisis in transatlantic relations , and our accidental involvement in it as part of Donald Rumsfeld 's `` New Europe , '' means that Poland -LRB- like every other European state -RRB- must now decide what it really wants from the EU and NATO .
Ukraine , reasonably enough , wants this agreement to be accompanied by an acknowledgment of its European destiny , and by clear steps towards reciprocal visa-free travel .
Determined reform policies could overcome these obstacles ; but , if Ukraine wants to proceed on the EU path , it must understand that the rule of law is a precondition for substantial integration .
Indeed , the Pentagon wants to enlarge the Marine Corps and Special Operations forces .
The European Union wants to establish a European Systemic Risk Board composed of the national central bank governors , chaired by the European Central Bank .
Doctors have pointed out that , whilst recognizing that an increasing majority of the population wants such a service to be available , to hasten death intentionally is still inherently incompatible with the basic objectives of medicine .
In Oregon , the patient decides independently of the physician where and when he or she wants to die , or even at all .
Russia wants to know where the Union will stop .
Most Europeans believe that China wants to be a shaper of -- not a challenger to -- a balanced world order , a strong United Nations , and an effective multilateral system .
China 's influence within the UN would prevent such a move even if Taiwan voted yes , but an international confrontation is the last thing China wants coinciding with the Olympics .
Capitals of Capital NEW YORK -- Recently , China 's government announced that it wants Shanghai to become a global financial capital equal to London and New York by 2020 .
The Obama administration also wants China to share more of the burdens of international leadership .
Today , the right wants tax cuts and the left , now reconstituting itself , may push for higher spending .
With the exception of Iran , none of Iraq 's neighbors wants to see that model in Iraq .
Belgium will be serving on the United Nations Security Council for the next two years , and has indicated that it wants to give its mandate a European dimension .
`` I do n't exclude investigations of the clans behind Medvedchuk or Yanukovich , but the rest of business wants clear rules , '' he says .
By leaving Pinchuk off this list , Yushchenko may be hinting that he wants a truce with Ukraine 's most powerful magnate should he become president .
Strache , the leader of the Freedom Party , wants the government to create a new ministry to manage the deportation of immigrants .
This can not be what China wants .
For the first time in almost 200 years , China can really throw its weight around , and it will do what it wants , regardless of what other countries may think .
Geert Wilders ' Freedom Party wants to ban the Koran , halt Muslim immigration , and deprive delinquents with an immigrant background of Dutch citizenship .
Now that she is a permanent US resident , the Dutch government no longer wants to pay for her protection .
Wilders , a popular rabble-rouser whose party occupies nine seats in the Dutch parliament , compares the Koran to Hitler 's Mein Kampf , wants to stop Muslims from moving to the Netherlands , and thunders that those who are already in the country should tear up half the Koran if they wish to stay .
The ALBA countries decided they would concede nothing to Obama , and attempt , instead , to back him into a corner : either the US would go along with the new OAS consensus , angering both parts of the Cuban-American lobby and the human rights community by abandoning principles and commitments , or the US would have to act alone -LRB- perhaps with Canada by its side -RRB- , leaving it totally isolated in Latin America -- the last thing Obama wants .
Given the undemocratic nature of the Legislative Council , it is almost certain that the government has enough votes to pass almost any law it wants .
Nevertheless , China has refrained from attacking him , making clear that it wants him to return eventually .
But there can be no denying that these three leading Asian powers and the US have different playbooks : America wants a uni-polar world but a multi-polar Asia ; China seeks a multi-polar world but a uni-polar Asia ; and Japan and India desire a multi-polar Asia and a multi-polar world .
Now the country is being divided by the political rivalry between two Sinhalese war idols , each of whom wants to be remembered as the true leader who crushed the Tamil Tiger guerrillas .
China fears that the government still wants to write a new constitution - one from which Taiwanese independence would be derived .
China wants the link defined as domestic in nature , with rights reserved exclusively to airlines registered on either side , while Taiwan insists that services be open to foreign competition .
A brave concession , no doubt , but India has a more rigorous criterion for believing that Pakistan is truly serious about reaching a peaceful agreement : it wants Pakistan to dismantle the infrastructure of cross-border terrorism -- in particular , the training camps for Kashmiri separatists and their international jihadi brethren .
Vajpayee , for his part , has hinted that if Pakistan wants a decent deal , it ought to make one with him , as he might be the last Indian leader for a long time who is willing to compromise even a little on the issue .
The elected president wants to act , but the assembly refuses to approve the necessary laws . Or vice versa .
But Japan now has in Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi a leader who wants the country to be militarily proactive .
Of course , we have lots of problems that the EU wants to see resolved : unfettered corruption , poor public administration , a justice system that makes a mockery of impartiality , and an economy which , despite some progress , has not yet been declared a `` functioning market '' by the European Commission .
As parliamentary and presidential elections loom , everyone wants to figure out just what he is up to .
But saying that publicly wo n't work anymore , not because Romanians do not think this way -LRB- many certainly do -RRB- , but because the political class from left to right wants to be part of Europe and wo n't associate with anyone who puts that desire at risk .
Mayor Basescu wants to be the next leader of the Democratic Party -LRB- now led by former Prime Minister , Petre Roman -RRB- and is said to be preparing to run for president in 2004 .
If the US wants to increase jobs , it should intensify efforts to work with these private Iraqi companies to bid on contracts .
Reforms are needed if Europe really wants to become a competitive , knowledge-based economy , and not merely the most regulated one .
Turkey wants desperately to be accepted into the EU , whose `` Copenhagen criteria , '' approved in 1993 , define what may be called the constitutional prerequisites of membership .
But neither wants to leave in ignominy , with their last man dramatically lifted of an embassy rooftop by helicopter .
In other words , elections are not enough if one wants to bring democracy to the world .
When a politician goes to his electorate , he needs to be able to say what he wants to do and why ; and a party needs to have a program on which its members all more or less agree .
Blair believes that Britain ought to join the Euro , because he wants Britain to be , as he puts it , `` at the heart of Europe '' .
Most commentators tended to assume that , if that 's what Tony Blair wants , then sooner or later that is what will happen , because , after all , he is the Prime Minister .
Tony Blair wants Britain to join the Euro , because he does not want to be excluded from the European core .
Tony Blair says he wants Britain to be at the center of Europe .
The executive director should put together a team of analysts located in critical locations abroad and able to conduct business intelligence . This requires investigation of markets and trends , and identification of specific firms that would be desirable for the clusters or niches that the country wants to promote .
But if the rest of the world really wants to help , it should lecture America along the lines I suggest .
If the market wants more safe , high-quality , liquid financial assets , give the market what it wants .
With private-sector demand stalling , the Employment Commission wants the government to serve as employer of last resort .
The Social Security `` crisis '' that he wants to spend his political capital on `` resolving '' ranks no higher than third among America 's fiscal problems in urgency and seriousness -- and at a time when these problems have grown into a profound threat to global economic stability .
But banks facing possible liquidity problems -- which the Fed wants to be able to borrow at 5.25 % -- are borrowing from the Fed itself at 5.75 % , as are a few big banks that want more liquidity but do n't believe they could get it without disrupting the market .
The market is also saying -- clearly and repeatedly -- that the economy has too little public US government debt , which is why everyone wants to hold it .
In South Korea , President Lee Myung-bak 's political base wants to roll back , not reinvigorate , the Sunshine Policy , and there is a widespread -LRB- though by no means universal -RRB- weariness with engagement .
Everywhere debate is focused on the best way to combat this form of terrorism and on the importance , in this context , of the Greater Middle East initiative that the United States wants the G8 and NATO to approve in June .
Unlike European leaders such as Joschka Fischer , Germany 's Foreign Minister , the US excludes the Israeli-Arab conflict from the initiative , and wants to concentrate solely on the social and economic problems that feed extremism and terrorism in the Islamic world .
Indeed , Germans resent intrusiveness from Brussels , which wants Germany to cut subsidies to quasi-state enterprises such as the Länder banks and has fined Volkswagen for anti-competitive practices .
Herbert Hoover , America 's president of seventy years ago , became famous for trying to do what Prime Minister Koizumi now wants to do .
If America wants to lead capitalism 's global march , it must exorcize a growing culture of corporate crony capitalism .
Vicente Fox has said that he wants more , and he should keep his word .
If some legislator wants to post that an hour is private , that 's fine .
But it is also true that if the US wants to improve relations with its neighbors to the south , America should make significant bilateral trade concessions to the Latin American countries .
China is worried that its more than $ 1 trillion investment in US Treasury securities will not hold its value . It wants reassurance that the US will stand behind its debts .
It therefore wants to see a credible program for balancing the US budget once the recession ends .
That said , too many policymakers and commentators have rushed to judgment , insisting that Iran is irrevocably determined to build nuclear weapons , or that it wants a break-out capability that is just as dangerous .
It must not cross it if it wants to preserve its own credibility , and the world 's capacity for intervention in similar conscience-shocking cases .
The same logic can be applied to the US economy , but in the opposite way : even if the US wants to consume a lot and does not save , it may not run trade deficits if it does not invest much .
This is why the government wants to intervene .
It is understandable that the Fed wants to boost demand as long as the US economy remains depressed .
Of course , America still wants to contain China and prevent it from becoming a major regional and world power .
Neither side wants any ambiguity in their message before the election , thus ruling out the possibility of any immediate changes in tax expenditures or future Social Security pensions .
Although the Stability and Growth Pact may be elastic enough to permit some deficit stimulus , a country may feel constrained from acting as aggressively as it wants .
Germany now wants to send some Tornado jets for reconnaissance purposes -- better than nothing , but not by much .
Fourth , Poland has to ask itself what kind of role it wants to play within the EU . Poland is an important country within the Union .
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice wants the conference to happen and has done much to push it ahead . But how much risk is Bush -- without whom a real breakthrough will be impossible -- prepared to accept ?
Therefore , whoever wants cooperation with Russia -- which is in Europe 's interest -- must be strong .
Russia considers the agreements from the 1990 's unjust , based as they were on its weakness at the time , and it wants to revise them .
The US wants to resolve the global crisis by providing substantially more financial help , which Europe is refusing to commit , preferring to focus on financial regulatory reform .
Merkel will play the central role in deciding how Europe positions itself , not only because she is the leader of the EU 's largest economy , but also because she wants to be re-elected in September .
Obama wants a two-state solution , but , unlike Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush , he has n't postponed tackling the Israeli-Palestinian conflict until the end of his second term in office .
If Obama wants to make serious progress in this conflict , he will have to get the Netanyahu government and Hamas to negotiate .
From the German point of view , France only wants to solve its national budget and debt problems at Germany 's expense , simultaneously weakening Germany 's competitiveness .
France has no chance of meeting Germany 's stabilization objectives unless Sarkozy wants to forget about re-election .
Economic aid , the opening of the EU and US markets , strategic energy projects , legal and constitutional advice , and cooperation between universities are among the resources that the West must supply if it wants to contribute to the success of the Middle East 's democratic awakening .
Libya 's newfound engagement with the US and the EU represents not only a major shift in its international policies and diplomatic posture , but also a major internal reorientation , because the country now wants to develop an economy that is not exclusively based on oil .
It wants , in particular , to ensure that the people and tribes in its Eastern `` Cyrenaica '' territories centered in Benghazi have a chance to develop equally with the rest of the country .
Indeed , some now view Sarkozy as a traditional Gaullist who wants to help French producers by artificially devaluing the euro .
I understand the reality of the fascist threat , but I also understand what the government wants us to take from it .
That is what the junta wants the world to think .
Even in Europe , where Catalonia and the Basque region push for secession from Spain , some in Flanders want an end to Belgium , and Scotland 's ruling Scottish National Party wants eventually to break away from Britain , support for Kosovo 's independence is far from universal .
But many are not happy : the far left -- not very strong these days but with an important political tradition -- wants more and faster progress on prosecutions , while the recalcitrant right insists on treating Pinochet -LRB- who died in 2006 -RRB- as a national hero .
Above all , Syria wants to bypass Washington 's reform agenda and preserve the domestic status quo .
But if Bashir Assad wants Syria to avoid sinking deeper into poverty and irrelevance , he must undertake political , cultural , and economic liberalization .
Now the Kremlin wants to merge the FSB and MVD into one Ministry of State Security , thereby creating a single anti-terrorist center .
Like scientists , they prefer to work with huge amounts of data , which is why the US government wants a record of every call and financial transaction made by every inhabitant of the country .
If Cristina wants to improve institutional quality and the problems that the economy is already showing , she will need more than strength . Above all , she will need fresh sources of ideas .
Sarkozy has said that he wants to focus the French EU presidency on promoting measures to deal with climate change , reviewing European migration policy , and re-energizing the ESDP , in line with France 's decision to return to NATO .
When they are willing and able to do so , the UN can make a difference ; when they are not , the UN can act in only the most limited way , if at all , regardless of what the Secretary General wants .
It wants to maintain preferred access to Iran 's energy resources , but if conflict results from Iran 's nuclear aspirations , China will be paying much more for those resources .
It wants to help set the rules and build the institutions for enforcing them .
President Barack Obama has the authority to take some small steps on his own to normalize ties , but substantial change to US policy requires Congress to act -- and Congress wants to see fundamental change in Cuba before it does so .
-LRB- Republicans , however will argue for putting less pressure on Israel to compromise and more pressure on Iran . -RRB- But he can expect considerable backing from Republicans if he wants to maintain a sizeable US military presence in Afghanistan beyond this July , or a modest military presence in Iraq beyond the end of 2011 .
China wants to shift from low value-added , labor-intensive industries such as textiles to higher value-added sectors such as electronics and capital goods .
This is the system that the Commission wants to prescribe for the whole Union , while banning all SEPA-incompatible products .
Confronted suddenly with many options every day , one starts to feel a headache , and sometimes unconsciously wants to return to prison .
So what is to be done , assuming the US wants to retaliate without destabilizing its regional allies ?
Clerics realize that the government wants to play ball .
If Obama wants to encourage moderate and democratic politics in South America , and to bolster Brazil 's efforts to foster stability and economic progress against the region 's radical and undemocratic forces , it must take greater care in not appearing to undermine those the US claims to support .
America wants to conclude as many free-trade agreements in the region as it can , while Brazil favors expanding its custom union , Mercosul\/Mercosur .
The US wants the world to embark on macroeconomic stimulus programs , and thinks that the complicated task of reinventing and reordering financial supervision and regulation can wait .
When anyone wants an example of how effective a Keynesian counter-cyclical strategy can be , internationally as well as domestically , they need look no further than China 's four-trillion-renminbi stimulus of 2008-2009 .
The recommendation , which contains a long section trying to show that Japan 's 1987 and 1988 experience was not damaging , will be read in China simply as a statement that the US wants China to follow Japan in committing what amounts to economic hara-kiri .
Japan is not only one of China 's largest trade and investment partners , it is also the most powerful neighbor with which China wants to be on good terms , partly to showcase that China 's rise is not a threat to Asia and the rest of the world .
These deficits facilitate the surpluses that emerging markets such as China want to run -- the world 's current accounts add up to zero , so if one large set of countries wants to run a surplus , someone big needs to run a deficit .
Instability from Rigidity Everyone wants economic stability , and many are reluctant to abandon today what gave them stability yesterday .
If a considerable fraction of the world economy wants to run a current-account surplus -LRB- by 2006 , this included much of emerging Asia , most oil exporters , and Japan -RRB- , an equal share of the world economy must run a deficit .
As US President Barack Obama ponders what to do about the war , who wants to repeat a point that 's been made thousands of times ?
Brazil wants to prove that it deserves a permanent seat on the Security Council .
And Iran simply wants to show once again that it will not kowtow to the `` Great Satan . ''
Based on his previous experience as cabinet secretary , Abe wants to create and operate a Japanese version of America 's National Security Council .
The one option that should not be on the table is US ground troops ; no one wants to see US forces bogged down in another war , especially in another Muslim country .
Each claims to be acting with the Supreme Leader 's full authority , but ultimately are unable to make commitments because they have little idea of what Khamenei wants to do .
Ahmadinejad is well aware that if he succeeds in portraying himself as someone who -- in opposition to the Supreme Leader 's will -- wants to solve major issues between Iran and the US , that could partly compensate for his economic failures and gain him some new supporters .
The Russian public , habituated to authoritarianism , wants Russia 's rulers to be firm .
He favors a free economy , but wants the state to control how wealth is allocated and who benefits from it .
MOSCOW -- In a recent interview , Russia 's President Dmitri Medvedev proclaimed that he wants a second term in office following the 2012 election , but that he would not run against Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , who put him in power in the first place .
But China has another motive for tightening the noose on rare-earth exports : it wants to force high-tech firms to operate in China , so that local companies can absorb their technologies .
Like Iran , however , Kim wants to have his cake and eat it : eventual acceptance as a nuclear power and all the economic enticements from the US , Europe , Russia , and China to de-nuclearize .
In Afghanistan , their long-term interests are essentially in harmony , as none -- including China -- wants to see Afghanistan become a haven for terrorism once again .
It now appears that he wants to backtrack on his promise , but massive protests are inhibiting him from doing so .
Yet , despite this , it is hard to escape the conclusion that the EU 's role in Pakistan bears all the hallmarks of the pre-Maastricht polity that it no longer wants to be : technocratic , apolitical , and marginalized by the United States .
To many Middle East states , what China wants is now just as important as US interests .
This , at least , is how the European Commission wants to see the Balkans , and how the region wants to present itself .
Barescu plans to align Romania with Anglo Saxon liberal economic policies , and wants a special relationship with Great Britain and the United States to improve security in the Black Sea region .
More recently , Chirac 's foreign minister , Michel Barnier , chastised the Romanian President Traian Barescu for lacking a `` European reflex , '' because Barescu plans to align Romania with Anglo-Saxon liberal economic policies , and wants a special relationship with the US and UK to improve security in the Black Sea region .
Perhaps Maroni wants to go back to the lira so that Italy can de-value it .
Prospective French presidential candidate Nicolas Sarkozy wants the ECB to promote economic growth , not just price stability .
The ECB will have to cut interest rates in 2008 if it wants to avoid a hard landing for the euro-zone economy .
Poles , who lost nearly all their patriotic ideas over the past decade , now seem poised to rediscover their national identity solely on a negative basis forged by our peasants . The European Union wants to steal -LRB- or buy for nothing -RRB- our land , they say . We Poles must fight them .
The EU wants to avoid another Cyprus , where a candidate country partly occupies a member country .
Local Serbs fear that the government in Pri¨tina simply wants to impose its will on Serb-majority areas rather than engaging with them as Kosovo citizens equal under the law .
The World Bank wants to learn from these donors , catalyze deeper cooperation , and build a stronger and deeper multilateral system .
Neither side , nor the rest of the world , wants that .
Meanwhile , the Israeli government wants to continue building settlements in occupied areas , in total violation of international law and the minimum requirements for peace detailed in the `` roadmap '' sponsored by the Quartet -LRB- the US , UN , European Union , and Russia -RRB- .
After all , anyone who wants to be re-elected must give priority to the needs of their own people and not necessarily to the demands of the international community .
The political moralist wants to `` hammer out morality '' in keeping with the requirements of politics construed as a cynical game . It is a label that easily applies to all the types of dishonest politicians described above .
Like Russia , China wants a reduction of the US military presence in Central Asia .
President Rafael Correa of Ecuador looks like he also wants to move in the same direction .
On the other hand , Moscow 's elite -- who fear that their assets may be expropriated by a future government -- wants to avoid international pariah status so that they can see out their sun-set years in the safety of the West if the need arises .
But while the government wants to move beyond low-skilled mining into higher-value processing , De Beers has balked , because it already has well established , cost-effective cutting operations abroad .
Enter Smicor , a subsidiary of Israel 's Leviev group that currently produces only a small proportion of the country 's diamond output but wants more exploration licenses .
Indeed , Russia is increasingly attaching ever greater significance to its relations with China , something of a strategic shift in foreign policy , even if it is not yet clear how close Russia wants to be get to China .
Colombia , whose alliance with the US precedes President Álvaro Uribe , wants to maintain US support at its current levels , and Mexico now must make combating drug trafficking and illegal immigration priorities , in accordance with US policy .
Obama went on to say why he wants to prioritize global warming policies : `` The science is beyond dispute and the facts are clear .
Obama is in Kenya and wants to go on a safari .
There are many interested parties . No group wants their solution to come last , and no government wants its country 's national challenges to be overlooked .
Everybody wants to prevent global warming , and the real question is : How can we do that best ?
Naoval , an Indonesian man with `` AB blood type , no drugs and no alcohol , '' wants to sell his kidney .
If it is numbers Saddam wants , he can get them from the `` Fedayeen Saddam , '' which contains 15,000 men recruited from trusted tribes . For really big numbers , there is the Jaysh al-Sha ` abi Popular Army , a party militia with 150,000 men and women in Baghdad alone .
But if Sri Lanka 's President Mahinda Rajapaksa wants to eliminate the spirit of Tamil separatism , he must emulate Singh 's culture of political moderation .
There can be no doubt that Singh has the right instincts . He wants Pakistan to succeed as a moderate , modernizing country .
He wants no more wars .
If the West now wants to hold Asian countries responsible for restraining new sources of greenhouse-gas emissions , it must first hold itself accountable for its old stock and current emissions .
Osama bin Laden does n't work for money and wants to destroy the entire West , not weaken Russia in particular .
If an interrogator promises better food or an extra blanket , the guards must provide it ; if an interrogator wants the detainee 's cell to remain brightly lit all night , that must happen , too .
But , in the end , it will have to decide if it wants to be governed by the LDP , which at least offers the possibility of addressing Japan 's problems , or a DPJ in complete thrall to the bureaucracy and the past .
The frontrunner is Taro Aso , the LDP secretary general , who wants economic pump-priming .
Now the only change he wants to make is to the constitution , so that he can retain his hold on power .
In the years since the collapse of the Soviet Union , neither EU nor European national policymakers have devised a coherent strategy setting out the relationship that Europe wants with the Russian Federation .
In principle , everyone wants heavy-hitters ; in practice , many national leaders resist the idea of a more independent and assertive team in Brussels .
If Germany wants to increase its diplomatic weight , it must increase its defense spending .
The world wants to believe in an America that lives up to its own best values .
Afghanistan is a sovereign state , and its government has the authority do what it wants .
According to this view , if Iran wants to de-legitimize Israel and ultimately unite Moslems against the West , the only answer is to isolate Iran in the Middle East , and to create alliances against Iran with moderate Sunni Arab regimes .
France wants the illusion of change , but is continuity what she truly desires ? .
Emotionally , too , `` Sarkozy the American , Sarkozy the doer , '' who wants to be judged by his actions , tends to see himself as a Gallic incarnation of the American dream .
So , because Sarkozy wants to be seen as a convinced European , he must normalize France 's relations with a new Alliance based on two pillars -- European and American .
Whereas China intends to seduce and impress the world by the number of its Olympic medals , Russia wants to impress the world by demonstrating its military superiority .
If the United States wants to be seriously involved in a renewed peace initiative , it can neither ignore nor passively accept the hierarchy of Israeli emotions .
Of course , a single European voice in the major multilateral institutions appears more unrealistic than ever : who wants it , except maybe the EU 's smaller members ?
China must confront them if it wants to progress domestically and become a respected and respectable actor of the international system .
But Raúl Castro wants to avoid dependence on one or two countries alone .
Now he wants state subsidies for faith-based organizations -- a policy proposal that upsets his many secularist critics .
Nobody wants to repeal citizenship legislation that makes birthplace , not bloodlines , the basis of belonging , and everybody is proud that right-wing populism has never taken off in the way that it has among some of Germany 's neighbors .
Thus , Germany 's political class , confused about what it wants and generally unable to explain to citizens what it does , has responded with short-term solutions : yes , more Europe , but no European state ; yes , more money to pour down fiscal black holes , but no departure from the old Bundesbank orthodoxies .
It wants to build on its success in creating a truly European and highly potent research culture .
Whether it is the Chinese for the global economy , or Russia for nuclear disarmament , the United States will now work with whomever can help it get the results it wants -- thus ensuring that it remains the `` indispensable nation . ''
When a would-be dictator -- anywhere , any time , on the right or the left -- wants to close an open society or initiate a crackdown against a democracy movement , he follows ten classic steps : invoke a threat , create secret prisons , develop a paramilitary force , establish a surveillance apparatus , arbitrarily detain citizens , infiltrate citizen groups , target key individuals , go after journalists , call criticism `` treason , '' and subvert the rule of law .
Europe has used the attractiveness of its Union to obtain outcomes it wants , just as the US has acted as though its military pre-eminence could solve all problems .
China wants to preserve its access to Iranian oil , and Russia seeks to preserve a valuable commercial market .
Power is the ability to get the outcomes one wants .
But on the middle board of economic relations , the world is already multipolar , and the US can not obtain the outcomes it wants without the cooperation of Europe , Japan , China , and others .
Aware of the ultra-nationalist threat from Jean-Marie Le Pen , who took second place in the 2002 presidential election , Sarkozy has said that he wants `` to talk to those who have moved toward the far right because they are suffering . ''
Power is the ability to affect others to produce the outcomes one wants .
The US does not challenge China 's sovereignty , but it wants a peaceful settlement that will maintain Taiwan 's democratic institutions .
The US regards a triangular Japan-China-US relationship as the basis of stability in East Asia , and wants good relations between all three of its legs .
This new unilateralism was based on a profound misunderstanding of the nature of power -- that is , the ability to affect others to get the outcomes one wants -- in world politics .
America can not get the outcomes it wants in trade , antitrust , or other areas without the cooperation of the European Union , China , Japan , and others .
Japan officially endorses the objective of a non-nuclear world , but it relies on America 's extended nuclear deterrent , and wants to avoid being subject to nuclear blackmail from North Korea -LRB- or China -RRB- .
Soft power is the ability to get what one wants by attracting others rather than threatening or paying them .
First , a political transition is expected in 2012 , and , in a period of rising nationalism , no Chinese leader wants to look softer than his rivals .
Depending on the poll , either a plurality or majority wants fewer immigrants .
If power is the ability to obtain the outcomes one wants , it is important to remember that sometimes our power is greater when we act with others rather than merely over others .
Nigeria , grappling with a worsening economic crisis , wants to double daily production to four million barrels , to reflect new discoveries that the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation -LRB- NNPC -RRB- claimed in December 2003 had increased reserves to 34 billion barrels .
With oil reaching $ 100 dollars per barrel , and energy-hungry giants like the United States and China beating a path to Nigeria 's door , Africa 's leading oil producer wants to use petrodollars to cure the country 's economic ills and flex its muscles in the international arena .
Besides , plenty of other public and private institutions undertake the infrastructure and finance projects that the ADB now wants to focus on .
The way out of this dilemma is to understand what Iran wants -- and how to accommodate it without jeopardizing anyone 's security .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has said that Iran wants to develop uranium enrichment technology for industrial use .
But the international community must be more respectful of Iran 's current industrial aims if it wants Iranian cooperation .
But , beyond narrow party confines , opinion polls were exceptionally kind : a vast cross-section of the Israeli public wants Livni to lead .
Not unreasonably , Israel wants an internationally guaranteed and monitored ceasefire agreement that would put a total stop to Hamas assaults against its territory .
Flores , a Social Christian candidate representing a rightist alliance , wants to maintain present President Alejandro Toledo 's neo-liberal policies , which have boosted economic growth , foreign investment , and exports spectacularly over the past four years .
In Latin American affairs , it balks at the Free Trade Area of the Americas -LRB- FTAA -RRB- and generally wants relations with the US that allow it to promote their local initiatives .
Many Armenians believe that Tsarukyan has carte blanche to do whatever he wants , when he wants .
The best example of this is energy policy and Russia , which wants a sphere of influence around its borders .
The right angrily denounces him as a crypto-communist because he wants every American to have health care .
China is far too big to be taken for granted , and it wants to be shown the respect that it associates with being an ancient civilization that has contributed so much to human progress .
Finally , if America wants change , why vote for a ticket that has embraced the very attitudes that gave the Bush years their character , and exemplifies some of the reasons for its unpopularity and failures , from partisan bigotry and the assault on reason and science to the `` America First '' dismissal of the opinions of the rest of mankind ?
Israel never said that it wants to destroy Iran ; Israel never openly proclaimed that it would enrich uranium and build nuclear bombs in order to destroy another country .
Israel wants -- indeed , desperately needs -- peace and stability in the Middle East , and we will continue to do everything in our power to achieve it .
If the EU wants to continue its state-building efforts in Palestine and contribute to a peaceful settlement , it must find ways to talk to and work with the elected government .
The US , indeed , should be prepared to eventually give such guarantees if it wants Iran to stop the more suspicious parts of its nuclear program .
Incendiary statements about Israel exacerbate the lack of trust among Iran 's would-be partners , and make it hard for those in Europe and the US who are interested in building more favorable relations . Iran hints that it wants to have a high-level dialogue with the US in the not-too-distant future .
If it wants to be seen as a status-quo power , it needs to accept local and international efforts at establishing peace between Israel and its neighbors .
Even without such a bargain , however , Iran will have to do certain things if it wants to be seen as a constructive regional player .
They criticized the situation . But no one wants to change the system by force . ''
Less obviously , a country does not want misguided or pointless change ; it wants investments that appear to the financial sector as productive .
The Borgia Candidate for Russia 's Presidency In the latest interview given by Andrei Lugovoi , the man Great Britain wants Russia to extradite for poisoning the dissident Alexander Litvinenko with radioactive polonium , there was a remarkable moment that has not been fully appreciated .
Neither leader wants to capture Tbilisi .
One wants to get his hooks into a further trillion dollars that it can pick away at , while the other wants to become `` a central construct of the system of international relations . ''
If one wants to know how to deal with a banking crisis , the risk of a depression , or the threat of a default , it is natural to examine times when those dangers were around , rather than to rely on models that ignore such dangers or treat them as distant clouds .
A world in which every country wants a weaker exchange rate is not without precedent .
Europe 's financial industry wants a cost-effective , transparent , and competitively neutral supervisory framework that will foster market integration , create greater financial stability , and provide for crisis management .
The PAD wants to maintain the 2007 charter .
Cambodia wants to multilateralize the border conflict as much as Thailand tries to limit it to bilateral negotiations .
The conclusion PETA wants us to reach is that both the Holocaust and the mass confinement and slaughter of animals are horrific .
His party also wants the sacked Supreme Court justices to be restored .
It wants to pair the PPP with the discredited PML-Q and isolate the PML-N .
Or it may be an explicit bias : an economist might write a report that is influenced by what a sponsor wants to hear , or give testimony that is purely mercenary .
Other autocratic rulers in the Muslim world are learning from Iran 's example , cracking down hard on intellectuals , journalists , lawyers , women activists , or just about anyone who has ideas and wants to exchange them with others .
Nobody wants to demonize or unnecessarily restrict private equity and hedge funds , and venture capital 's investment in innovative and high-risk new companies highlights their potentially useful role .
Nobody wants to bail out banks that make bad decisions .
If Europe wants to pull its weight on the global stage , it will have to act with greater unity of purpose and shoulder a greater share of responsibility .
If the US wants to place size limits and tighter capital requirements on banks , it should be free to do so .
If Europe wants to devise its own rules for credit-rating agencies and hedge funds , it should simply go ahead .
Reducing the cost of firing workers will not increase demand for labor much when no one wants to hire new workers .
If Germany wants the rest of Europe to swallow the bitter pill of fiscal retrenchment , it will eventually have to recognize the implicit quid pro quo .
It is not financially nimble ; it is often captured by the regulated ; and when economic times are good , no official wants to spoil the party .
The true believers view the deficits as evidence that the world recognizes how special the US is and wants to buy in .
Who wants to build up debt if there might be a financial crisis around the corner ?
Europe wants to preserve its universal banking model , with banks that serve a broad range of functions , ranging from taking deposits to making small commercial loans to high-level investment-banking activities .
Japan 's Slow-Motion Crisis TOKYO -- If you listen to American , European , or even Chinese leaders , Japan is the economic future no one wants .
Yes , nobody wants to be Japan , the fallen angel that went from one of the fastest growing economies in the world for more than three decades to one that has slowed to a crawl for the past 18 years .
No one wants to live with the trauma of the deflation -LRB- falling prices -RRB- that Japan has repeatedly experienced .
No one wants to navigate the precarious government-debt dynamic that Japan faces , with debt levels far above 100 % of GDP -LRB- even if one factors in the Japanese government 's vast holdings of foreign-exchange reserves . -RRB-
No one wants to go from being a world-beater to a poster child for economic stagnation .
Simply put , no one wants to be the next major IMF supplicant .
In Japan , the Koizumi government wants to privatize the behemoth postal service , whose giant financial arm is wrapped like a python around the country 's banking system .
Or perhaps the Commission realizes that the FTT will be dead on arrival , owing to disputes within Europe , and simply wants to gain political capital from an enormously popular proposal .
After all , who wants to build offices , stores , and shopping centers in the empty ghost towns that litter the American West ?
But convinced - as are most Israelis - that there is no Palestinian partner ready to negotiate seriously and implement its promises , the prime minister wants to prepare for an extended interim period .
Only if the post-Arafat movement decides that it really wants a Palestinian state in exchange for ending the conflict with Israel in every respect will there be a real chance of peace .
Perhaps three-quarters of Israelis and Palestinians are eager for peace and compromise , while a quarter on each side -- often fueled by extreme religious zeal -- wants a complete victory over the other .
`` I asked my daughter what she wanted to do , '' the father explained , `` and she told me that she wants to stay in school , so she is continuing in school . ''
Yet , despite these circumstances , one political party wants to gut tax revenues altogether , and the other is easily dragged along , against its better instincts , out of concern for keeping its rich contributors happy .
No country wants to be outside of this global process .
Nobody likes to be bullied , and no American wants the US to be frightened or coerced by the brutal and thuggish actions of car bombers .
America wants the world to pledge billions of dollars to Iraq 's reconstruction at a donor 's meeting to be held in October in Madrid .
If the US really wants to undercut terrorism , it must recognize the interconnectedness of extremism , poverty , and environmental degradation , and it will need to understand the struggles for survival that are underway among the poor everywhere .
Brazil must also pay more attention to environmental management , especially in the fragile yet critical Amazon region , if it wants long-term , sustainable economic development .
The idiosyncratic beliefs of the schizophrenic are the target of pharmacotherapy , but at the same time they may be a source of personal pride and form a distinct sense of self that the patient wants to preserve .
Carney wants to keep patients from purchasing kidneys on the black market and in overseas organ bazaars .
What China wants above all is to prevent North Korea from collapsing , whatever the cause .
So no one in Europe needs to fear that the Czech Republic has some nostalgic or idiosyncratic agenda that it wants to impose on the Union .
But if China wants to raise the military budget to improve the quality of its army , the conflict with the demands of fiscal stability could make military transparency important for domestic reasons , and China might no longer view it as being off limits in its relations with the US .
Indeed , China wants a strong and independent Europe , and from that vantage point it is not too early for China to envisage a truly multi-polar global system .
He simply wants the oligarchs to stick to their sphere of activity and to leave politics to him .
Each wants to shape the state to serve its interests alone .
Russia 's political class has ample grounds to be slyly and cynically proud of the system they invented - it guarantees the result it wants .
Far better , proponents of wage insurance argue , for the training to be carried out by an employer who wants a job done and knows what the employee needs to learn .
Taming `` Speculative Capitalism '' Nicolas Sarkozy , the leading contender in the French presidential election , recently lashed out against what he called `` speculative capitalism , '' and says he wants to `` moralize the financial zone '' created by the euro . What does Sarkozy mean by `` speculative capitalism ? ''
Sarkozy has called free trade `` a policy of naiveté , '' and wants to take a number of steps that would stand in the way of economic globalization .
He wants the government to subsidize `` personally-delivered service '' jobs , which can not be delivered over the Internet , to encourage the expansion of such jobs instead of `` impersonally-delivered services . ''
What China wants and what it gets may be different things .
The return to Chechnya of an amnestied Zakaev would greatly increase Kadyrov 's prestige . But the Kremlin wants to avoid this , owing to Kadyrov 's growing power and its general unease with a Russian Muslim elite that , while formally acknowledging Russian suzerainty , increasingly demands a redistribution of power within the Russian Federation .
Receiving from the Kremlin virtual carte blanche to do what he wants in Chechnya , Kadyrov made genuine efforts to transform himself into a popular leader .
The council wants Port Phillip to be a sustainable community , not merely in an environmental sense , but also in terms of social equity , economic viability , and cultural vitality .
The interests of patients should come first , but when it is dubious that continued treatment is in a patient 's interests and there is no way to find out what the patients wants , or would have wanted , it is reasonable to consider other factors , including the views of the family and the cost to the community .
Obama wants the goal to be an 80 % reduction and McCain says 66 % , but , since the next president will leave office no later than 2016 , that difference is irrelevant .
If , at a later date , the woman wants to have a child , why should she use the DNA of her earlier , aborted fetus rather than conceiving another fetus in the usual way ?
No one wants another drawn-out war like those in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much `` what matters '' as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .
Many people assume that rationality is always instrumental : reason can tell us only how to get what we want , but our basic wants and desires are beyond the scope of reasoning .
Herein lies the core of the dilemma for the US : it wants Egypt 's basic state apparatus to survive , so that the levers of power do not fall into the wrong hands .
The EU wants to solve this problem by limiting migration for a transition period of up to seven years .
But now Italy seems to have run into trouble again and also wants to weaken the pact .
But now the ECB no longer wants to do it , and is urging eurozone members to step in .
To exit this policy , the ECB wants the EU 's Luxembourg rescue facility , EFSF or ESM to take over , and some countries even call for the issuance of eurobonds .
As no West European state wants welfare immigration , and because they are unable to discriminate between nationals and EU immigrants , they will begin to reduce their services .
But he underestimated the weight of relative needs , especially as societies got richer , and , of course , the power of advertising to create new wants , and thus induce people to work in order to earn the money to satisfy them .
Labor wants to reduce the House of Lords ' membership by half and hold referenda on making it wholly elected and on changing the voting system .
The fact that the market system is more efficient at creating wealth and satisfying wants than any other system is an additional bonus .
We are told that capitalism discovers wants that people did not realize they had and thus moves humanity forward .
The solution is not to abolish markets , but to re-moralize wants .
It is a difficult balancing act , because Putin can always reclaim the presidency if he believes that his erstwhile protégé wants to dismantle the authoritarian state he has created .
Neither Russia nor China , of course , would be invited to join : indeed , McCain wants to exclude Russia from the G8 .
After all , what responsible public body wants to be accused of violating human rights ?
Sarkozy nowadays acts more in harmony with the US , NATO , and the European Union , but does so because he wants to be a world leader .
One should also consider why anyone wants to become a judge .
America can not do whatever it wants , as the Iraqi debacle has demonstrated ; but , at the same time , nothing much can be achieved in the way of international cooperation without US leadership , or at least active participation .
To achieve the reforms of the budget process that it wants , the US will need to lead the way in persuading the other permanent members of the Council to give the General Assembly a greater role in the process .
If the EU wants a monetary union in which sovereign debt is relatively homogenous with respect to risk , fiscal discipline must be similarly homogenous .
Nobody wants them , so they get passed around .
The Fed has bought more than $ 1 trillion of mortgages , the value of which will fall when the economy recovers -- which is precisely why no one in the private sector wants to buy them .
There is a consensus , for instance , on sound fiscal and monetary policies : no one wants to return to the hyperinflation of earlier decades .
If a state owned enterprise in Latin America wants to borrow to make an investment , in Latin America such borrowing is treated as an addition to the deficit .
The laws of economics , they assert , ensure that in the long run there will be jobs for everyone who wants them , so long as government does not interfere in market processes by setting minimum wages or ensuring job security , or so long as unions do n't drive up wages excessively .
But if China wants a dynamic innovation system , it should resist pressure by Western governments to adopt the kind of unbalanced intellectual property laws that are being demanded .
Of course , Taiwan under President Ma still wants the same rights that it desired under Chen .
President Bush wants Congress to fund $ 5 billion of assistance over three years to the world 's poorest countries .
I think this view is too optimistic , because I suspect that the government wants to finance its new expenditure with a tax hike .
First of all , it wants to spread the wealth by pursuing a new model of regional integration through energy and infrastructure .
The Indians want faster liberalization of the textile and clothing trades ; the EU wants better enforcement of intellectual - property protection .
Yet neither India nor the EU wants their friendship to be part of an anti-China axis .
Kim Jong-il is a naughty boy who wants attention and incentives to behave decently .
But , taken together , these cancellations make clear that even a US administration that wants to engage more with Asia may still find itself preoccupied with domestic priorities , especially this year , as mid-term elections approach .
If China wants to build a new six-lane expressway , it can bulldoze its way through any village in its path . In India , if you want to widen a two-lane road , you could be tied up in court for a dozen years over compensation entitlements .
And while no one wants to be a victim , many people nowadays want to have been a victim : they aspire to victim status .
In relations with the US and EU , Putin wants to boost Russia 's status .
Putin , among other things , is a combative nationalist , and he wants Russia to succeed in a world of competing powers .
Putin wants to finish the job , and much works in his favor . He is the tsar .
And Putin wants even more : a `` Eurasian Schengen '' -LRB- free movement of people among the three countries , built on the example of the European Union -RRB- by 2015 , followed by a currency union and , ultimately , full economic integration .
Indeed , Putin wants to restructure Russia 's relations with the former Soviet states to create not merely a bigger market , but eventually an economic bloc-cum-security alliance .
Either intuitively or rationally , people feel that Rogozin , like Saakashvili , wants to assume the main post , is prepared to do so , and would start solving the state 's territorial problems immediately .
At the same time , Russia wants to cater to other markets , notably along its eastern frontier .
He is free to do what he wants - free to betray state priorities , free to crush the life of every Ukrainian ; free to hand out bits and pieces of the national economy to the favored few who do his bidding .
No , Kuchma wants to change Ukraine 's constitution for no other reason than to maintain his grip on power .
So , instead of retiring gracefully , as presidents from Bill Clinton to Boris Yeltsin routinely do , Kuchma wants to change the constitution in order to become an all-powerful prime minister who will never face a limit on the length of his term .
Unable to assure himself of a tame presidential successor , Kuchma wants what he calls a `` parliamentary republic '' with a weak president and powerful prime minister .
At GAIN , we are convinced that there is an urgent need to fight malnutrition if the world wants to achieve the United Nations ' Millennium Development Goals , which commit the world to halving global poverty and hunger by 2015 .
If the G-20 wants to play a major role in the post-crisis global decision-making process , the issue of legitimacy vis-à-vis the smaller emerging countries needs to be addressed now .
No official wants to fight corruption because they are themselves corrupt .
He wants to come back , to revisit all that he has left behind , in the meantime helping his nation to become economically strong , technically advanced , and prosperous .
Even if Schröder wants to push for reform , his political position will make such efforts difficult .
Specific `` how to '' advice is what Kim wants from China .
America , they believe , only wants a democracy that suits its interests .
Of course , no one wants to break budgets or create dependency .
As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh 's hands . Saleh wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue his wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .
Saleh 's dilemma is that Western aid may now come with increased interference in Yemen 's internal affairs at a time when he wants the world to turn a blind eye to his conduct of the country 's civil wars .
No Iraqi political faction wants to be blamed for prolonging the occupation , but most , with the exception of Muqtada al-Sadr 's movement , will agree to extend America 's military presence by another five years .
Assad knows that the election of a president who bolsters Lebanon 's sovereignty and independence would make Syria 's return difficult -- and Assad , as even his allies privately admit , wants nothing less .
Namibia 's President Sam Nujoma complains that the West wants to impose its decadent sexual values on Africa through the guise of gay tolerance .
Like his predecessors , George W. Bush and Bill Clinton , Obama wants to avoid messy entanglements in Africa 's internal politics .
Nkhoma wants this dream of global technocrats to become a reality for her fellow Malawians .
