Opposition political parties are drawing closer together , and former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto , despite progress in her power-sharing negotiations with Musharraf , has strongly condemned his actions .
Rather than bowing to the military junta , he embraced the gallows .
Lt. Gen. Hamid Gul , the former Inter-Services Intelligence -LRB- ISI -RRB- chief , confirmed that he sponsored an alliance of right-wing political parties to stop her from getting a parliamentary majority .
Her second term in office -LRB- 1993-96 -RRB- was longer and better , but her government again fell early , owing to charges of mismanagement and corruption .
Exorcising Musharraf 's Ghost CAMBRIDGE -- Following its recent free elections , Pakistan is rebounding politically .
A proposal in the US Senate to increase development and education aid to Pakistan could help in winning the hearts and minds .
This window of opportunity can be expanded through dialogue and reconciliation with those who are ready to disavow extremism and militancy .
Allying himself with the Bush administration has increased his unpopularity , especially following missile attacks by the United States in Pakistan 's tribal areas .
Though the army has reaped a financial windfall from US military aid , and has targeted many foreign militants allied with al-Qaeda in the region , its performance against Pakistani militants has been mixed at best .
LET was the armed wing of an Ahle-Hadith organization , a South Asian version of Saudi-style fundamentalism , whose purpose was to hit Indian forces in Kashmir .
The army appears to be winning this time around , in marked contrast to its recent half-hearted confrontations with Taliban forces in neighboring tribal areas .
The Afghan Taliban , removed from power and routed from the country by the end of 2001 , needed only a few years to revive itself , owing to the failure of the Afghan government and its international backers to rebuild and stabilize the country .
Indeed , India 's growing influence and investment in Afghanistan is disturbing to Pakistan 's national security apparatus .
Rumsfeld 's charge -- vehemently denied by Syria -- now tops a long list of unresolved issues in Syria 's relations with the US : Syria 's open-ended military intervention in Lebanon and continued support of Hezbollah there ; its supposed involvement in the 1982 suicide attack in Beirut that killed 241 US Marines ; its continued support of various `` outlawed '' Palestinian groups ; and its allegedly growing stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons .
Nonetheless , if the Americans win in Iraq -- which they must in order to maintain their global credibility as a superpower -- their relations with their new Syrian neighbors will not be easy .
Each group is focused on determining its particular privileges while preserving the territorial integrity and national unity of a country growing increasingly fractious and fragile .
Crackdowns , detentions , and illegal trials thus exist hand in hand with a growing tolerance for creative initiatives .
Irani 's growing influence over the Syrian security apparatus is well established , and Iran is funding an effort to create Syrian Shia militias to compensate for Assad 's sagging support in the army and in the minority Alawite community .
Irresponsible borrowing by governments in international credit markets requires irresponsible lending .
Only governments that are chronically unable to finance their outlays with domestic taxes or domestic debt must keep borrowing large sums abroad .
But there is no process for winding up a state and no legal venue for renegotiating its debts .
Unlike the fracas over an American missile shield in Europe , this conflict shows no signs of blowing over , and threatens to damage further the rocky relationship between Russia and the West .
But Barghouti has begun speaking out from his jail cell on the political situation , and his presence is growing .
Both Hamas and Islamic Jihad are highly disciplined organizations , exercising tight control over their political and military wings .
Or , in the words of Abba Eban , it may be yet another opportunity to miss an opportunity . How the Palestinians respond depends largely on how the Palestinian body politic deals with the growing power of Palestinian Islamic movements , which undoubtedly expect a significant share of power in post-withdrawal Gaza . Will armed groups resume their fight against Israel , or will the Palestinian Authority act to defuse or combat the attacks ?
Similarly , Mohamed Deif , the leader of Hamas 's military wing , asserted on a recent videotape that the lesson of Gaza is that Israel can be forced out of the West Bank , Jerusalem , and Haifa .
It has agreed to participate , for the first time , in the election of the Palestinian Legislative Council , which is due in January 2006 , and it is expected to win a large number of seats .
There is also an American proposal to allow the Badr Brigade -- a wing of the Palestine Liberation Army that is currently stationed in Jordan -- to relocate to the Palestinian territories as Abbas 's rapid reaction force in Gaza in anticipation of a feared civil war .
With the Gaza Strip in its backyard , Egypt has already mediated several times between Hamas and Fatah , and has been trying , so far unsuccessfully , to arrange a swap of prisoners with Israel following Hamas 's abduction of Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit .
Following King Abdullah II of Jordan 's intervention , Israel appears to have agreed to allow the Badr Brigade 's entry with full arms and ammunition .
Owing to his influence with the Fatah militias , Barghouti 's release could help Abbas and the discredited Fatah leadership , and boost the younger generation of Fatah leaders .
For Israel , last summer 's fight with Hezbollah in Lebanon demonstrated the risks of allowing radical Islamists to consolidate their power on Israel 's border .
In the process , Hamas hopes to win the international legitimacy that it has long sought .
Israeli threats of renewing its war on Hamas in the Gaza Strip are taken very seriously .
An outbreak of violence could strengthen Hamas and its military wing , Al-Qassam Brigades , in the West Bank .
But there is a growing sense that the waiting game can not last much longer . Whatever comes next will most likely come soon .
The Global Fund is not perfect ; as with all new organizations , it is experiencing growing pains .
Higher oil prices increase America 's trade deficits , which in turn lower the value of the dollar . Owing to the inverse relationship between oil prices and the dollar , the weaker dollar increases oil prices , which increases the trade deficit further , putting more downward pressure on the dollar .
Europe lags behind the US in R&D , and its stinginess over defense contributes mightily to a growing high tech `` investment gap . ''
Total exports doubled in 1991-2001 , from US$ 12 billion to $ 25 billion , with industrial exports growing from $ 3 billion to $ 8 billion .
By keeping the price of public services frozen , the government would win on two fronts : inflation would be held in check and altered incentives would shift investment from the domestic sector towards exporting firms .
Here again , winning the battle for deregulation requires convincing consumers that they stand to benefit .
Europe is indeed old , and growing older .
The saving rates among Europe 's old people indicate that they are worried about the dwindling number of workers who can be taxed to support them .
But with fewer children , higher tax rates are needed to support the growing army of the old .
Even poor whites oppose redistributive policies , owing to racial distrust , if not downright animosity .
As time passes , the political support for reform dwindles , at least until the system blows up .
In the old Europe , with fragmented financial markets , Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder 's request that Mannesmann remain a German company in the face of a -LRB- successful -RRB- takeover bid by Vodaphone was tantamount to his following an order by the company 's mostly German shareholders .
In many developing countries , weak regulators and a widespread perception of corruption often stand in the way of pro-market reforms ; the left -LRB- populist or otherwise -RRB- can credibly argue that capitalism is `` corrupt '' and so must be taken under the wing of the government .
Germany is reunited and much of the Third World is growing faster than the First World , with computer software built in Bangalore and American graduate programs , including business schools , receiving thousands of application from smart Chinese students .
What about the hard working and fast-growing South Koreans ?
The over-representation of Western Europe and the under-representation of growing developing countries can not last .
Right wing white politicians , predisposed against taxes and redistribution , use the race issue to secure the votes of poor whites , who otherwise might vote differently on purely economic grounds .
I hope that the third one will win out , because it would mean relatively open borders , no discrimination , and less government intervention .
According to An agenda for a growing Europe , a report published by Oxford University Press in 2004 for the European Commission , 250,000 to 450,000 workers will go West during the first one to two years , followed by around 100,000 to 200,000 annually thereafter .
Given Western Europe 's growing need for labor in the years ahead , the question is not whether to have immigration , but only where that immigration is going to come from .
The importance of vacation time should come as no surprise to anyone who has experienced Europe 's deserted cities in August , the three-week vacation `` bridges '' in April and May in France and Italy , the `` rush hours '' that take place every Friday at 2 PM in German cities , and crowded ski slopes in February due to winter school vacations .
But knowing `` how '' Europeans work less is one thing ; knowing `` why '' Europeans work less than Americans is another .
They may not change by much the number of hours worked by the main breadwinner in a family -LRB- typically a man -RRB- , but they do influence the participation of women in the labor force .
India 's economy is growing almost as fast as China 's , with a similar increase in inequality and , to some extent , corruption .
Even slowing the economy is hard : lacking an efficient financial system , credit growth must be controlled directly through banks .
In Hungary the budget deficit is widening again , after narrowing to 4 % of GDP in 2001 .
To be sure , eventually they will become poor relative to other , faster growing economies .
There is not one shred of evidence showing that more openness to trade increases poverty , but anti-globalists do not let facts interfere with their ideology .
Statistical evidence shows that a hypothetical former colony of France , following hideous policies , with dictatorial and objectionable regimes , would receive much more aid from France than a non-former colony struggling and trying to adopt decent polices .
Following the launch of the ITA , America pressed APEC 's members for accelerated liberalization on a sectoral basis as a means to revive a stalled regional trade agenda .
It needs to connect better with its own citizens , to renew their support by showing that Europeans working together can foster growth and jobs , fight international crime , and secure a clean environment .
From my own long experience of negotiation , I know that talk of winners and losers is not just unhelpful , but misleading .
When Israel is described `` as the enemy of all good and the repository of all that is evil , '' says Professor Irwin Cotler , a member of Canada 's parliament , it becomes a `` teaching of contempt '' within the UN .
Specific negotiations on withdrawing American troops from Korea or on redeploying them from the DMZ to south of Seoul must be carried out according to these principles .
The Cyprus problem has reached a critical turning point , following a peace proposal put on the table by UN Secretary General Kofi Annan with a deadline impending at the end of February .
But the interior decoration had one unique element -- an artificial wall with windows separating a part of the restaurant hall .
`` In November 2006 , the -LRB- AKP dominated -RRB- Turkish parliament , as part of the reforms related to possible EU accession , passed a new law governing Lausanne religious minority foundations , easing procedures to establish foundations and allowing non-Turkish citizens in Turkey to open them ... Then President Ahmet Necdet Sezer -LRB- a staunch Kemalist -RRB- , however , vetoed the legislation .
There have been international reports and fundraising campaigns to support Iraqi refugees in Syria and Jordan , but the internally displaced have received less attention , despite their greater vulnerability , owing to their proximity to the conflict and the poor standard of basic services in Iraq .
Whereas between 25 % and 40 % of Iraqis may require food assistance at any given time , this figure is much higher for displaced people , owing to their poor access to the public distribution system .
But neither Luzhkov , nor whoever may replace him , must worry about voter approval , as the Kremlin appoints Moscow 's mayor , rather than allowing for free and fair elections -- a practice instituted a few years back by then-President Vladimir Putin for all such important positions across Russia .
Authoritarian regimes , owing to their lack of accountability , are dreadful at coping with anomalous situations .
The astounding difficulty of everyday survival following the USSR 's collapse trapped most Russians into focusing on their families ' most urgent needs .
Russia 's federal government and regional authorities are clearly alarmed by this rapidly growing civic activism .
Cultural differences are too strong to win voluntary compliance . It would be absurd to delegate education and culture to a supranational level .
Finally , high oil prices in the past 12 months provided an unexpectedly large windfall to the Iraqi budget , allowing for the financing of other sectors without slighting the oil industry .
But the question remains : will output growth continue following the transfer of sovereignty to an Iraqi government at the end of June ?
Even if President Bush wins reelection , it is highly unlikely that the US will make another outright grant to a sovereign Iraq .
Unfortunately , Iraq appears set to continue to be a major source of high oil prices , owing to highly erratic output .
But the Iranian government is under economic and political pressure to supply increasing amounts of electricity to its growing population and fragile economy .
Indeed , with domestic oil consumption growing at a higher rate than production , government revenues from oil exports are already in decline .
Moreover , when a crisis is winding down and there are openings for moderating influences , outside intervention can prove instrumental in enforcing peace and bringing warring factions to the negotiating table .
Its industry and population are growing dynamically , so its energy demands are producing geo-political synergy with Russia and Iran , neither of which can afford to cut the flow of oil and gas without provoking a massive internal crisis .
Even if the AKP can rely on the allegiance of millions of voters and swarms of new members anxious to join the winning side , the secularists are deeply entrenched in Turkey 's institutions , universities , media , and business .
The size of public debts , which had been ballooning in many countries during the crisis , together with growing competitiveness gaps between member states , began worrying markets .
GENEVA -- Cancer is an enormous -- and growing -- global public-health problem .
In some African countries , fewer than 15 % of cancer patients survive for five years following diagnosis of cervical and breast cancer , diseases that are highly curable elsewhere in the world .
While cancer deaths in wealthy countries are expected to increase less dramatically , they are nonetheless predicted to rise by a harrowing 40 % over the next 20 years .
In order to respond to the growing cancer epidemic , we need nothing less than concerted global action similar to the successful mobilization against HIV\/AIDS .
What should not be pursued is a rigid , vertical and artificial division of labor , whereby the US plays the lone global leader -LRB- with Europe simply following -RRB- while the EU concentrates exclusively on enlarging its `` house '' -LRB- with the US disengaging from Continental security -RRB- .
There seems little doubt that public opinion across the EU is increasingly drawing the same conclusions .
Economic rot sets in as the ranks of dependent citizens grow , productive citizens dwindle in number , and society eventually runs out of other people 's money .
With growing political uncertainty and a slowing economy , Egypt is likely to witness decreasing government revenues , increasing demands for urgent spending , and rising interest rates on government borrowing .
For three decades , Mubarak 's borrowing only enriched him and his ruling clique while impoverishing and repressing the rest of Egypt .
Perhaps most importantly , the days of borrowing to build a large state security apparatus would be gone for good -- worldwide .
In other cases , the Kremlin acts punitively , as when it cut off oil supplies to Lithuania following the sale of the Mazeikiu Nafta refinery to a Polish company , or to Ukraine after its people voted for the `` wrong '' party .
The Kremlin 's political battle to win control of Russia 's energy sector has resulted in a dramatic reduction in the growth rate of domestic oil and gas production .
These pragmatists stress the growing number of external challenges -- in the Balkans , Middle East , Africa or elsewhere -- requiring a concerted response .
A third argument , held by some French Gaullists and many EU left-wingers , says that Europe needs a common foreign and defense policy to resist American hegemony .
As a result , officials in Jiangsu are no longer content with sewing clothing .
Domestic consumption is growing .
From the perspective of companies , partnership is unattractive when they are forced to incur large losses owing to project disruptions and contract renegotiations .
Several of them , including Ethiopia , Malawi and South Africa , have already been allocated Special Drawing Rights to help them cope with the economic crisis .
The challenges of our time are many , complex and intertwined .
In the summer of 1997 , David was in Monrovia when Charles Taylor was inaugurated President of Liberia following an eight-year civil war .
`` We are growing free of imbalances and , in fact , gradually reducing our dependence on inflows of foreign exchange -- that 's key . ''
With foreign direct investment still flowing in , Brazil 's lower external vulnerability leaves the country in a much better position than ever before to weather the global storm -- at least for now .
Moreover , a recession or a slowdown in the US and Europe would hit Brazilian exports , narrowing Brazil 's trade surplus considerably .
The positive growth outlook , following an estimated 5.1 % GDP gain in 2007 , is presented as a reliable defense against external contagion .
The action , purportedly undertaken to reduce the prospect of landings and demonstrations by Japanese right-wingers , set off a brief , though frenzied , reaction in China , as well as in Hong Kong and Taiwan .
Demand for oil in Asia is growing rapidly , and with China and Japan increasingly dependent upon imports , each has naturally sought to improve its energy security by diversifying sources of supply .
Without Judge Garzón 's insistence on pursuing the matter , prosecuting Pinochet would have been nearly impossible , owing to powerful opposition from wealthy and media-savvy Chileans .
The Russians bombed numerous strategic and civilian targets in Georgia , destroying infrastructure and producing growing shortages of food , fuel , and medicine .
People of different nationalities and ethnicities have been living in this region side by side for centuries , sharing customs , traditions , bread and wine , and mutual respect for each another 's cultures and languages .
Some terrorist organizations have , of course , collapsed following the death of their charismatic leader .
When sectarian violence erupted there following the removal of Hosni Mubarak , the revolutionary coalitions adopted the slogan , `` You wo n't gloat over this , Mubarak . ''
Repressive dictatorships can not win free and fair elections . But they can use extreme violence to consolidate their control over the state , its people , and its institutions .
So , to win , Libya 's Colonel Muammar el-Qaddafi has deliberately and successfully turned a civil-resistance campaign into an armed conflict .
A study published by Columbia University on civil resistance has shown that the probability of a country relapsing into civil war following a successful anti-dictatorship armed campaign is 43 % , versus 28 % when the campaign is unarmed .
According to the same study , which was based on 323 cases of armed and unarmed opposition campaigns between 1900 and 2006 , the likelihood of democratic transition within five years following a successful armed opposition campaign is only 3 % , compared to 51 % when campaigns were unarmed .
Following the March 19 referendum , in which most Islamists campaigned for a package of constitutional amendments and got 77 % support , secularists took to the streets , mobilizing behind their own demands .
That , in turn , has reflected the fall in labor income as a share of the economy , owing in part to structural changes that have moved workers out of agriculture -LRB- where the labor share of income is high -RRB- and into manufacturing -LRB- where capital commands a larger share of income -RRB- .
This fall in income has been magnified by rising household savings rates , driven by insufficient insurance for health care and old age , the high cost of education , growing income inequality , and demographic trends .
Why has Sweden held out against the right-wing tide sweeping so much of Western Europe ?
He bolstered his image considerably after winning the 1994 election by tightening government finances and eliminating a huge fiscal deficit .
But he has done nothing remarkable since winning again in 1998 .
Unlike other Europeans , Swedes are thus much keener to keep taxes high , which guarantees a large left-wing vote .
But Prime Minister Persson , kowtowing to the trade unions , insists on blocking labor immigration altogether for the next decade .
The obvious conclusion that even ordinary Russians are drawing is that neither property rights nor people are safe .
A couple of weeks before his arrest , Khodorkovsky told me : `` I do not understand how they can win , given how many mistakes they make . ''
They are presumed to be on the verge of winning an overwhelming majority in the parliamentary elections due on December 7 , yet like Korzhakov and his clique , they could be routed .
The discredited election results suggested that the country is geographically and ethnically divided , with the democratic opposition candidate Yushchenko winning overwhelmingly in seventeen western and central regions , while Yanukovich dominated in ten eastern and southern regions .
Russia 's budget surplus has stood at more than 7 % of GDP in the last two years , public debt has dwindled to only 8 % of GDP , from 100 % in 1999 , and the current account surplus has averaged at 10 % of GDP for the last eight years .
Too many big investors can no longer meet their margin calls , while borrowing costs have risen sharply .
During the winter , Putin 's poor policy choices on the financial crisis undermined his power .
East European countries attracted large international capital flows , owing to loose global monetary policy and accommodating business conditions .
As their small and open economies were already heavily `` euro-ized , '' the pass-though of higher foreign prices into inflation would have been huge following any devaluation , which would also have broken their otherwise reasonably healthy banking systems .
Georgia 's `` Rose Revolution '' last winter demonstrated that the will to implement radical reform now exists .
The Black Sea is poised to become a key conduit for non-OPEC , non-Gulf oil and natural gas flowing into European markets and beyond .
Instability and separatism are growing in the northern Caucasus , making the broader region more volatile .
Far from burdening an already over-stressed , over-stretched global economy , environmental investments are exactly what is needed to get people back to work , get order books flowing , and assist in powering economies back to health .
The trillions of dollars that have been mobilized to address current woes , together with the trillions of investors ' dollars waiting in the wings , represent an opportunity that was unthinkable only 12 months ago : the chance to steer a more resource-efficient and intelligent course that can address problems ranging from climate change and natural-resource scarcity to water shortages and biodiversity loss .
Blindly pumping the current bail-out billions into old industries and exhausted economic models will be throwing good money after bad while mortgaging our children 's future .
Instead , political leaders must use these windfalls to invest in innovation , promote sustainable businesses , and encourage new patterns of decent , long-lasting employment .
Despite strong scientific evidence showing sharp declines in the populations of all three , every proposal for tougher trade controls on these marine species -- along with more than 30 species of coral -- failed to secure the necessary two-thirds majority .
Such a calibrated approach , however , combining a differentiated understanding of the nature of Saddam 's regime and its weaknesses , has a better chance of success than an outright assault , or the dangers inherent in allowing Saddam to remain in power .
Throwing such disparate groups into one body politic doomed the newly invented country to decades of strife and repression .
Israel 's response to Hamas 's victory will obviously be complicated by its own elections on March 28 , and by a government headed by an interim prime minister , Ehud Olmert , owing to Sharon 's incapacitation just weeks after leaving Likud and founding a new , centrist party , Kadima -LRB- Forward -RRB- .
Despite Sharon 's absence , Kadima maintains its lead in public opinion polls -- the most recent gave it 44 of the Knesset 's 120 seats , compared to 21 for Labor and 14 for the right-wing rump-Likud , under Binyamin Netanyahu .
One of the paradoxical results of America 's almost messianic belief in elections as a panacea for all the ills of the Middle East is that Hamas -- the winner of democratic elections -- has gained a degree of legitimacy that it never had before .
If the government were to fall and new elections held , there are strong indications that the winner might be Binyamin Netanyahu , of the right-wing Likud , which was decimated in the 2006 elections , but is now patiently waiting in the wings .
By then , it had become clear that Turkey 's road to the European Union had been closed , somewhat rudely , owing mainly to combined German and French pressure .
Brazil 's President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva may have stepped on a hornets ' nest , owing to his unfamiliarity with regional policies and his general anti-Yanqui sentiments .
Instead , it wrought for France -- and much of Europe -- Jacobin terror , right-wing counter-terror , decades of war , and eventually Napoleonic tyranny .
OXFORD -- Emerging markets -- Brazil , China , India , Indonesia , Mexico , Russia , Turkey , and some 15 other countries in Africa , Asia , Europe , and Latin America -- account for a rapidly growing share of the world 's population and economy .
In my own country , Pakistan , Karachi is growing at a rate of 1,000 people per day .
The question was whether the children were victims of discrimination owing to their national minority status .
So , in the current case , the alleged discrimination does not stem from the law itself , but from its effects , with the plaintiffs relying mainly on statistics showing the over-representation of Roma in special schools .
The statistics showing the enormous proportion of Roma children in those schools are hard to ignore , and the suspicion of discrimination is difficult to avoid .
The IMF can play an important role in this regard , owing to its truly global perspective -- one that encompasses both advanced economies and emerging and developing economies , which are increasingly integrating into the global financial system .
More concessional finance will be available for low-income countries , and international liquidity will be increased by a hand-out of $ 250 billion in special drawing rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- .
By early adoption I mean the shortest permissible period of time - two years - following a new member subordinating its monetary policy to the fiscal and monetary constraints of the exchange rate mechanism -LRB- ERM II -RRB- .
Nor is there much risk of large , future corrective price swings because all but a few prices are completely liberalized .
Although he did not win all his intellectual battles , rarely can it be said with as much certainty that a man was great , and that the work that he has left behind will retain enduring influence .
Lessons from the Kaczy?ski 's Poland The defeat of the Kaczy?ski twins ' Law and Justice Party -LRB- PiS -RRB- in Poland brought sighs of relief across Europe .
The PiS-led government , elected in 2005 , inherited a fast-growing economy , but did nothing to strengthen that legacy .
The PiS captured the public media , the general prosecutor 's office was politicized , and , with the use of the media , was turned into a tool of party propaganda aimed at showing that Poland was ruled by malicious hidden forces , known as the uk?ad , which cheated Poles and kept them poor .
Of course , it is not easy for reformers to win elections .
-LRB- However , if the crisis follows reforms , populist politicians may win by blaming the reforms , instead of their incomplete nature , as in Argentina . -RRB-
Reformers can win elections if they are better at public communication than the populists .
Interestingly , all the available measures of actual corruption were already declining before the Kaczy?ski twins were elected .
Likewise , the European Central Bank 's monetary policy should `` lean against the wind '' by paying more attention to the development of asset bubbles .
Growing up in India in the 1980 's , our lifestyle was very different from today 's .
Elsewhere , prisons in Rwanda are using their 30,000 inmates ' sewage to provide biogas for cooking and compost for growing vegetables .
The reasons are connected to Premier Ivica Racan 's unwillingness to tackle the centers of power left behind by the regime of the late President Franjo Tudjman , whose nationalist-minded party , the Croatian Democratic Union -LRB- HDZ -RRB- , was voted out of office in January 2001 following Tudjman 's death in December 1999 .
In September 2000 , following the assassination of a Hague Tribunal witness and the arrest of a Croatian commander accused of massacring Serbs in 1991 , twelve army generals published a letter calling for the defense of Croat veterans and a halt to `` the negative and historically unfounded representation '' of Croatia 's record in the Balkan wars .
Imagine that the Olympic Committee represented only the interests of gold medal winners , or that the Education Ministry represented only post-doctoral programs but ignored elementary schools .
In the late 1970 's , Chinese peasants had long since lost their rights to own their land , owing to collectivization and the establishment of the People 's Commune .
The dreadful result was the indiscriminate denial of civil rights and the principles of democracy , and the rise of what today 's leaders call `` socialism with Chinese characteristics '' -- a bitter euphemism for unchecked Party and government power entwined with commercial interests .
The spread of nuclear technology and the growing risk of nuclear terrorism make it imperative that we get it right this time .
BERKELEY -- Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao 's forthcoming trip to India , following hard on the heels of President Barack Obama 's recent visit , will provide another opportunity for the media to gush about the growing global economic clout of China and India .
When a country 's newly discovered natural resource abundance leads to windfall wealth , investment in the rest of its economy shifts away from the tradeables sector -LRB- mainly manufactured exports -RRB- and into the nontradeables sector -LRB- mainly consumer goods and services -RRB- .
If and when the natural resource generating the windfall wealth -LRB- in this case , oil and gas -RRB- disappears , the economy is left with too few competitive industries and too many empty bookstore-cafes .
If Norway is to avoid succumbing to the Dutch disease , there can be only one solution . With the importance of the tradeables sector dwindling away , the nontradeables sector must increase its productivity and output .
As so often in the rest of the world , windfall wealth such as came to Norway because of its oil and gas , can be a curse as much as it is a blessing .
These countries , like Norway , were winners in the natural resource lottery . But that is no guarantee that they will remain rich after the payments stop .
From the turmoil in the 1920 's , following administrative reforms , to labor protests in the 1950 's , the country is accustomed to agitation . As a result , factional strife is unlikely to panic the rulers and is even less likely to persuade them that the king must abdicate to save the country .
Today , Saleh 's support among his top generals is dwindling .
And , unlike in Egypt , where the ruling party was detested and out of touch with the masses , Yemen 's General People 's Congress has some following in society .
On the military side , simmering tensions between two officers are frustrating combat strategy . Colonel Khalifa Hifter , a close Qaddafi supporter before he deserted following his capture by Chadian forces in 1987 during Libya 's war with its southern neighbor , has proved unwilling to fall into line behind the chief of staff , former Interior Minister Abdul Fatah Younis . Such political and military spats are likely to continue as officials attempt to consolidate their positions .
In a few short weeks , the Libyan opposition has been able to win the support of the population in the east without accomplishing much more than forming a provisional political body .
Thus , one should pay tribute to the resilience of Dutch Muslims as they resist the provocations of the right-wing politician Geert Wilders , who is bent on releasing a film that can only inflame public prejudice against Islam .
China could help to lessen growing tensions by recognizing these concerns as reasonable .
The Party has so far been following a more conventional strategy : last week it sent a delegation of officials to the US -LRB- the first ever sent , it said , to have been composed solely of Tibetans -- a fact that one might expect them to have been embarrassed to admit -RRB- and had its leader , Shingtsa Tenzin Choedak , tell journalists that Tibetans enjoy freedom of religion .
If we do not act quickly , the 40 poorest countries , predominantly in sub-Saharan Africa and Latin America , will by 2080 lose from 10 % to 20 % of their basic grain-growing capacity due to drought .
Instead of banning or freely allowing all dangerous products , we need to identify products that are valuable to some customers but not all -- call them `` prescription financial products '' -- and create a body of registered finance professionals -LRB- RFPs -RRB- who are empowered to certify the purchase of these products by individuals .
The following typology helps explain why some economies grow more rapidly than others .
Governments allocate credit -LRB- through direct bank ownership or by guiding credit decisions by privately owned banks -RRB- , provide direct subsidies and\/or tax incentives , grant trade protection , or use other regulatory devices in an attempt to `` pick winners . ''
When government officials rather than markets then try to choose the next winners , they run a great risk of choosing the wrong industries , or channeling too much investment -- and thus excess capacity -- into existing sectors .
The association was present in all major regions of the world , with an estimated 46 % increased risk following adjustment for other risk factors .
The use of aspirin in young children is contraindicated , owing to the risk of Reye 's syndrome , a rare but serious complication .
Yes , over the last decade , there has been growing use of global governance standards , largely developed in the United States , to assess how countries and companies around the world protect minority investors .
Following the adoption of this legislation , political spending remained significant but fell somewhat below previous levels .
Legal rules allowing corporations to spend on politics are premised on the view that expression of corporations ' positions has a legitimate role in the political marketplace .
Following the crisis , this problem has become widely recognized , including by business leaders such as Goldman Sachs ' CEO Lloyd Blankfein .
In the US , for example , new securities laws were passed following the stock market crash of 1929 , and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act was adopted in 2002 , in the immediate aftermath of the collapse of the Internet bubble and the Enron and WorldCom scandals .
Life at the South China Morning Post , Hong Kong 's leading English language newspaper , and so a visible political gauge , offers a window into what is going on all across Hong Kong 's institutions .
When boundaries were negotiated for Three Parallel Rivers Park -- designated a UNESCO World Heritage site in 2003 -- local authorities won a fight to exclude Tiger Leaping Gorge , knowing that a dam there would triple tax revenues .
True , international action can help to deal with the twin problems of poverty and environmental degradation .
Until now , the countries of emerging Europe withstood the global financial squeeze remarkably well , coping with the slowdown in important export markets and increased borrowing costs .
Some foreign banks are now withdrawing liquid funds from subsidiaries in emerging Europe .
Georgia 's experiences following its recent war with Russia offer a possible model .
Converting Syria An Arab-Israeli peace requires a comprehensive approach , because the problems at stake are intertwined .
But a Syrian-Israeli peace would drive a wedge between Syria and Iran , thereby cutting off Hezbollah 's lines of arms supply while allowing the vital task of stabilizing Lebanon to succeed .
In addition to reviewing the state of the Israeli-Palestinian negotiations , the November Middle East conference that President George W. Bush has called should begin to build a platform for an Israeli-Syrian negotiating track and a region-wide forum where clear rules of conduct and engagement are agreed by all .
It was clear to him that Israel was a nuclear power that , in October 1973 , had once again proven itself to be unbeatable in a conventional war -- a war Sadat himself had never expected to win when he launched it .
The centrality of hereditary succession in the quest for peace and stability was shown by Hafez al-Assad when he agreed to unprecedented good will gestures aimed at drawing Ehud Barak 's Israeli government into a peace deal .
The Iranians now see themselves as immune from an American attack on their nuclear installations , for America 's troubles in Iraq and the growing opposition to the war in the US are a signal to them that America 's strategy of pre-emptive wars has failed .
A US-backed Israeli-Syrian peace could transform the strategic environment , potentially drawing other Middle East spoilers into a system of regional cooperation and security .
But America 's dwindling leverage can not match the influence of the region 's `` axis of evil . ''
As the launch of the peace process at the 1991 Madrid International Peace Conference demonstrated , the prospects for peace in the Middle East always needed a concerted international push to exploit windows of opportunity .
After all , America 's global leverage is dwindling even as its army remains the most sophisticated military machine in history .
By showing that the United States has lost its monopoly on the unilateral use of force , and by invading an American ally -- which even the Soviet Union never dared -- Russia blatantly challenged the Pax Americana that emerged from the US victory in the Cold War .
Europe 's persistence in snubbing Turkey 's attempts to join the European Union , the rise of violent anti-Western popular sentiment in the wake of the Iraq war , and strained relations with the US -- owing in part to the forthcoming Armenian Genocide Act -- are major factors in Turkey 's change of direction .
The Islamic revolution in Iran , the changes in Ethiopia following the end of Haile Selassie 's rule , the collapse of Maronite Lebanon , and Hezbollah 's takeover of that country left Turkey as the last remaining member of Israel 's Alliance of the Periphery .
The Government of Southern Sudan suffers from serious financial constraints , owing to unrealistic assumptions about its oil revenues .
A Farewell to -LRB- Glorious -RRB- War In recent days , Italy 's government fell after losing a parliamentary vote on the country 's troop deployment in Afghanistan , while Britain and Denmark announced that they are to begin withdrawing their troops from Iraq .
Al Qaeda , inextricably entwined with the Taliban , would also claim victory if America had signaled a retreat .
That program focuses on the Afghanization of the development process , as well as on allowing the security forces to operate autonomously .
Russia 's economic influence in Afghanistan is far less robust , but it is growing .
Obama 's current `` winter of discontent '' genuinely reflects the mixed record of his first year .
The Massachusetts electoral debacle only highlighted the growing rift between the president 's agenda and popular sensibilities .
Iraq is showing some positive signs of political and institutional recovery , but the omens for the future remain , in Obama 's own words , `` messy . ''
The paradox is that America might be winning the war for Arab democracy , even if by default , but can not reap the benefits , simply because the emerging pattern of Islamic pluralistic politics does not coincide with the West 's brand of secular liberal democracy .
King Muhammad VI of Morocco has already indicated that the Crown would consider a `` historic compromise '' with the Islamists should they , as predicted , win the elections in June 2007 .
This is certainly the case with the analogy that Israeli leaders insist on drawing between the destruction of European Jewry in the Holocaust and the threat posed to the Jewish state by a nuclear-armed Iran .
A year ago , knowing full well that Iran was irreversibly on its way to getting the bomb , he soberly challenged Netanuyahu 's dangerous distortion of history .
Viewing the current conflict between such formidable military powers as Israel and Iran through a similar lens can only breed untold catastrophe .
Cheap Haitian labor has become a substitute for less-skilled Dominican labor in a way that increases income inequalities , and puts a special burden on the country 's public finances and services , owing to lower tax revenues .
To block a move aimed at outlawing his Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- , Erdogan also domesticated Turkey 's constitutional court -- together with the army a watchdog of Kemalism -- by arbitrarily changing its composition .
Indeed , Turkey 's growing regional relevance is the measure of the Arabs ' failure .
A peace process conceived as a means to weaken and isolate the winners of an election -- Hamas -- is unlikely to gain much traction .
This , more than anything else , explains the growing disconnect between Arab public opinion and the Obama administration .
In other words , such a process would deal with the issues of 1967 -- defining a border -LRB- including Jerusalem -RRB- , withdrawing and dismantling settlements , putting in place security arrangements , and the Palestinians ' assumption of full governance responsibility -- while shelving for the future those of 1948 .
Indeed , the list of Nobel Peace Prize laureates is not lacking in men -- Roosevelt , George Marshall , Menachem Begin , Anwar Sadat , Yitzhak Rabin , Yasser Arafat , and Henry Kissinger -- who either ended up recognizing the limits of military power or were simply following Clausewitz 's dictum that war is the continuation of politics by other means .
Some Arab leaders still toy with the idea that overthrowing him might yet salvage a united Sudan , but it is probably too late for that .
Even Turkey , an ally of Iran whose prime minister , Recep Tayyip Erdo?an , sharply criticized the military intervention against Libya -- lashing out at the West for viewing the region as `` as a pawn in oil wars for decades '' -- called on Iran to restrain its bellicose rhetoric during the Bahrain crisis .
Fully aware of the bitter legacy of Palestinian disinheritance following the 1948 war , Dayan refused to blame the murderers .
These are trying economic times for the US , largely owing to imperial overstretch financed by Chinese credit .
Bush 's Flawed Middle East Peace Plan That a summit in Damascus of the Middle East 's `` axis of evil '' -- Iran , Hezbollah , Syria , and Hamas -- was convened immediately following President George W. Bush 's call for a conference of `` moderates '' to promote an Israeli-Palestinian peace demonstrates once again how intertwined the region 's problems are .
It was during Yitzhak Rabin 's government in the early 1990 's that Israel and Iran entered into open conflict , owing to the changing strategic environment after America 's victory in the first Gulf War and the collapse of the Soviet Union .
This would not be achieved , however , through an inevitably imperfect sanctions regime , or by America 's resort to Cold War logic aimed at breaking Iran 's backbone by drawing it into a ruinous arms race .
Iran 's growing regional influence does not stem from its military expenditures , which are far lower than those of its enemies , but from its challenge to America and Israel through an astute use of soft power .
Anwar 's bizarre trial and sentencing on charges of sodomy and abuse of power invigorated the reformasi movement , as growing anti-UMNO and anti-Mahathir sentiments took hold among Islamic-minded Malays .
Within Eastern Europe , capital has sought out the countries with the most rapid growth , following the overwhelming pattern in emerging markets .
While the crisis clearly slowed the pace of new reforms , it has led to far fewer reform reversals than in 1998-1999 , for example , following the crisis in Russia .
Following the Asian crisis , the region 's economies underwent intense internal and external scrutiny .
A significant part was financed by non-debt-creating inflows of foreign direct investment , but external borrowing , particularly by the private sector , also grew very rapidly .
Allowing foreign banks ' subsidiaries to become orphaned amid a worsening crisis in home countries would undermine confidence in emerging Europe 's financial systems , which could trigger asset-price declines and precipitous contractions in credit .
In 2008 , such a catastrophic scenario was narrowly avoided , owing to policy intervention , including the coordination effort under the so-called Vienna Initiative -LRB- in which the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development , among others , was involved -RRB- .
`` Thirteen Days , '' a new film about the Cuban Missile Crisis , will soon be showing in many countries .
The decisions taken and not taken over the following 13 days could have led to nuclear war .
So American eyes are turning elsewhere : to China with its 1.3 billion people and an economy growing at 8-10 % , year in and year out , and to India , with its 1.1 billion people and 6 % annual growth .
While America increases its population somewhat , due to normal reproductive rates and large immigration flows , Europe 's share of the world 's population is approaching a mere 4 % and seems doomed to growing older as it shrinks even more .
Most constitutions - including the American one - aspire to `` freeze history , '' or to set up a lasting institutional order that will resist the winds of change .
Instead , they saw themselves as following Europe 's long established pattern of step-by-step integration .
BERLIN : Nato 's next summit will take place in Prague in the winter of 2002 -- that is , if President Bush does n't call his allies together before then .
But postponement is not a viable option , for the following reasons :
Moreover , at the next Summit following Prague , the Baltics must be at any rate be granted what , in view of their history , they have every right to demand : to be part of a stability alliance that is a matter of course for western democracies .
Wherever in today 's world revolt is quashed by military oppression , the oppressors claim that they are only following America 's lead .
In the long blockade against Napoleonic France , captains in Britain 's Royal Navy would on the eve of battle drink the following toast : `` Confusion to the French ! ''
What used to succeed as a win-win arrangement for big and small alike , now appears as a zero-sum game to many of them .
This does not imply kowtowing to every American view and whim or foregoing efforts to strengthen European defense cooperation .
If Bush and Schroeder are now showing the world how well they get along together , it is not because they are off to a new start , but because it suits their tactical interests .
The divisions are no less marked in another transatlantic quarrel , this one over whether to lift the European Union 's embargo on arms exports to China , imposed following the Tiananmen Square massacre 15 years ago .
Even during the Vietnam War and following its humiliating withdrawal from Southeast Asia , there was never any serious doubt about America 's authority and ability to deal with what was then the central strategic challenge , the Cold War .
But , even in the US , policy-setting officials , such as Thomas Hoenig , President of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City , express concern that inflation expectations may become unanchored , owing to the massive expansion of government debt and the Fed 's balance sheet since the financial crash in 2008 .
As it happened , we wiped the floor with them , winning by an unprecedented margin of 80 % to 20 % .
But , while this theme continues to play well in Washington , no serious scholar buys into it , owing to the compelling refutations published in 1992 by Robert Feenstra , the most accomplished trade policy empiricist today , and in 1994 by Stanford 's Paul Romer .
Often , jobs that would have disappeared anyway , owing to high costs in the US and other rich countries , have resurfaced where costs are lower , thus providing services that would have been lost otherwise .
Obama 's surrender exemplified the doctrine that one retreat often leads to another , with new lobbyists following in others ' footsteps .
NEW DELHI -- When US President Barack Obama visited India in November and complimented its leaders on the growing success and prowess of their economy , a tacit question returned to center stage : Will China grow faster than India indefinitely , or will India shortly overtake it ?
But now , given China 's one-child policy and lack of adequate infrastructure -LRB- including housing -RRB- in rapidly growing areas , labor is getting scarce and wages are rising .
Globalization Marches On LONDON -- In a recent symposium in the Financial Times on globalization 's prospects in 2011 , the columnist Gideon Rachman observed that , `` When Barack Obama visited India recently , the US President warned his hosts that the debate about globalization has reopened in the West , '' and that `` a backlash ... is forming ... and growing in advanced economies . ''
In the case of foreign investment and aid flows , the West went further , viewing them as being motivated by altruism , or `` benign intent , '' whereas the East regarded globalization in a world of poor and rich nations as implying `` malign impact . ''
Following the Internet boom of the late 1990 's , job creation slowed , while efficiency improvements continued to reduce the labor required by the `` old '' goods and services .
Borrowing increases risk in any business : you ca n't go bankrupt if you have no debt .
Heavy borrowing also encourages owners and managers to go for broke , because it 's the creditors who bear most of the downside risk .
Limits on borrowing that make it difficult to earn an adequate return on equity encourage banks to load up on riskier , high-profit-margin loans -- and requiring banks to hold more capital for supposedly riskier categories of assets exacerbates the problem .
Instead , the French and German leaders are really responding to the growing unpredictability of today 's emerging European order .
The EU 's foreign policy should be guided by the following goals :
Developing countries will also need to play their part , significantly slowing and peaking emissions growth in the coming decades .
Emerging markets are leading the recovery , but a number of them must contend with the risks of overheating and growing financial imbalances .
This prospect literally gives me the shivers . Not only may the future be less radiant , but the adjustments that will be required once reality sets in could set off a nastier recession and a more persistent slowing of the economy than anything predicted today .
The US budget has gone from a surplus of 1.4 % of GDP in 2000 to a forecast deficit of 4.6 % in 2003 , a 6 % swing -- of which about 5 % is due to changes in policy rather than the weak economy .
America and Europe are not only following divergent economic policies , but their currencies are also diverging because the world is going through a major exchange-rate realignment .
Acclaimed as a national hero among radical right-wingers , the iron-fisted Park Chung-hee ruled South Korea from 1963 to 1979 , in the wake of the 1961 military coup , only to be assassinated by his intelligence chief .
If she wins , it will be the result of her seriousness and tenacity , not her political heritage .
The 1980 's was a harrowing decade for most Latin American countries .
Latin America 's rapidly growing economies are particularly vulnerable , as they are forced to confront both China 's exchange-rate inflexibility and the impact of dollar devaluation arising from the US Federal Reserve 's expansionary monetary policy .
Moreover , global deleveraging is asymmetric , with Latin American economies growing fast and advanced markets lagging -- all of which may call for a real exchange-rate correction and thus justify revaluation of the region 's major currencies .
To the extent that this outcome remains a distinct possibility , the financial Dutch Disease represents a serious threat to fast-growing emerging markets .
In challenging groups like Al Qaeda , they must understand that they are engaged in a war of ideas ; winning the hearts - and the lifestyles - of societies is the only way to win that battle .
On top of all this , rapidly growing public debt implies that new entrants to the labor market will sooner or later face a mountain of taxes .
It has spent over $ 170 billion in Afghanistan , and yet Al Qaeda and the Taliban are growing stronger .
With five years of Iraqi experience -- and powerful communication and financial support behind them -- this network is growing rapidly .
Moreover , after his career is over , he is unlikely to become a manager of his sport like Jean-Claude Killy , the former Alpine skier who was co-president of the 1992 winter Olympics , or his fellow football legend Michel Platini , who helped coordinate the 1998 World Cup .
Nevertheless , Zidane will remain a global icon , owing to his profoundly human character and his extreme simplicity .
A mother of four children who proclaims to believe in traditional family values , she is attractive to right-wing voters , while her non-matrimonial relationship with Hollande makes her seem a quintessentially modern woman .
And Jospin was considered the only possible winner in 2002 , before finishing third , behind Chirac and Jean-Marie Le Pen .
Indeed , all left-wing parties denounce Sarkozy 's rupture with the Fifth Republic 's military\/diplomatic heritage .
In allowing so many lives to be blighted through genital mutilation , we degrade ourselves and our world .
In recent years , a number of countries , often after painful reforms , have become democratic , showing that it is possible to `` globalize '' democracy as well as trade .
Revealingly , the Vatican , knowing that it can not win , is currently campaigning strongly for mass abstention .
In an era of growing concern about religious fundamentalism , liberal democratic institutions must reaffirm their role in protecting individual rights for all .
Because of the serious threat that the illegal drug economy poses to stability and democracy in Afghanistan , we must start thinking in terms of regulated poppy growing for medical purposes , in particular for painkillers , with the active participation of donor countries and the UN itself .
It would also provide Afghan peasants , who have been growing poppy despite forced eradication of the plant and incentives to change crops , with an option that is regulated by law and that , in time , could have an impact on the heroin trade .
Finally , a third lesson -- relevant to the fight against the death penalty and , indeed , to winning any political battle -- is perseverance , which I consider to be a mix of pig-headedness and the ability to maintain one 's position .
In the absence of a strong and credible EU-wide commitment to stop the contagion , other eurozone countries hit by the sovereign-debt crisis have been following a similar script .
As former members of our countries ' congresses we believe that it is time to create a North American Parliamentary Union -LRB- NAPU -RRB- to address the growing number of big issues that North America 's national governments have pushed to the sidelines .
Grading Latin America 's Left BOGOTA -- In January 2006 , a few days after Evo Morales ' election as President of Bolivia , Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez predicted that a new wave of left-wing governments would sweep across Latin America .
Five years later , it is time to ask how well Latin America 's left-wing administrations have done .
Throughout Latin America , the poor and marginalized are growing in number .
These twin benefits complement the scale advantages of free-trade areas .
But the weaker economies get the inflation credibility of the ECB and protection from severe exchange-rate swings .
The point at which the economy stops growing is called the `` peak , '' and the point at which it stops contracting , the `` trough . '' The period from the point at which the economy starts to grow again until the point at which it reaches the previous peak is called the `` recovery . ''
While the baseline forecast seems to be slow global growth -- in the US around 3 % , about half the usual pace following deep recessions -- history suggests that another decline would hardly be surprising before sustained stronger growth emerges .
While the euro faces strong headwinds , the dollar 's early sailing was n't always smooth , either .
It has a vast and growing prison population , with annual spending on each incarcerated inmate equivalent to a middle-income California household 's after-tax income .
The revenue is all spent on the upswing , forcing disruptive emergency cutbacks on the way down .
It winds up borrowing `` temporarily '' with short-term debt ; then , as borrowing accumulates , it is refinanced with longer-term securities .
STANFORD -- Canada 's Prime Minister Stephen Harper , by winning an outright majority of seats in his country 's parliament for the first time since assuming office , continues a remarkable series of national election victories , backed by voters demanding at least a pause , and perhaps some reversal , of the growth of the welfare state .
Moreover , Harper 's victory follows the Republican Party 's resounding 2010 triumph in the United States ' mid-term election , a campaign largely fought on the size and scope of government , following the massive expansion of public spending in the wake of the financial crisis and recession .
The following trends stand out :
But the size of the welfare state -- and the erosion of incentives to work , save , and invest , owing to high taxes and bloated transfer payments -- is a major impediment to faster income growth .
The Obama administration adopted this option , following the unpopular Troubled Asset Relief Program , which injected hundreds of billions of public dollars into the banking system -LRB- most of which has been repaid -RRB- .
Sometimes , strong recoveries follow recessions , but recovery following financial crises is always immensely painful , time-consuming , and traumatic .
Obama 's long-run budget calls for much higher spending , higher taxes , and an explosion of debt that will crowd out borrowing in capital markets by private companies , state and local governments , and developing countries .
Unfortunately , the numbers do n't add up and he is laying twin time bombs with the explosion of federal government debt and inefficient government micromanagement of the economy .
It is appropriate to finance -LRB- some -RRB- long-lived public-capital investment by government borrowing , since the benefits will accrue for many years , and future taxpayers might equitably bear part of the burden .
The US federal government 's borrowing exceeded tax revenues in every year since the end of World War II .
Large deficits shift the bill for today 's consumption to future generations and can crowd out private investment , thereby slowing the improvement of living standards .
Once again , governments are using subsidies , mandates , regulation , and capital investment to pick industrial winners and losers , rather than using a broad , even-handed approach .
Governments should not be in the game of using subsidies , taxes , regulation , mandates , loans , and investments to pick particular winners .
Allowing governments to pick industrial winners and losers is just as bad an idea today .
The global economic and financial crisis has precipitated an immense expansion of central government spending , borrowing -LRB- and hence future taxing -RRB- , lending , regulation , and mandates , some in `` aid '' to sub-national governments -LRB- about $ 200 billion in the US stimulus bill -RRB- .
The fundamental problem for Greece is its bloated fiscal commitments , enabled by lower borrowing costs when it joined the euro .
The constitutional balanced-budget rules -LRB- for operating budgets , with borrowing allowed for capital spending such as school construction -RRB- found in many US states have by and large worked well , and Germany has recently moved in this direction .
The EU has expanded from six members to 25 , with Bulgaria , Romania , Croatia , and Turkey waiting in the wings .
The EU welcomed the inclusion last year of the following clause in the Chinese Constitution : `` The government respects and protects the human rights of the people . ''
It is no longer about message or content - it is just one more form of entertainment , and what matters is who wins and who loses .
Instead of allowing donors to claim individual compensation for their tissue , a tax would be imposed every time a tissue-based application actually yields a profit .
Sunnis also will support the government , at least initially , because it represents their only opportunity to win what they consider their share of power , resources , and revenues .
They enjoy relative economic prosperity , and their political institutions are growing more effective and efficient .
The central government 's weakness , continued insurgent violence , growing Iranian influence in Baghdad and with Shiite powerbrokers in the south , and the natural progression of sectarian politics suggest that the new Iraq will be markedly less stable as the year draws to a close .
China 's senior leaders always closely monitor spontaneous public expressions of nationalist fervor , fearful that shifting winds might blow an unwelcome storm in their direction .
Television coverage of athletes gasping for breath will hardly provide Beijing with the signature Olympic image it had in mind , and growing international anxiety over climate change and other environmental hazards will ensure that such issues receive considerable media coverage .
What we do know that Chinese officials have never faced a challenge of this scale with such a potential to both win and lose face .
In Taiwan , outgoing President Chen Shui-bian is stirring the independence pot , knowing that the Olympic spotlight will limit Beijing 's ability to respond forcefully .
The Party leadership has grown more self-assured in its growing international role , but its ability to manage the pace of change at home has become more uncertain .
He and Premier Wen Jiabao have also championed a more `` harmonious '' society , because they understand that the growing wealth gap , social tensions , environmental and public health problems , and the Party 's tenuous relationship with China 's less advantaged people can no longer be neglected .
First , high commodity prices yield windfall profits for the region 's leading producers of raw materials .
Growing demand for energy , metals , and minerals -- particularly in China -- has driven unprecedented levels of foreign investment .
While Yar ` Adua could use the goodwill that he has built up over the past year to win by an even larger margin , the 90-day election campaign would almost certainly trigger civil unrest , and Nigeria 's leadership would be too busy navigating domestic political rivalries to help stabilize conflicts elsewhere in Africa .
Solid economic expansion and one of the world 's fastest-growing stock markets have not helped the country avert a deepening political crisis and mounting ethnic violence since disputed presidential election results in December .
In 2007 , arguing that it was their turn to choose a chief executive , they bitterly opposed a bid by then-President Olusegun Obasanjo , a southerner and a Christian , to rewrite Nigeria 's constitution in hopes of winning a third term .
Attacks on pipelines have recently intensified ahead of a planned summit meeting between the government and various militia leaders , as small groups of militants stage attacks on oil infrastructure in the Delta to establish their relevance and win a potentially lucrative seat at the negotiating table .
The challenges facing US President Barack Obama as he tries to win support for risky and expensive policy options from quarrelsome Democrats and obstinate Republicans will create some tortured legislative compromises .
The Greek Crisis and Beyond NEW YORK -- As euro-zone leaders face growing uncertainty in financial markets about the public finances of Greece and other member countries , their statements , albeit somewhat vague , underscore a much larger story -- one that will force firms and investors to question their assumptions about Europe 's economic , financial , and political environment .
Greece 's troubles have encouraged some to wonder aloud if the euro zone can survive its growing internal imbalances .
With so much political friction in Iran and Iraq , it is easy to overlook the growing unrest in Nigeria , the world 's eighth-largest oil exporter .
The four-month clock began ticking on May 3 , following the first meeting of Iraq 's new parliament .
If they use the good news to begin withdrawing significant numbers of the foreign troops who bolster Iraq 's stability at a crucial and vulnerable moment , they will have undermined the project to which both have devoted so much political capital .
After conservative candidate Felipe Calderon was declared the winner by less than 1 % of the vote , his populist rival , Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador , quickly claimed fraud .
In a second vote , the election 's loser was crowned the winner .
Indeed , while Lopez Obrador continues to denounce the outcome and has threatened to make Mexico ungovernable , Mexico 's growing middle class has taken the political conflict in stride .
On October 1 , Khamenei called on Ahmadinejad to address the growing problem .
Easing tensions will not win Bush points with those who prefer a muscular strategy .
Then there is the broader and growing conflict with Iran .
Arab governments have been especially angry over the chaos in Iraq , fearing that the US will abandon the Sunni minority to the not-so-tender mercies of revenge-minded Shi'a and expressing growing anxiety that the war has empowered Iran to extend Shi'a influence throughout the Middle East .
They are also much more likely to win international support than sanctions that would remove Iran 's oil and gas supplies from the international marketplace .
Since seizing power following a 1999 coup , Musharraf has survived at least three serious assassination attempts .
That is the strategy the military adopted in 1988 , following the mysterious plane crash that killed former President -LRB- and General -RRB- Mohammed Zia ul-Haq . The army leadership ordered elections , permitted the formation of a civilian government , and then stage-managed the political process from the wings .
The economy was growing , and he and Tymoshenko began to tackle the country 's black hole of corruption .
Given that Yushchenko has almost no chance of winning the next presidential election , Tymoshenko has made him a generous offer .
Neo-conservatism has served as a badge of unity for those in the Bush administration advocating an aggressive foreign policy , massive military spending , disdain for international law and institutions , an assault on the welfare state , and a return to `` traditional values . '' So , with the Bush era winding down in a tailspin of plummeting popularity and high-level resignations , has the neo-conservative movement , too , run its course ?
Neo-conservatism thus can not be reduced to advocacy of the free market or right-wing populism , since its ideological specificity consists in the fusion of these contradictory outlooks .
Growing talk -- both in Europe and America -- about boycotting the Olympics -LRB- or the opening ceremony -RRB- has proven utterly ineffective in influencing China 's behavior in Tibet .
As a common sports adage puts it : never change a winning game , but always change a losing one .
In the Palestinian case , after winning an election victory and making a deal with Fatah for a coalition government , Hamas turned on its nationalist rivals and drove them out of Gaza by force .
Nevertheless , it is a prescription for endless terrorism and war : both pro- and anti-Iranian revolutionary Islamists believe that , because God is on their side and their enemies are cowardly , they will win , and they are quite prepared to spend the next half-century trying to prove it .
From experience , most Israelis have developed a worldview that combines traditional left-wing and right-wing thinking .
At the same time , the right-wing mantra -- victory -- failed to offer a credible way to replace the Iranian and Syrian governments , or to destroy Hamas and Hezbollah .
Indeed , the US retains an edge , owing to its capacity for innovation , its technological advances , its entrepreneurial spirit , and its indefatigable optimism .
But doubts are growing .
Having succeeded in integrating the West through prosperity and security following WWII , America must begin to craft a new global leadership structure .
Last winter , I saw a similar cry for dignity in Ukraine .
The union itself is a shell of its own former self , a partisan and mostly right-wing movement of workers buffeted by the new economic reality .
In both Rome and Moscow , there is growing hope that a road to Christian unity can be built , but it is increasingly clear that the road can be completed only by passing through Berlin .
Governing , however , will not be easier than winning office .
Moreover , Lula 's margin of victory suggests that the Brazil 's elite has become reconciled to the idea of a left-wing president , even if foreign investors remain troubled .
These promises and pledges underscore Islamabad 's growing dependence on foreign assistance , which is not surprising , given that Pakistan 's tax-to-GDP ratio has declined to less than 9 % , the lowest among the 22 largest emerging economies .
At independence more than 60 years ago , Pakistan had a larger trade-to-GDP ratio , owing in part to trade with India .
While this time was no different , there are growing signs of a thaw in relations .
India granted Pakistan MFN status in 1996 , but Pakistan held back , hoping to win concessions from India on the unresolved issue of Kashmir .
India responded to Pakistan 's gesture by supporting its bid for membership of the United Nation 's Security Council , and by withdrawing its objections to the European Union 's grant of special privileges to Pakistani textile exporters .
More was expected from the SAARC summit than was achieved , owing in large part to the unmet expectations for the meeting between the Indian and Pakistani prime ministers on the sidelines of the main event .
Its commander , General Ashfaq Pervez Kayani , whose tenure in office was recently , and unusually , extended for an additional three years , was alone among Pakistan 's senior leaders in visiting the flood-affected areas and showing concern about the suffering .
The strategy may work over the short term in winning export orders for British firms from India .
Partly because of the floods , which will shave off at least 1 % from GDP , partly because of the administration 's inability and unwillingness to curb non-essential expenditures , and partly because of slowing export growth , Pakistan is once again facing serious fiscal and balance-of-payments problems .
The second `` mistake '' came the following November , after Musharraf 's government failed to contain the legal community 's impressive civil-disobedience movement to pressure the government into reinstating Chaudhry .
Following the coup , Bhutto and Nawaz fled into exile , and were allowed back into the country only after Musharraf , hoping that their return would help deflect public attention from the lawyers ' protest movement , announced that he would hold elections .
It also realizes that Pakistan can be effectively governed only if its leaders have the support of other important constituencies . These include the large and growing middle class , which has a strong presence in Punjab 's many large cities -- where Nawaz 's Muslim League governs .
Despite all the grim news and auguries , there is some hope , owing to the increased political mobilization of Pakistan 's middle classes , whose members have finally begun to question those espousing extremism .
Moreover , a trade agreement with Afghanistan that allows Afghan goods to cross Pakistan en route to India may be one step towards an improvement of economic relations with that large and rapidly growing neighbor .
Officials are also aware that a change in the cabinet will be seen as mere window dressing unless people are shown that the government has a plan to rescue the economy from collapse and alleviate the burdens faced by ordinary people .
Musharraf went to Ferozeshah Kotala cricket ground in Delhi and saw his team win the match .
That question can not be answered without knowing definitively where Pakistan stands in regard to Islamist terrorism .
There is a chance that , following Bin Laden 's death , the Haqqani group could now be tamed and thus become willing to enter into negotiations with the Afghan government . That would satisfy both the US and Pakistan .
In 1989 , following the Soviet Union 's exit from Afghanistan , the US lost interest in what it now calls AfPak -- Afghanistan-Pakistan .
The conductor , Lorin Maazel , who chose a program of Wagner , Dvorak , Gershwin , and Bernstein , was less cynical .
Subversive youths in Hitler 's Germany -- the `` Swing Jugend '' -- secretly listened to jazz .
Amartya Sen , the Nobel Prize-winning economist , has pointed out that great Indian rulers , such as Ashoka -LRB- third century BC -RRB- and Akbar -LRB- sixteenth century -RRB- , advocated pluralism , tolerance , and reason long before the European Enlightenment .
No one much minds any more when Germany wins , as it so often does . The Germans are now much too nice for that .
A handful of right-wing Dutch dreamers care , too , for they have visions of uniting Belgian Flanders with the Dutch motherland .
We know what happened when the twin pulls of blood and soil determined European politics before .
But , instead of choosing , major European countries , such as Germany , have dithered , first dangling NATO membership as a juicy carrot , and then withdrawing the offer , leaving the Americans to indulge in heroic rhetoric without the necessary follow-through .
That 29 % is about 15 % more than populist right-wing parties get in very good years -LRB- for them -RRB- in other European countries .
The biggest resentment among right-wing voters in European countries is reserved for political elites , who , in the opinion of many , have been governing for too long in cozy coalitions , which appear to exist chiefly to protect vested interests .
The phrase most often heard in Austria among voters of the right-wing parties is `` fresh air . ''
The same was true for other artists . James Baldwin , for example , found a home in France .
NEW YORK -- Bishop Richard Williamson has some very peculiar , and frankly odious , views : that no Jews were murdered in gas chambers during World War II ; that the Twin Towers were brought down by American explosives , not by airplanes , on September 11 , 2001 ; and that Jews are fighting to dominate the world `` to prepare the anti-Christ 's throne in Jerusalem . ''
But , without a free press , and the right to vote , there is no way of knowing this .
In fact , social democrats were regarded as more dangerous than hard-line conservatives , because their moderate left-wing talk only served to postpone the revolution .
What are opposition candidates to do when they are asked to take part in elections that they know they can not win , or that , even when they can win , will give them only minimal authority ?
Its early postwar democracy was so unruly , with mass demonstrations , militant trade unions , and vigorous left-wing parties , that a deliberate attempt was made to squeeze politics out of the system and impose the boredom of a one-party state .
Domestic conservatives , as well as the US government , worried about the possibility of a left-wing , even Communist takeover .
So a large conservative coalition party -LRB- much like the Italian Christian Democrats -RRB- , funded to some degree by the US , was put in place to marginalize all left-wing opposition .
Increasingly marginalized , the opposition dwindled into an impotent force , mere window-dressing to a one-party state .
Allowing recognized artists to get away with behavior that would not be tolerated in lesser men is a tribute France pays to superior talent .
Social-democratic parties are shrinking , while right-wing demagogues promise to protect `` Western values '' from the Islamic hordes .
So it is no wonder that a left-wing internationalist , such as French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner , has found a kind of home for his idealism in Nicolas Sarkozy 's conservative government .
To attribute the Swiss vote to ban minarets -- an idea that was promoted by the right-wing Swiss People 's Party , but by none of the other political parties -- to `` Islamophobia '' is perhaps to miss the point .
But if the elites are hated for causing our modern malaise , the Muslims are envied for still having faith , for knowing who they are , for having something that is worth dying for .
He was removed from office in 2006 , following a bloodless military coup that was supported by the Bangkok middle class , whose members took to the streets in yellow T-shirts -LRB- the color of the Thai monarchy -RRB- .
Soon the drums will be beating , the trumpets blowing .
So let the games begin , and may the best team win .
In Japan , former war criminals were released from prison , `` reds '' were purged , and right-wing governments led by some of those same former war criminals got enthusiastic American backing .
True , for most people , life under right-wing Asian strongmen was , on the whole , preferable to life under Mao , Pol Pot , Kim Il Sung , or even Ho Chi Minh .
And , as in Italy , a right-wing party , backed by the US , dominated politics for decades in order to crush any chance for the left to take power .
The main organizer and speaker was Glenn Beck , the right-wing populist radio and TV personality , who promised to restore not only the nation 's honor , but `` American values , '' too .
As the warm welcome given to Hillary Clinton on her recent swing through Asia -- even in communist Vietnam -- appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China .
By contrast , the Arab population in Jerusalem is 36 % , and growing .
But systematic humiliation of Palestinians , by allowing settlers to get away literally with murder , has a corrupting effect on Israeli society .
His Belgian colleague , Filip Dewinter , represents a Flemish nationalist party tainted by wartime collaboration with the Nazis .
To be sure , nowadays even right-wing politicians in Europe are careful not to sound openly anti-Semitic .
Once the Jewish state was established , the earliest European friends of Israel were often people on the left , who admired the communal life on the kibbutzim , and saw Israel as a great socialist experiment , led by wise old left-wing idealists , such as David Ben-Gurion .
Keen to revive a more militant form of nationalism in their own countries , politicians like Strache , Wilders , and Dewinter see Israel as a kind of model -- a model discredited for a long time in Europe , owing to bad memories of fascism and Nazism .
Contrary to what the Nobel Prize-winning author José Saramago once said , the Israeli army 's attacks in Gaza are not comparable in any way to Auschwitz .
But the view , espoused by Israel 's new right-wing friends , that Israel is on the front line against Islamic fascism , is equally mendacious .
By comparing Islam in general -- not only Islamist terrorism -- to fascism , as the right-wing populists do , and to suggest that Europe faces a threat comparable to the Nazis , is not just wrong , but dangerous .
This is certainly how many Israeli right-wing politicians explain things .
But does that mean that should we give up on democracy if Islamist parties have a chance of winning elections ?
This was French policy after the Islamic Salvation Front -LRB- FIS -RRB- won the first round of elections in Algeria in December 1991 . France supported a military coup the following year .
Egypt is not Iran or Algeria , so one should be careful about drawing parallels .
Perhaps the Muslim Brotherhood would win a general election .
When the Cold War was drawing to a close , anti-Communism no longer guaranteed US protection .
There has been much complaining from foreign observers , aid teams , reporters , and government spokesmen about the lack of clarity , not to mention reliability , of official Japanese statements about the various disasters following the massive earthquake that struck northeastern Japan on March 11 .
Outside Japan , it is widely believed that everything works differently there , owing to the country 's exotic culture .
This might explain some right-wing populists ' animus against monarchy .
Alas , at this time of economic crisis , growing nationalism , and inward-looking populism , the chances of a Muslim country becoming a member of the EU are slim , to say the least .
Indeed , only one right-wing European politician , Francesco Speroni of the Italian Northern League , which is part of Silvio Berlusconi 's government , was prepared to defend Breivik . Speroni claimed that Breivik 's `` ideas are in defense of western civilization . ''
And money , given or withdrawn , as well as Jews refusing to vote for Obama out of pique , could make all the difference in crucial `` swing states '' such as Florida .
Right-wing politics , especially when based on ethnic nationalism , are rarely good for minorities , who fare better in a more open , cosmopolitan environment .
European right-wing populists , including some who represent parties with a strong anti-Semitic past , now proudly proclaim their support for Israeli settlers on Palestinian land .
Right-wing politicians from the American South , together with Austrian , German , French , and Dutch populists , are accusing liberals of appeasing `` Islamofascism . ''
Although the Dutch government is still managed mostly by mainstream , steady-as-you-go Christian Democrats , right-wing populism is growing .
The Dutch case is the most surprising , because , unlike Belgium , the Netherlands has no significant tradition of right-wing populism .
China 's appeal is growing in the Western world as well .
No economy keeps growing at the same pace forever .
What if the bargain struck between the Chinese middle classes and the one-party state were to fall apart , owing to a pause , or even a setback , in the race for material wealth ?
But Geert Wilders , leader of the right-wing , anti-Muslim Freedom Party , was so disgusted by the Dutch queen 's `` multi-cultural rubbish '' that he wanted her to be stripped of her constitutional role in the government .
In Israel , the educated Jewish activists who criticize Israeli abuses against Palestinians , the peaceniks who believe that negotiation is better than violence and that even Arabs have rights , are called , with a knowing sneer , `` beautiful souls . ''
In the United States , the word `` liberal , '' in the mouths of populist radio hosts and right-wing politicians , has become almost synonymous with `` effete East Coast snob '' or , worse , `` New York intellectual . ''
And Muslim immigrants live in Amsterdam , London , or Marseilles , not in the kind of small towns where right-wing populists find most of their support .
There are several alternatives , such as the blended wing body and strut\/truss braced wings , which offer major potential increases in lift-to-drag ratio and improvements in structural weight fraction .
The distinction that I was drawing in my testimony , between law and morals , was not accepted .
The rejection of my nomination was , according to many , just another political battle : you win some , you lose some , but you can not say that you have been unfairly discriminated against simply because you lost .
Both destroyed the Weimar Republic , acting as a kind of evil twins who hated each other , yet shared a common hatred of Christianity and democracy .
Most developed countries have a growing number and proportion of elderly .
But aging and death will still win out in the end .
The geo-political interests of Europe and America have been drawing apart , and may well continue to do so , no matter who is president .
This trend accelerated as the current Bush administration attempted to construct unilateral global hegemony out of the `` War on Terror , '' which provoked growing disquiet in `` Old Europe . ''
Europe needs good relations with both in order to penetrate growing markets , tap sources for raw materials and energy , and ensure its own domestic stability , whereas many Europeans believe that US policies alienate these regions .
When persons face the possibility of criminal sanctions , not knowing their HIV status can be their most-effective legal defense . Prosecutions will act to deter many people -- especially men as well as persons living in areas where HIV treatment is largely unavailable -- from being tested because it would expose them to the risk of criminal liability .
In addition to vowing elections , which have not yet been scheduled , Djibo has pledged that members of the junta will not run for office .
In Guinea , despite 24 previous years of authoritarian military rule , the population largely supported the December 2008 bloodless coup staged by Captain Moussa Dadis Camara 's immediately following President Lansana Conté 's death .
Following an assassination attempt by an aide-de-camp , Dadis Camara fled the country , and the interim junta leader , General Sékouba Konaté , allowed the opposition political parties to appoint a civilian prime minister .
Most developing countries were already moving along these four tracks before the global financial crisis , owing largely to improvements in their economic policies during the previous decade .
This rapprochement is a consequence of the growing recognition that asset-price cycles must be taken into account for both macroeconomic management and financial supervision .
Capital buffers to absorb losses during the downturn of the cycle can be more easily built during the upswing .
The subplot is inevitably how a Latin American country that once seemed more like Europe developed all the maladies of its Southern neighbors : a state unable to guarantee public health and education ; a growing gap between rich and poor ; the disappearance of the middle class ; and the decline of industrial capacity in favor of producing raw materials .
It has n't been easy living without knowing who we are , and it became even more difficult to live this way as we watched our world crumble .
The urban population , already 70 % and growing rapidly , has begun withdrawing their support from Morales , except in La Paz , El Alto , and Oruro , and in the most unionized sectors .
The official discourse is entrenched in statism and centralism , with growing disregard for democratic principles and procedures .
Some people see in Chavez an innovative statesman who has seized an almost magical moment -- the windfall Venezuela has received from today 's sky high oil prices &#45; &#45; to change the rules of the game in his country .
To those who think that this is the case , Chavez is not an innovator but someone who is merely squandering Venezuela 's oil wealth in the same way that governments did following the oil shocks of the 1970 's .
Emigration is at historic highs , and a new rebel force has appeared in the form of an aggressive - and potent - rightwing paramilitary army .
Supervised by a blue-ribbon commission of college presidents and distinguished jurists , they have all been honest , fair , and peaceful , with the results accepted by winners and losers .
Over the years , opinion polls have consistently shown that about 60 % of Israelis favor withdrawing from the West Bank in exchange for permanent peace .
Leaders on both sides ignore strong majorities that crave peace , allowing extremist-led violence to preempt all opportunities for building a political consensus .
This is why we and our fellow Elders are committed to drawing attention to the damage that child marriage is causing , and to supporting those working towards ending it .
To begin with , the FMLN is short of a congressional majority , which remains in the hands of its right-wing opponents , ARENA and its long-time allies , the small PCN .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Opposition to plans to build a mosque near `` Ground Zero , '' the spot where the World Trade Center 's twin towers fell on September 11 , 2001 , comes in various shades .
To their credit , many of the project 's opponents have avoided the crass bigotry that is becoming a standard trait of right-wing discourse in the United States .
Of course , if their reasoning were followed to its logical conclusion , allowing the project to be built would be the most robust statement that this dispute really does not have anything to do with religion .
At its root it is possible to find concrete US government decisions made over the years , from nurturing alliances with corrupt and authoritarian Middle Eastern regimes to maintaining a conspicuous military presence in Saudi Arabia and showing a general obliviousness to the plight of Palestinians in the occupied territories .
India 's population is now a little over one billion ; it will almost certainly surpass 1.5 billion by mid-century , overtaking China 's population along the way before it stops growing .
Moreover , the economy is growing much faster than before .
Unless recent trends can be reversed , the growing economic and demographic gulf between India 's North and East and its South and West will pose a serious political threat .
Air , soil , and water pollution has been growing , causing hundreds of thousands of deaths every year .
Delhi 's barely breathable air has become tolerable , following a big move to compressed natural gas in public transport , retirement of old vehicles , and higher emissions standards in new ones .
The biggest problem is water pollution , with discharges into canals and rivers growing faster than treatment capacity .
At the same time , India 's growing population will make increasing demands on water supplies - mainly for agriculture , which absorbs more than 80 % of all the fresh water India consumes .
In fact , there could well be less water than there is now , owing to pollution and climate change .
Thucydides , in recounting the Athenians ' discussion of what penalty to impose on the rebellious Mytilenians , noted that `` the death penalty has been laid down for many offenses , yet people still take risks when they feel sufficiently confident ; it is impossible for human nature , once seriously set upon a certain course , to be prevented from following that course by the force of law or by any other means of intimidation whatsoever . ''
How can we ignore that many states today kill not only through legal punishment , but also by murdering and massacring in international or civil wars , or by allowing starvation ?
These anti-US forces are not all necessarily left wing ; they are , however , stridently critical of the US .
Still , winning is better than losing , and Mexico is better off today than it was yesterday , when many thought the left-of-center populist contender , Andrés Manuel López Obrador , would receive a thumping endorsement from the electorate .
But it was not enough to win an election that López Obrador and his backers thought was in the bag .
Without these twin transformations of its right and left , Mexico can only keep running in place , while so many others speed forward .
He also accomplished , in a somewhat round-about way , another goal : showing the flag , so to speak , in the face of the mounting challenge from Venezuelan president Hugo Chávez , who , thanks to virtually unlimited supplies of oil dollars and Cuban doctors and foot-soldiers , is riding high across Latin America .
Latin America 's oldest standing two-party system was decimated in that election , as the Polo Democrático presidential candidate won more votes than the Liberal Party 's contender , finally giving electoral expression to left-wing forces that had never been able to see more potential for change at the ballot box than by fighting in the mountains .
Even the questionable deal Uribe cut with the right-wing paramilitary AUC groups , pardoning up to 30,000 of their members for often horrendous crimes in exchange for their disarmament , appeared successful .
Now it appears that President George W. Bush 's closest ally in the hemisphere will not only have its FTA rejected , owing to human rights concerns in the US House and Senate .
In a region where threats to democracy and human rights are growing , linking trade and economic policy to these considerations is not a bad idea .
Latin America 's oldest standing two-party system was decimated in that election , as the Polo Democrático presidential candidate won more votes than the Liberal Party 's contender , finally giving electoral expression to left-wing forces that had never been able to see more potential for change at the ballot box than by fighting in the mountains .
Even the questionable deal Uribe cut with the right-wing paramilitary AUC groups , pardoning up to 30,000 of their members for often horrendous crimes in exchange for their disarmament , appeared successful .
Now it appears that President George W. Bush 's closest ally in the hemisphere will not only have its FTA rejected , owing to human rights concerns in the US House and Senate .
In a region where threats to democracy and human rights are growing , linking trade and economic policy to these considerations is not a bad idea .
They will wield decisive importance in swing states like Colorado , New Mexico , Florida , and Nevada .
Since the Democrats ' victory will most likely depend on these states , the Democratic candidate who can square this circle , or the Republican who can break it , may well win the presidency .
At least since December 1956 , when Fidel and Raúl Castro , together with a young Argentine doctor , later known as Che Guevara , sailed from Mexico 's port of Tuxpan to Cuba and into history , the region has seen innumerable attempts by small left-wing revolutionary groups to take power through armed uprisings .
They have all invoked heroic precedents from the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries , as well as the impossibility of proceeding otherwise under brutal right-wing dictatorships , such as Batista 's in Cuba , Somoza 's in Nicaragua , and military-oligarchic complexes in Guatemala , El Salvador , Bolivia , Argentina , Peru , Uruguay , and elsewhere -- including Colombia .
They achieved only three successes : Cuba , in 1959 ; Nicaragua , in 1979 ; and El Salvador , where , by 1992 , they fought the US and the local army to a stalemate , bringing peace and growing prosperity to their country .
By the early 1990 's , it became increasingly evident that the armed struggle for power in Latin American was winding down .
After all , the 1992 Chapultepec Peace Agreements , which ended the Salvadoran civil war , were signed more than two years after it became obvious that neither side could win .
The retrograde left today can realize Che Guevara 's old dream : not `` one , two , many Vietnams , '' but `` one , two , many Venezuelas , '' winning power by the ballot and then conserving and concentrating it through constitutional changes and the creation of armed militias and monolithic parties .
If recession drags on and Americans continue to blame trade agreements -- erroneously -- for growing unemployment , falling wages , and yawning inequality , opposition to these deals will grow .
Among his few successes are state-employee pension fund reforms , which will save the system from bankruptcy . Another lies in having weakened and neutralized the left-wing opposition , and being able to govern without major confrontations in the streets or Congress .
Calderón has refused to touch these power structures , even though everyone , from the World Bank to left-wing rabble-rouser and former presidential candidate Andrés Manuel López Obrador , agree that they are the main impediments to Mexico 's progress .
He may be right , but the alternative is no military makeover , and no likelihood of winning a war that perhaps should not have been declared in the first place .
Although the Sandinista Front in Nicaragua did win a semi-legitimate election in 1984 , it had reached power five years earlier by overthrowing the Somoza dictatorship .
There is obviously a lesson here to be learned by other left-wing political movements and guerrilla groups in Latin America .
The Socialist Party in Chile , the Workers Party in Brazil , the Broad Front in Uruguay , even Chávez in Venezuela and the PRD and FSLN in Mexico and Nicaragua , respectively , have shown that , after years of waiting , the left can win elections in Latin America .
For the moment , it is impossible to ascertain whether the recession will provoke a radicalization of the left in the region , which Chávez seems to be promoting , or induce moderation through resignation -- that is , a postponement of revolutionary goals owing to inauspicious economic conditions .
Today , a growing number of Mexicans shares this view .
And I believe that it is unwinnable because it fails to comply with the tenets of the Powell Doctrine , elaborated 18 years ago by Colin Powell , then Chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff , in relation to the first Gulf War .
In addition to the massive earthquakes that struck Haiti and Chile , the region has also been shaken by a hunger-strike death in Cuba and a growing crackdown on human rights and opposition in Venezuela .
The death of Cuban hunger striker and dissident Orlando Zapata , while Latin leaders were pow-wowing in Cancún and creating their new organization , unleashed a wave of indignation against the Castro brothers in the US , Europe , and Latin America -LRB- though not among its governments , which all remained silent -RRB- .
The likely winner in the June 26 run-off election , Juan Manuel Santos , will pursue most of outgoing president Alvaro Uribe 's domestic policies , but might change course slightly in foreign affairs .
Unfortunately , the only two countries that could play a role in reforming the inter-American system and defusing the growing tensions between Colombia and Venezuela will , for different reasons , remain passive .
As his term winds down -LRB- the next presidential elections are two years away -RRB- , he will be even less inclined to involve Mexico in foreign adventures .
Brazil is similarly paralyzed , partly because of its presidential election campaign , which is currently in full swing and will conclude only at the end of the year , and partly because of recent diplomatic setbacks .
For outgoing President Luis Inácio Lula da Silva 's hand-picked successor , Dilma Rousseff , is very close to winning an outright majority of the vote .
Rousseff 's main opponent , São Paulo Governor José Serra , has not gained traction with voters , owing to his inconsistent stances -- ranging from withering criticisms of Lula 's foreign policy to outright support for his social policies .
The economy is growing at a double-digit rate , and the 2014 Soccer World Cup and 2016 Olympics are on the horizon .
Brazilian corporations , especially construction companies , have huge investments and contracts in Venezuela , and Lula has used his friendship with the Castro brothers and Chávez to placate the left wing of his party , which has never been comfortable with his orthodox economic policies .
Nevertheless , it seems safe to say that Dassault and France will probably win the contract , and that this will be seen as a milestone on the road to US irrelevance in South America .
Cables from Managua between 2006 and 2009 rehash old stories about Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega 's ties to drug traffickers like Colombian cocaine kingpin Pablo Escobar , including mention of a video purportedly showing Sandinistas off-loading cocaine from planes in 1984 , and dwell on Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez 's off-the-books financial backing for Ortega .
MEXICO CITY -- US President Barack Obama 's current swing through Latin America will probably be short on substance , long on rhetorical flourishes and symbolism , and may include a few announcements affecting American business in the region .
The economy is growing at a sustainable pace .
It also has an economy that is not growing sufficiently to stem the ongoing tide passing through Mexico to the US .
This persistence is best reflected in the role that Nobel Prize-winning novelist Mario Vargas Llosa plays in his native Peru .
He put his money where his mouth was by running for Peru 's presidency , and he became a virtual king-maker by throwing his support to Ollanta Humala , who has apparently abandoned populism to embrace the tenets of the modern Latin American democratic left .
But most observers seem to believe that his support was crucial in bestowing a mantle of legitimacy and democratic disposition on Humala , who in 2007 ran on an unabashedly pro-Hugo Chávez platform .
Given their growing role in the global economy , it is understandable that larger Latin American countries , along with the other BRICS , are seeking a more influential world role .
But whoever wins will need new ideas and initiatives to reinvigorate a dormant institution .
Of course , there has never been any reason to expect the left to be more honest than anyone else . To be sure , socialist , communist , or Castroite movements and leaders in Latin America have traditionally denounced graft , influence-peddling , and government grand larceny by the hemisphere 's traditional right-wing dictatorships or even centrist constitutional regimes .
-LRB- There is no way of really knowing just how corrupt left-wing regimes in Cuba , Nicaragua , or Venezuela truly were , or are . -RRB-
Such a development would threaten growing unemployment in Europe and elsewhere , and make fighting the crisis much more difficult .
After all , while his policy of confrontation has generated high levels of violence , tolerance of the drug cartels corrupted state institutions , sowing the ground for the problem in the first place .
But our dramatic progress in detecting and treating cancer has also led to growing awareness of the problem of tumor dormancy : a patient appears to be cured , only to have the same cancer return years or even decades later .
With a growing number of cancer survivors , we need to understand better the twin processes of tumor dormancy and metastatic cancer recurrence .
But , given the growing numbers of cancer survivors , the need for this knowledge is becoming more pressing .
But despite Ortega 's anachronistic politics , he has a good chance of winning the election in November 2006 .
Alemán , too , faces a rebellion in his Liberal Constitutional Party -LRB- PLC -RRB- , led by former Treasury Minister Eduardo Montealegre , a presidential hopeful popular in the party 's liberal wing .
If Alemán blocks Montealegre 's candidacy in the PLC and pushes him to form another political party , Ortega 's chances for winning the presidency increase sharply .
The business interests that finance political campaigns face a difficult dilemma : Is it preferable to align with a PLC dominated by a corrupt Alemán or support a new democratic force and risk helping Ortega win ?
Thus , the FSLN government proclaimed itself winner in 109 of the 153 municipalities . This culminated a process of electoral fraud that began five months earlier with the suspension of the legal standing of the opposition Conservative Party and the Sandinista Renewal Movement , a rival to President Daniel Ortega 's FSLN .
Two years into his term , Ortega needed to win majorities in the local elections in order to impose a constitutional reform that will allow him to seek a second consecutive term .
Had he failed to win in the capital and the country 's principal cities , he would have had to recognize the failure of his authoritarian political model , which has also had no success in reducing poverty .
In memory , then , the Twin Towers still stand tall , still cast a shadow into our lives .
`` You ca n't swing a dead cat in the Obama camp without hitting an Indian-American , '' said an Obama advisor .
At the heart of that problem , say Obama advisors , is the growing neurosis of the Pakistani regime .
This winter , the Cuban government reinvested some of its income from tourism in upgrading schools that deteriorated in the years following the loss of Soviet aid .
Probably no other state governor has the political clout to win against the tide of activists who regard offering an undocumented immigrant a driver 's license as tantamount to offering them work , which they already have , and legitimacy , which they apparently do n't need to work .
Which candidate is best for Latin America ? Does it make any difference if Barak Obama or Hillary Clinton is the Democratic nominee and does it matter if one of them or the Republican John McCain wins in November ?
So , trying to parse their positions to make a case for one over another is harder to do than guessing who will end up winning the World Cup .
China 's neighbors are increasingly anxious about its growing power and assertiveness .
In any event , China 's power may be vast and rapidly growing , but it lacks the ability to compel .
As China seeks to translate its economic clout into major geopolitical advantages in Asia , a country that once boasted of `` having friends everywhere '' finds that its growing power may be inspiring awe , but that its actions are spurring new concerns and fears .
Which states will accept China as Asia 's leader ? Six decades of ruthless repression has failed to win China acceptance even in Tibet and Xinjiang , as the Tibetan and Uighur revolts of 2008 and 2009 attested .
So the growing power of today 's China naturally raises legitimate concerns .
China also has started questioning Indian sovereignty over the state of Jammu and Kashmir , one-fifth of which it occupied following the Tibet annexation .
By picking territorial fights with its neighbors , China is not only reinforcing old rivalries , but is also threatening Asia 's continued economic renaissance -- showing that it is not a credible candidate to lead Asia .
It is important for other Asian states and the US -- a `` resident power '' in Asia , in the words of US Defense Secretary Robert Gates -- to convey a clear message to China : a peaceful rise and unilateral redrawing of frontiers do n't mix .
If China , India , and Japan constitute a scalene strategic triangle in Asia , with China representing the longest side , side A , the sum of side B -LRB- India -RRB- and side C -LRB- Japan -RRB- will always be greater than A. Not surprisingly , the fastest-growing relationship in Asia today is probably between Japan and India .
As the US and other coalition partners gradually wind down their combat role , Afghan security forces -- to number 300,000 after crash training of new recruits -- are to take their place .
And that is largely the result of Obama 's botched strategy , whose twin troop surges were designed not to rout the Taliban militarily , but to strike a political deal with them from a position of strength .
Yet natural disasters like storms , hurricanes , and tsunamis are becoming more common , owing to climate change , which will also cause a rise in ocean levels , making seaside reactors even more vulnerable .
Paradoxically , then , the very conditions that made it impossible for the nuclear industry to deliver full power in Europe in 2003 and 2006 created peak demand for electricity , owing to the increased use of air conditioning .
Freshwater scarcity is a growing international challenge , and the vast majority of countries are in no position to approve of such highly water-intensive inland-based energy systems .
In 1989 , Francis Fukuyama claimed in a famous essay that the Cold War 's end marked the end of ideological evolution , `` the end of history , '' with the `` universalization of Western liberal democracy as the final form of human government . '' Yet , two decades on , the global spread of democracy has been encountering increasingly strong headwinds .
After dictator Pervez Musharraf was driven out of office , the new Pakistani civilian government ordered the ISI to report to the interior ministry , but received no support from the US for this effort to assert civilian control , allowing the army to quickly frustrate the effort .
What was touted as a floating casino is now being launched as the floating centerpiece of China 's growing naval prowess .
NEW DELHI -- America 's war in Afghanistan is approaching a tipping point , with doubts about President Barack Obama 's strategy growing .
Let 's be clear : America 's Afghan war is not winnable , even though Obama has redefined American goals from defeating the Taliban to preventing Al Qaeda from using Afghanistan as a base to launch attacks on the United States .
But if the US administration 's principal war target is not the Taliban but Al Qaeda remnants , why use a troop-intensive strategy based on protecting population centers to win grassroots support ?
Gradually drawing down US troop levels makes more sense , because what unites the disparate elements of the Taliban syndicate is a common opposition to foreign military presence .
But it would n't be easy , owing in part to the Taliban 's fragmentation , with the tail -LRB- private armies and militias -RRB- wagging the dog .
NEW DELHI -- International discussion about China 's rise has focused on its increasing trade muscle , growing maritime ambitions , and expanding capacity to project military power .
Between 1988 and 1990 , as the Cold War was winding down , pro-democracy protests erupted far from Eastern Europe , overturning dictatorships in countries as different as Indonesia , South Korea , Taiwan , and Chile .
And , while Asia -- with the world 's fastest-growing markets , fastest-rising military expenditures , and most-volatile hot spots -- holds the key to the future global order , its major powers remain at loggerheads .
The China factor also is coming handy in America 's efforts to win new allies in Asia .
Whichever candidate wins Sri Lanka 's presidential election on January 26 will have to lead that small but strategically located island-nation in a fundamentally different direction -- from making war , as it has done for more than a quarter-century , to making peace through ethnic reconciliation and power sharing .
In his bitter resignation letter , the general accused Rajapaksa of '' unnecessarily placing Indian troops on high alert '' and failing to `` win the peace in spite of the fact that the army under my leadership won the war . ''
Now calls are growing for the government to surrender the special powers that it acquired during the war and end the control of information as an instrument of state policy . Fonseka has promised to curtail the almost unchecked powers that the president now enjoys and free thousands of young Tamil men suspected of rebel links .
Whichever `` hero '' wins , however , building enduring peace and stability in war-scarred Sri Lanka requires a genuine process of national reconciliation and healing .
Now Google itself has become a victim of China 's growing cyber prowess , in the same way that appeasement of Hitler boomeranged onto France and Britain .
By contrast , state-driven capitalism has given China economic stability and rapid growth , allowing it to ride out the global crisis .
Add to the picture the two wars that the US is waging overseas -- one of which is getting hotter and increasingly appears unwinnable -- and what comes to mind among China 's leaders is the historian Paul Kennedy 's warning about `` imperial overstretch . ''
Against that background , China 's growing assertiveness may not surprise many .
As a result , new strains are appearing in China 's relationship with the West , and were in full view at last year 's Copenhagen climate-change summit , where China -- the world 's largest polluter with the fastest-growing carbon emissions -- cleverly deflected pressure by hiding behind developing countries .
Chinese convicts also have been dispatched to the Maldives , where the Chinese government is building 4,000 houses on several different islands as a government-to-government `` gift '' to win influence .
In theory , such practices run counter to regulations promulgated by the Chinese commerce ministry in August 2006 , in response to a backlash against Chinese businesses in Zambia following the death of 51 Zambian workers in an explosion at a Chinese-owned copper mine .
`` Yes , give it to the people , just to win more votes . ''
In China , the government is not elected , so winning more votes is not part of the calculation , and returning money to the people is never the choice .
Following WikiLeaks ' release in July of tens of thousands of documents on the Afghan war , a Taliban spokesman told British journalists that the group was `` studying the report '' with a view to identifying and punishing anyone found to have collaborated with US forces .
With economic growth slowing to a record 50-year low during his tenure , Chen Shui-bian is seeking ways to divert public attention by assuming the role of a daring leader ready to defend Taiwan 's sovereignty .
In the past , the Taiwanese repudiated words like referendum and new constitution , owing to China 's sensitivity .
Few consider China 's rulers to be even remotely friendly , and this growing aversion to the mainland provides daring politicians with room to maneuver .
Taiwan has been a major supplier of foreign capital flowing into China , contributing twice as much as the US and accounting roughly for 20 % of China 's total inflows .
Similarly , a higher electoral threshold for winning seats should counter vote buying by candidates .
In other words , renewable energy ca n't be relied upon to provide power 24 hours a day , seven days a week : wind does n't always spin the turbines on the hill , the sun can not shine on solar power stations at night , and even hydroelectricity can run short if the rains do n't come .
So the window of opportunity to talk and compromise may be open only briefly , and , unfortunately , we have probably not seen the end of nuclear brinkmanship .
Yet these are successful economies , producing as much per worker hour as the United States , and growing steadily .
This form of political racketeering may win elections , but it sabotages any opportunity to experience , or to perceive , politics as a process that can contribute to global development .
Having suffered from disruptions in oil and gas supplies following disputes between Russia and Ukraine and then Belarus , the EU 's members have finally understood that their survival depends on their capacity to diversify their energy sources .
The quick-tempered twins took issue with the reform treaty 's proposed voting system for the Council of Ministers , and then stole the limelight from papacy with their own homophobic declarations , proclamations that seem to exclude any possibility of integrating the EU 's Charter of Rights into Poland 's domestic law .
In this climate , Dutch Prime Minister Peter Balkenende , still bogged down in his country 's `` no '' vote on the EU 's draft constitutional treaty in 2005 , has been seeking to win British , Czech , and Polish support for measures to make it possible to diminish the EU 's areas of responsibility .
President Gloria Arroyo 's government is on the ropes , with a state of emergency declared in February , following an abortive coup attempt and months of instability arising from allegations of fraud in the 2004 elections .
Japan 's growing willingness to flex its muscles overseas is reflected in the changing face of the SDF .
Can either party really win by appealing to gender ?
Across Romania , fear is growing of a looming porcine genocide as the country prepares to negotiate its way into the EU .
This suggests the following solution to the banking crisis .
Following that , the restructured bank can be recapitalized by raising new debt and equity .
Neighbors that used to be transit states for drugs are now major consumers , owing to similar dramatic increases in opium and heroin addiction .
Furthermore , Afghanistan 's neighbors must do more to stop insurgents , weapons , money , and chemical precursors from flowing across their borders into the country .
Allowing opium traffickers to operate with impunity gives them a free hand to raise money to pay for the arms and fighters battling the Afghan army and NATO forces .
There is no point in trying to win the hearts and minds of major drug traffickers .
Throwing more money at Iraq wo n't buy peace .
Rather than preventing monopolization and restraint of trade , as the theory goes , antitrust regulation in the `` new economy '' is a new face of the old `` industrial policy , '' allowing bureaucrats to manipulate economic outcomes and favor companies dearer to them than the consumers ' choice .
The Anthropocene Period could be said to have started in the latter part of the eighteenth century , when analyses of air trapped in polar ice showed the beginning of growing global concentrations of CO2 and methane .
Mankind 's growing influence on the environment was recognized as long ago as 1873 , when the Italian geologist Antonio Stoppani referred to the `` anthropozoic era , '' defined by a `` new telluric force , which in power and universality may be compared to the greater forces of earth . ''
Vernadsky and Teilhard de Chardin used the term `` noösphere '' -- the world of thought -- to mark the growing role of human brain-power in shaping its own future and environment .
And , following this anniversary of the massacre , it is safe to say that , without international justice , all of Srebrenica 's victims -- including my brother-in-law 's father , Huso ?elik , and the others who are still missing -- would still be moldering anonymously in mass graves .
These efforts are mirrored by Chinese initiatives in such fields as new low-energy vehicles ; light-emitting diode -LRB- LED -RRB- lighting ; building integrated photovoltaic -LRB- BIPV -RRB- ; innovative energy efficiency technologies ; and various alternative energy sources such as solar , wind , bio-gas , and synthetic fuels .
Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar of Spain is not far behind Blair in showing the courage of his convictions .
The most flagrant absence of leadership on display today , in the name of following the apparent majority view of the people , is that of Chancellor Gerhard Schröder in Germany . He not only probably won his last election by openly opposing military action in Iraq , but he continues to behave as if he were heading a peace march rather than a country .
But turnout apart , we have become accustomed to accepting that parties or candidates who receive 25 % of the popular vote are `` winners . ''
Few American Presidents have been supported by much more than 10 % of eligible voters : half of the US 's eligible voters , indeed , are not even registered to vote ; of those who are registered , half do not vote ; of those who do vote , less than half vote for the winning candidate .
Or is there another Keynes in the wings somewhere ?
Almost a year after the election , a parliamentary committee of inquiry is still interviewing `` witnesses . ''
There is a strong and perhaps growing desire to find `` independent '' views amidst today 's always strongly partisan -- and often overly polemical -- political controversies .
Is there a case for a pendulum swing back to the more political powers , notably the legislature ?
I believe that such a swing is necessary .
The accession countries of East Central Europe all fulfilled the criteria ; Turkey is now following their example .
Indeed , in the twelve months following the unconditional surrender of Hitler 's Nazi regime in May 1945 , I lived under serial Russian , American , and British occupation .
Their lives are intertwined and yet diverse .
Thatcherism plus globalization had many liberating consequences , but the combination also created new social problems , begetting losers as well as winners .
It has now joined the growing list of the world 's failed states and can at best be described as a potential federation of three states plus the unruly city of Baghdad .
America 's twin fiscal and trade deficits may prove to be solvable problems , but new ways will have to be tried to resolve them .
All at once , China is rapidly emerging as a growing economic force .
Governments must continue to pay benefits to today 's pensioners , and they can do so only by borrowing money to replace the revenues that tomorrow 's pensioners are now diverting to personal insurance schemes .
Things do not move as fast as they want them to , or not at all , owing to conditions that they do not control .
However , it is not always evident when people and parties stand for election what they are going to do if they win .
These practical consequences are above and beyond the liberating effect of allowing the `` marketplace of ideas , '' rather than state authorities , to judge people 's expressed views .
Nevertheless , while a free society recognizes limits to inequality , it also accepts that inequality exists , for it provides hope for many by showing what one might achieve with ability and luck -- or perhaps even luck alone .
No one in a more established democratic state is surprised if one 's own side does not win .
Democracy is about competing parties , and , unless they form a `` grand coalition , '' they can not all win .
But what if an election 's winners have no intention of abiding by the rules that are part and parcel of the democratic process ?
Nevertheless , one must wonder about a winning movement with quite a few elected members in Israeli prisons and others who are not likely to get permission to enter the country in which they were elected , so that the new parliament can not function properly .
As a result , leaders have developed a tendency to turn directly to the people without allowing much debate .
Particularly in the arts , there were no apparent limits to showing what even a generation ago would have been regarded as highly offensive .
Are we so sure of Darwin 's theories of evolution that we should ban alternative notions of genesis from schools ?
Gaining a few Indian computer specialists is a bad reason for allowing `` green card '' access , if only because such migrants are likely to remain a tiny minority of newcomers .
Moreover , by winning 38.5 % of a turnout of 80 % , Schröder could claim the support of one-third of the electorate , whereas Blair was elected by a mere quarter -LRB- 40 % of a turnout of 60 % -RRB- .
By translating relative electoral majorities into absolute parliamentary majorities , it enables winning parties to govern rather than enter into permanent negotiations with coalition partners and scramble constantly for parliamentary majorities .
More precisely , this phenomenon entails the growing number of democratically elected political leaders who do not confront alternative leaders able to gather the disaffected into a viable opposition .
This tale is further underlined by the growing role of `` the street , '' of demonstrations of public irritation focusing on particular issues but really directed against unchallenged governments .
The result is a worrying combination of creeping authoritarianism among those who rule with a growing unrest of the ruled .
In broad terms , these circumstances involve growing markets in certain classes of goods and services -LRB- natural-resource intensive products -RRB- , concomitant with absent markets and collective policies for natural capital -LRB- ecosystem services -RRB- .
Labor succeeded because Tony Blair jettisoned Labor 's entrenched left-wing dogmas .
So long as left-wing parties seemed suspect , implausible or even semi-revolutionary , center-right parties could conceal their internal contradictions .
Similarly , his administration 's declared positions on the environment , on energy , on defense and on foreign policy are all strongly right-wing or unilateralist or both .
The result is a growing temptation to react by moving further right , even though elections are usually won in the center .
In fact , no one knows whether Tony Blair will seek to join the Euro , let alone win a referendum on it .
In Italy , Silvio Berlusconi 's government also appears tainted with right-wing populism and xenophobia .
Many right-wing politicians , however , appear to prefer taking refuge in populism , nationalism and nostalgia .
Article 5 of the NATO Treaty was invoked as if the Twin Towers attack was an attack on the whole alliance .
If the socialists can pull themselves together behind a new leader , President Chirac , despite re-election , could once again face a left-wing majority in parliament .
Communism 's collapse undermined the credibility of traditional left-wing ideologies , and the policy problems of national political parties have been made more difficult by the tidal wave of globalization .
The trouble is that the steep escalation of enlargement coincides with a swing of opinion in a number of member countries in favor of a more intergovernmental EU , with more emphasis on cooperation between sovereign states and less attention to strengthening common EU institutions .
Tony Blair has promised a referendum on the new EU constitution , which he can not possibly win .
Unfortunately , as things stand , this is a referendum that Blair will not win , because all polls show a large and solid majority against the European Constitution .
By contrast , Blair can not win a referendum on the Constitution , not only because it is opposed by virtually all the popular press , but also because neither he nor any major political leader in Britain has ever had a good word to say about European integration .
Another is that Blair consistently seemed to pay much less attention to Parliament than to the right-wing tabloid press : the spin and media manipulation to which his office devoted so much effort worked wonders at first , but soon generated deep skepticism and mistrust .
Of course , as we now know , WMD were never found , and , worse , evidence came to light showing that Blair was aware that the Bush administration was committed to regime change , regardless of their existence .
Moreover , firms with more stock ownership by politicians tend to win more and bigger government contracts .
But things might have to get worse before the political mood swings .
The stakes of not knowing are very high .
Their financial trust index , based on a large-scale survey of financial decision-makers in American households , did show a sharp fall in trust in late 2008 and early 2009 , following the collapse of Lehman Brothers .
There is far too much concentration following the crisis , certainly in the United Kingdom and other parts of Europe .
For banks and their shareholders , it looks a case of heads they win , tails we lose .
Indeed , the Basel Committee plans to require more capital in the future , though the new requirements will be delayed , owing to concerns about the cost and availability of credit to sustain the recovery .
Governments think we can stop this process by throwing money at it , but there are many reasons to believe that this wo n't work .
Despite having remarkably similar genes at birth , identical twins do not develop the same cancers .
Could such compounds play a role in unexplained and growing rates of childhood cancer , testicular cancer , and non-Hodgkin 's Lymphoma throughout the industrial world ? Should we wait to find out ?
There are experimental designs , using twins , that can find out the extent to which intelligence and mortality are linked because they share environmental and genetic influences .
Among the most informative exercises we can undertake in cognitive epidemiology is to obtain a large group of twins on whom there is data on early-life intelligence and who were tracked for a long time to find out who had died .
We have n't yet come across a large enough group of twins with such data .
Central Asia 's Waking Giant THE HAGUE -- The Shanghai Cooperation Organization -LRB- SCO -RRB- brings together almost half the world 's population , several members own nuclear weapons , many are big energy suppliers , and it includes some of the world 's fastest growing economies .
Since its launch , the SCO 's military exercises have become increasingly ambitious , growing from largely bi-lateral to inclusion of all members .
Given China 's importance in both military and economic matters , growing energy and trade relations between Central Asia and the West , and the reasonable assumption that Central Asia 's security will continue to have great significance for Western security , cooperation between the SCO , the EU , and NATO looks inevitable .
Closing Guantánamo is not a gesture to win applause from Europeans .
While Brazil 's registered unemployment rate is not very high by regional standards , its fast growing labor force requires a high rate of job creation .
What needs to be avoided is a failure -- such as occurred in Haiti following its devastating earthquake -- to move from the first stage to the second .
Many companies are withdrawing from the region , and large investments from China , particularly in Brazil , though promised , have failed to materialize .
Moreover , most FDI promotion agencies in the region lack the minimum financial and human resources needed in order to be effective , owing to governments ' lack of political will to support them and to eliminate parallel processes that confuse investors .
Moreover , military expenditure has increased from 1 % to 7 % of GDP since 2003 , drawing resources away from human development into unproductive investment .
The UN High Commission for Refugees forecasts that 73,000 of the roughly 127,000 IDPs created by the South Ossetian crisis will probably return to their place of origin by early winter .
El Salvador , following the end of its civil war , managed to avoid reverting to conflict or becoming aid-dependent , owing mainly to its emphasis on efforts to reintegrate former combatants from both sides and other war-affected people into the national security forces , the political process , or economically productive activities .
America 's model of corporate governance was supposed to rely on the following set of factors :
Instead , what evolved was a lax accounting system and a `` heads you win , tails your options will be re-priced and you still win '' method of managerial compensation .
Declining public school quality , downward pressure on funding for public higher education , and a failure of political will to make higher education affordable for everyone has produced a growing education gap among those who can and can not afford quality education .
We have seen this principle in action since the early fall of 2007 , as growing excess demand for safe , liquid , high-quality financial assets has carried with it growing excess supply for the goods and services that are the products of ongoing human labor .
Borrowing from the IMF may be humiliating for government officials .
And what , really , is so humiliating about borrowing from your own citizens ?
It is now clear that the right-wing opponents to the Obama administration 's policies are not objecting to the use of fiscal measures to stabilize nominal spending .
Yet America 's right wing objects to this , for reasons that largely remain mysterious : what , at the level of economic theory , is the objection to quantitative easing ?
Today 's 70 million Egyptians live much better than their heavily taxed cotton - and grain-growing predecessors of Mehemet Ali 's time .
In particular , Hamilton was convinced of the importance of a sophisticated banking system to support the growing economy .
This history is worth reviewing because America is poised for another debate over whether its economy evolves or is designed , with President Barack Obama 's opponents claiming that whatever is good in America 's economy has always evolved with no guidance , and that whatever is bad has been designed by government .
`` Competitiveness '' carries the implication of a zero-sum game , in which America can win only if its trading partners lose .
Win-win .
A more prosperous and rapidly growing America -- a scenario in which the rest of the world has a vital interest -- hangs in the balance .
Second , he assured his listeners that `` we expect a moderate recovery to continue and indeed to strengthen . '' This is because '' -LRB- h -RRB- ouseholds also have made some progress in repairing their balance sheets -- saving more , borrowing less , and reducing their burdens of interest payments and debt . ''
On the contrary , the shadow is lengthening with each passing day , owing to the absence of effective policies to get the flow of economy-wide nominal spending back on its previous track .
In other words , taxpayers win , because the benefits from the healthier economy would more than compensate for the costs of servicing the higher national debt , enabling the government to provide more services without raising tax rates .
Households win , too , because they get to buy more and nicer things with their incomes .
Companies win , because goods and workers get to use the improved infrastructure .
The unemployed win , because some of them get jobs .
And even bond investors win , because they get their money back , with the interest for which they contracted .
The government , too , would then win by pocketing that 6 % per year of value -- though 30 years from now , bondholders who feel like winners now would most likely look at their portfolios ' extraordinarily poor performance of over 2011-2041 and rue their strategy .
That is what the ECB is now throwing away .
How fast is the US economy now growing ?
According to this view , the US is especially well positioned to benefit from rapidly falling prices of information technology , owing to its openness to competition and new ways of doing business , particularly in distribution .
But broken eggs do not necessarily make an omelet : Bush 's massive -LRB- and still growing -RRB- fiscal deficits have stimulated nothing but jitters about a prolonged slowdown in capital formation , household consumption , and economic growth .
African farmers should wonder how it could be Bush -- not some left-wing Democrat -- who reversed the archconservative Newt Gingrich 's proudest achievement : the partial reform of agricultural subsidies .
The Bush administration 's intellectual allies call the Clinton administration `` naïve '' for believing that international relations form a positive-sum game in which all sides can win .
The Clinton administration took office with remarkably few cards , and the cards it held were dreadful : a long-term legacy of extremely slow economic growth , huge federal budget deficits created by the Ronald Reagan\/George H. W. Bush administrations of 1980-1992 , a relatively high `` natural '' rate of unemployment , and growing inflationary pressure .
This may or may not be enough to produce lots of payroll jobs and significantly cut the unemployment rate , but it will be enough growth for the US to continue to be the fastest growing component of the world economy 's post-industrial core .
Certainly such large-scale borrowing and lending had played a key role in the late-19th century .
Instead of capital flowing from rich to poor , just the opposite happened : it flowed from poor to rich , the overwhelmingly largest stream going to the US , whose rate of capital inflow is now the largest of any country , anywhere , anytime .
What is unexpected is that the new wealth is flowing not to the shareholders of dot-com companies , but to purchasers and users of high-tech capital and the consumers they serve .
Losers lose the most , but winners also are worse off than if peace had been maintained .
The most that even the winners can say is that they are little losers rather than big losers .
Modern industrial war is , as the computer in the 1982 movie War Games put it , a very peculiar game : `` The only way to win is not to play . ''
Professor Gordon also points out that America 's more extreme climate - colder winters -LRB- save in Florida and California -RRB- and hotter summers -LRB- save in Washington , Oregon , and California -RRB- - must spend more on heating and cooling .
A well-designed tax on oil would also reduce demand , thereby lowering the potential for windfall profits for those who rule or own the ground over the oil deposits .
As a result , the price boom is boosting windfall profits for the owners of oil deposits rather than improving countries ' public finances .
Unfortunately , whoever wins the election - Schroeder or Stoiber - will be helpless in the medium term to address the problem .
The problem could be solved once and for all if the ECB were willing to risk the following bargain with governments : if you liberalize product markets and make labor markets flexible , we will reduce interest rates and permit higher spending to fulfill the promise of near-full employment .
Nobel Prize winners such as Edward Prescott have no business talking about the benefits of tax cuts without pointing out that a tax cut accompanied by spending increases is not a tax cut at all , but rather a tax shift onto the future - and a tax shift that raises risk and discourages accumulation .
On the contrary , before the Civil War you could start out splitting rails , light out for the Western Territory , make a success of yourself on the frontier , and wind up as President -- if you were named Abraham Lincoln .
In the early postwar decades , foreign competition exerted virtually no pressure on the economy , owing to the isolation of America 's continental market from the devastation of WWII .
Dealing with the short - and medium-run deficit would be fairly straightforward : decide how large a share of GDP the federal government should take up , set spending at that level , and set taxes so that the budget is balanced -LRB- or so that the debt-to-GDP ratio is not growing -RRB- over the business cycle .
Now , with serious congestion slowing traffic in major cities to a crawl , the land gradient in housing prices is steep once again .
Slow growth of greenhouse-gas emissions in rapidly-growing economies must be accompanied by credible promises to deliver massive amounts of assistance in the mighty tasks of industrialization , education , and urbanization that China , India , Mexico , Brazil , and many other developing countries face .
Others focused on the `` compassionate '' : they expected Bush 's fiscal policy largely to eschew tax cuts and to adopt largely Democratic spending priorities , including expanded federal aid to education and a prescription drug benefit , thereby showing that Republicans could run a more cost-effective version of the social-welfare state .
As with any change in technology that increases the volume of international trade in goods and services , the outsourcing of service-sector jobs creates winners and losers -- but almost surely more and bigger winners than losers .
Big winners are workers in poor countries who get better jobs working for firms that can now export services to rich countries .
But even in the US , losers ' losses are outweighed by winners ' gains .
For the most part , it looks like these changes in economy and society have not resulted in more wealth , but only in an upward redistribution of wealth -- a successful right-wing class war .
Following World War II , investments in the US seemed safer than any alternative .
The principal fear , at least in the circles in which I move , is of a sudden unwinding of `` global imbalances '' : a rapid and destabilizing end to America 's very large trade deficit and to Asia 's very large trade surplus .
But , the argument went , the Fed could not say that this was what it was doing in clear and transparent language , for , if voters and politicians could understand central bankers , they would then force them into following destructive inflationary policies that would be worse for everyone , at least in the long run .
A government that buys political risk insurance by placing an ever-growing stock of reserve assets in dollar securities guards against some dangers .
The question following China 's Blackstone investment is this : how far can this process go ?
China was growing , but median living standards were not clearly in excess of those of China 's so-called `` golden years '' of the early 1950 's , after land redistribution and before forced collectivization turned the peasantry into serfs .
But banks facing possible liquidity problems -- which the Fed wants to be able to borrow at 5.25 % -- are borrowing from the Fed itself at 5.75 % , as are a few big banks that want more liquidity but do n't believe they could get it without disrupting the market .
So central banks must also focus on how the fall in the volume of money flowing through financial markets will affect spending , and on how much they should cut interest rates and expand money supply to offset these effects .
He testified that it is important to run surpluses to pay down the debt , but that surpluses must not be so large that the government winds up owning American industry .
He also testified that tax cuts are better than spending increases to keep surpluses from growing too large , but that uncertainty is enormous , so that any tax cuts should be canceled if they threatened to bring us back to an age of deficits .
He thought that he -- and Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill -- could win the quiet `` inside game '' for sensible policy without resorting to an `` outside game '' that would make his reappointment in 2004 unlikely .
In this , he is following a tradition of caution that extends from Edmund Burke to John Maynard Keynes .
But Greenspan would have served the country and the world better if he had been somewhat more paternalist in slowing the growth of non-standard adjustable-rate mortgages .
As long as imbalances of world trade and capital flows unwind slowly and smoothly , the magnitude of any global economic distress should be relatively small . Of course , it will not seem small to exporters and their workers who lose their American markets , or to Americans who lose access to cheap capital provided by foreigners .
But the next few years are certain to bring up a more threatening and more serious political-economic problem than the unwinding of global imbalances .
Under two plausible scenarios -- both concerning China -- the unwinding of global imbalances could cause regional if not global depression .
Four years ago , I would have said that the principal source of international economic disorder was made in America . That has passed as a result of the dollar 's decline and the ebbing political strength of right-wing populist factions in the US that seek ever-greater redistribution to the rich fueled by ever-increasing tax cuts and ever-rising long-term deficits .
Today , the principal source of international economic disorder is made in China , owing to factions inside its government that hope to avoid a more-rapid appreciation of the renminbi 's value .
First , America can not run enormous -LRB- and growing ! -RRB- current-account deficits forever : at some point the desire of foreign investors to hold ever-increasing shares of their wealth in America must wane and then reverse .
Instead , they will likely provide something like an additional $ 250 a year to the incomes of typical households -- and much larger windfalls for households with annual incomes exceeding $ 200,000 .
America 's college-to-high-school wage premium may now be 100 % , yet this generation of white , native-born American males may well wind up getting no more education than their immediate predecessors .
It seems a safe bet that the stable politics of the post-WWII era owe a great deal to the coexistence of rapidly growing , dynamic market economies and social democratic policies .
A growing debt-to-GDP ratio would , in the first instance , crowd out investment , as resources that would otherwise go to fund productive investment instead support private or public consumption .
All of our work was undone by our successors in their quest to win the class war by making America 's income distribution more unequal .
The Clinton Administration and the IMF educated financial markets about countries that they believed were following sound policies and that had bright long-run growth prospects .
At such a time , central banks must step in and set the price of liquidity at a reasonable level -- make it a centrally-planned and administered price -- rather than let it swing free in response to private-sector supply and demand .
According to the followers of Knut Wicksell , the central bank must keep the market rate of interest near the natural rate of interest . No , said the followers of John Maynard Keynes , it must offset swings in business animal spirits in order to stabilize aggregate demand .
The Treasury and Federal Reserve are adding preferred stock to the balance sheets of the US mortgage giants Fannie Mae and FHLBC and the insurance giant AIG in the hope of shoring up their capital cushions and lowering their borrowing costs so that they can buy more mortgages .
But that required , at some point , allowing some bank to fail , and persuading some debt holders and counterparties that the government guarantee of support to institutions that were too big to fail was not certain .
The Stimulus Ostriches BERKELEY -- Of all the strange things that have happened this winter , perhaps the strangest has been the emergence of large-scale Republican Party opposition to the Obama administration 's effort to keep American unemployment from jumping to 10 % or higher .
This opposition is not coming only from politicians who are calculating that opposition to whatever is proposed may yield electoral benefits ; indeed , it does not even reflect any coherent right-wing or indeed left-wing political position .
Businesses that ought to be expanding and hiring can not , because the depressed general level of financial asset prices prevents them from borrowing money or selling bonds on profitable terms .
Spending -- whether by the United States government during World War II , following the Reagan tax cuts of 1981 , by Silicon Valley during the late 1990 's , or by home buyers in America 's south and on its coasts in the 2000 's -- boosts employment and reduces unemployment . And government spending is as good as anybody else 's .
Developing-country politicians and populations complain bitterly that the rich industrial countries are growing too much food .
Falling birthrates depend on a rise in the status of women , confidence in public health , growing prosperity , and strong cultural cues to convince people that there are other , better indicators of success than a large family .
Presidents ' futures -- their ability to win re-election , to accomplish other policy goals , and to leave a respectable legacy -- hinge on the economy 's strength .
One exception is the Great Depression , which Prescott says was caused by real wages far exceeding equilibrium values , owing to President Herbert Hoover 's extraordinary pro-labor , pro-union policies .
The Economic Policy Institute reports a poll showing that Americans overwhelmingly believe that the economic policies of the past year have greatly enriched the bankers of Midtown Manhattan and London 's Canary Wharf -LRB- they really are n't concentrated along Wall Street or in the City of London anymore -RRB- .
And any attempt to make investment bankers suffer more last fall and winter would have put the entire support operation at risk .
The aim should be that `` soft power '' instruments like EU development aid and economic partnerships would be linked with a growing sense of political and security outreach to ensure Europe is a global player to be reckoned with .
But they are intended to underline what many people in Europe know very well , which is that the speed with which problems concerning international development and conflict are growing easily outpaces the EU 's policy responses so far .
Environmental damage has been staggering , the gap between rich and poor has been growing , and urbanization -- with all its attendant problems -- has surged .
Back in the 1990 's , Asia 's fast-growing economies maintained small reserves , despite booming exports and foreign investment .
Even after China -LRB- under pressure from US Treasury officials -RRB- let the yuan partially float in 2005 , the Leviathan kept growing by about $ 200 billion annually .
Even before Wall Street hit the skids , there was growing consensus in China that its reserves had grown far beyond what was necessary to avert another 1997-style crisis .
Sure enough , urban development , investment , and GDP growth accelerated throughout the 1990 's , but so did the gap between urban winners and rural losers .
For society as a whole , it can swing the balance from recession to growth .
Postponing purchases of new winter coats in the United States means job losses in Poland or China .
Low interest rates mean that the additional debt burdens that public borrowing will create can remain manageable .
Of course , fiscal stimulus does not mean just throwing money at the problem .
Meanwhile , US colleges and universities are struggling to attract the best and brightest minds from abroad , because those students -- and their professors -- are increasingly being denied US visas or subjected to harrowing entry delays when they arrive .
The principles seek to ensure that large-scale land investments result in `` win-win '' situations , benefiting investors and directly affected communities alike .
The requirement that evictions take place only for a valid `` public purpose , '' with fair compensation , and following consultation of those affected , is honored more in the breach than in the observance .
OXFORD -- It was recently discovered that the universe 's expansion is accelerating , not slowing , as was previously thought .
So the headlines proclaim : `` Einstein was right after all , '' as though scientists should be compared as one would clairvoyants : Who is distinguished from the common herd by knowing the unknowable -- such as the outcome of experiments that have yet to be conceived , let alone conducted ?
Einstein sought to avoid the implication of unmodified general relativity that the universe can not be static -- that it can expand -LRB- slowing down , against its own gravity -RRB- , collapse , or be instantaneously at rest , but that it can not hang unsupported .
Then , in 1929 , Edwin Hubble discovered that the universe is expanding , consistently -LRB- within the observational accuracy of the day -RRB- with unmodified general relativity .
Thousands of Tamil Tiger fighters have deserted . A rebel army has dwindled to a fanatical few .
Indeed , the Rajapaksa government , and the majority Sinhalese , must understand that the political and economic reforms needed to achieve a lasting peace are inextricably intertwined .
In the Eastern Province , a good start has been made , with former terrorists now winning through the ballot box and not the bullet .
Many suspect that Islamist radicals will be the big winners in any democratic opening .
Kerry and a growing number of Americans recognize that accepting limits on US power and the use of military force are a precondition for America 's ultimate security , that what binds can also strengthen , and that such limits will reinforce America 's ability to tackle the crisis in Iraq .
This kind of action is more likely to win back a skeptical citizenry than any information campaign , however well designed .
Deepening democracy in turn means allowing full civic participation , including non-violent Islamic groups .
The current project pipeline also implies less than 50 % utilization for wind-power equipment manufacturers in 2010 .
In 2006 , for example , the NDRC produced a list of plants that were required to cease operations by the end of the following year .
Slowly , other companies are following suit .
In talking about similar issues raised in my recent book Body Shopping , I have heard many shocked reactions to the growing commodification of human tissue , but none more generally shared than this one : how can you take out a patent on life ?
She was examining the papers of Thomas Parran , US surgeon-general from 1936-1948 , when the Tuskegee research was already in full swing . So , too , she found , was the previously unknown Guatemalan experiment .
Nowadays , another major controversy has erupted in several Indian states , owing to a research project to vaccinate girls against cervical cancer -- an issue that has now entered the US presidential campaign , because Texas 's governor , Rick Perry , now seeking the Republican presidential nomination , backed a similar mandatory program .
Indeed , due to the wealth of terrorist groups engaged in drug dealing , Erhard Busek , the Coordinator of the EU 's Stability Pact for the former Yugoslavia , thinks that the chance of peace in Macedonia will be a mere 50 % once this winter 's snows thaw .
Moreover , the military leaders are dragging their feet on easing restrictions on the import of humanitarian supplies and allowing a UN assessment team into the country .
All five failed . As US President-elect Barack Obama and his advisers assess their foreign-policy priorities , they will encounter the immediate challenge of addressing Iran 's nuclear program and the country 's growing strategic importance in the Middle East and South Asia .
Moreover , four reactors were de-commissioned during 2009 , and a larger number of reactors in Japan and Germany are not in use , owing to various technical stoppages .
The king has a window of opportunity to deliver on his promises .
They are impressed that in many , perhaps most cross-examinations of the witnesses , he seems to win , and they like it when he fights to prove that he and his people were victims of NATO and KLA terrorists backed by the West .
Because Ko¨tunica did not win 50 % plus one of the votes of all registered voters in the first round , he faces a run-off with Labus on October 13th .
Since most people who voted for the eight minor candidates in the first round will also cast ballots for Ko¨tunica , he is all but certain to win .
But the bill for this bravura performance keeps growing : high and rising debt , high and rising deficits , very high inflation .
Of course , that makes the budget deficit larger and keeps debt growing fast .
Turkey is on a path to a dramatic financial crash that risks throwing the country out of its precarious political situation and into the unknown .
An upswing is coming in the fourth quarter , underpinned by tax cuts and much lower interest rates .
The latest survey of professional forecasters predicts a gradual upswing , with growth rising from an annual rate of 2.8 % in the 4th quarter to 3.9 % next year .
While there would certainly be geopolitical responses , the world would be in deep trouble for years even if oil started flowing again .
Growing your way out of debt is the usual answer for such a condition .
In America , for example , it is illegal to ship wine privately from California to Massachusetts because wine wholesalers in Massachusetts managed to have a Federal law established that protects their huge profit margins .
If America wants to lead capitalism 's global march , it must exorcize a growing culture of corporate crony capitalism .
But in the swing of the pendulum the excesses of yesterday will incite greater scrutiny and a tougher rulebook for business in the future .
Yet , the very fact of a US upswing that is bigger , comes sooner , and is better than anywhere else - Europe remains plagued by growth cramps and Japan 's economic policy kabuki is going nowhere - will support and even strengthen the dollar .
Worse still , the sell-off of state assets was accompanied by massive external borrowing .
In some cases , notably Argentina , borrowing by domestic buyers exhausted all available lines of credit .
When the money stopped flowing in , the wealth dried up .
There is also a growing recognition that the social circumstances to which terrorists are exposed play a significant role .
China and southern Africa have received growing international attention in recent years , but for very different reasons .
This implies increasing minerals exports to China , together with growing Chinese investment in the region to secure sources of supply .
Indeed , fears are growing that southern Africa will be condemned to the role of exporter of raw materials .
If the economic impact of China 's growing global importance on southern Africa is promising , but uncertain , what about the geopolitical implications ?
Given China 's growing interest in securing African votes in the UN Security Council , there is scope for collaboration .
It also exposes the dark side of China 's growing involvement in Africa , namely that its thirst for oil outweighs humanitarian considerations .
The growing presence of non-commercial investors has provided important liquidity to the market , as speculators assume risks related to commodity prices that hedgers wish to avoid .
But what about trend-following investors , or those with market power ?
· As excess demand in well-functioning futures markets can easily be met by sufficient supply -LRB- i.e. , by issuing new futures contracts -RRB- , the effect of speculation on the equilibrium price is relatively small and short-lived compared to price swings of a physical asset , for which supply might be less elastic or even fixed in the short term .
It is swaying in fierce electoral winds , it was made exclusively in the USA without Mexican help , and it does n't contain enough candy .
Doors open to those with the right name and the right connections , and contracts are assigned with a slap on the back and the wink of an eye .
For example , when initial reports surfaced about the first swine flu cases , it took three weeks for the information to reach federal health authorities , because state governments were reluctant to report cases quickly due to political and electoral considerations .
In all likelihood , the 22 reported dead from swine flu reflect a social safety net falling to pieces due to lack of public investment and union recalcitrance .
Disapproval of Congress is growing , and people 's satisfaction with representative democracy has decreased .
Mexico 's bad health is a symptom of problems that run deeper and are more widespread than swine flu .
Saddled with an economic contraction of 8 % of GDP , higher than any other Latin American country , Mexico is also slipping in the global competitiveness index , lags behind in key social indicators , is being downgraded by investment ratings agencies , and faces the prospect of declining oil revenues , owing to a dramatic drop in production .
It hid economic distortions , allowing successive governments to postpone needed structural reform as it financed the status quo . Mexico was able to float along , buoyed by billions of dollars of oil revenue , without having to swim more quickly or forcefully than its competitors in the sea of emerging markets .
I was supposed to put forward Russian proposals on the new security concept to the NATO-Russia Council -LRB- NRC -RRB- last September . But the Alliance refused to hold the scheduled meeting following the Georgia crisis .
The result today is a thriving agricultural sector , which is growing at more than 5 % a year , and hunger levels that fell by 75 % from 1990-2004 .
The idea of outlawing such tests was first floated in 1954 by Indian Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru , who framed his proposal in the context of broader progress toward nuclear disarmament , just as we are doing today .
Other treaties are needed as well , especially one outlawing the production of fissile materials for use in nuclear weapons .
It is hard to imagine that anyone thinks of goodness as a problem , but Charles Darwin did .
The little worker bees that sacrificed themselves to protect their hives -- the ultimate example of animal goodness -- kept Darwin up at night .
Given Darwin 's ideas about evolution natural selection were correct -LRB- and , of course , they were and are -RRB- , then this sort of altruism should be extraordinarily rare in nature .
But they do n't disappear , and Darwin was so puzzled by this that he spoke of altruism as a problem that could prove fatal to his whole theory of evolution .
Then a solution to this nasty conundrum hit Darwin like a ton of bricks .
Darwin was n't the only scientist who was fascinated with the question of the evolution of goodness .
Following up on work done by Trivers in the early 1970 's , in 1981 , Axelrod and Hamilton used the mathematics of game theory to predict when so-called `` reciprocal altruism '' should evolve .
Rating agencies have downgraded Portugal , Greece , and Spain , owing to their poor prospects for economic growth and weak public finances .
As Argentina showed after its default and devaluation in the winter of 2001\/2002 , such a move can reignite exports and economic growth .
Alternatively , the EU could create a special facility through which it borrows money in the bond market to help the member in trouble -- an arrangement similar to the bonds that the European Commission has already issued for the emergency facility from which Hungary and Latvia have been borrowing .
So long as a national government is not running more than a modest deficit , a current-account deficit reflects the private sector 's borrowing from abroad -LRB- or the sale of previously accumulated foreign assets -RRB- .
Although growing , China 's trade with Latin America and the Caribbean remains small , representing less than 2 % of both exports and imports in 2002 .
This is important because it illustrates the dissimilar regional impact that trade with China has on Latin America and the Carribean , owing to the export of South America 's basic goods , coupled with the growth of Chinese imports into Mexico .
While bilateral trade has increased and diplomatic relations have strengthened in the past few years , a lack of knowledge persists between the two regions , and in some cases tensions are growing .
But bilateral trade has been growing at impressive rates , with Chinese exports and imports up by 24.8 % and 23.9 % , respectively , from 1995 to 2006 .
China would seem to fit the profile of `` the worst student who got the best job , '' with its GDP per capita growing -- under `` ideologically erroneous '' conditions -- 17.3 times faster than in Latin America from 1980 to 2005 .
So dividing Latin American countries into `` winners '' and `` losers '' makes no sense .
In many places today information is flowing more than ever , but mass media are under both political and financial pressure .
The Information State MOSCOW -- The new American administration of Barack Obama is planning to appoint a chief technology officer , following the lead of most large corporations nowadays .
The Internet 's Immune System NEW YORK -- Viruses , phishing , spyware , spam , denial-of-service attacks , botnets ... You have probably heard these words , and perhaps even suffered from what they signify , with or without knowing it .
Borrowing from the open-software movement , Räsänen and his colleagues want to make the idea and the basic designs free , and encourage lots of companies all over the world to implement it locally .
It 's energy - and environmentally - friendly at a time when concerns about global warming are growing .
All SWFs can respond to global political events by quickly withdrawing funds invested abroad .
In this case , the Libyans did not respond by withdrawing a large amount of funds , but that could happen in the future .
The Uribe Model A left-wing tide has supposedly been sweeping Latin America .
The charismatic and workaholic President Uribe was allowed -- for the first time in Colombia 's modern history -- to stand for a second four-year term as an incumbent , winning outright in the first round with an absolute majority of 62 % of the popular vote .
Opposed to this consensus is a new left-wing party , the Polo Alternativo Democrático -LRB- PAD -RRB- . Headed by a former Constitutional Court judge , Carlos Gaviria , the PAD consists of a broad range of leftists , from former Marxist guerrillas to `` third way '' social democrats .
Uribe 's victory , and the emerging political consensus that it reflects , was remarkable for its peacefulness , in contrast to the violence that left-wing guerrillas unleashed when he won the presidency four years ago .
After 40 years of bloody internal conflict , this proved a winning strategy .
At the same time , Uribe secured a negotiated agreement to demobilize the right-wing paramilitary insurgents , the United Self-Defense Forces -LRB- AUC -RRB- and successfully disarmed 30,000 AUCs through a program , called `` firm hands , big heart , '' based on civilian reintegration and financial reparation to victims of their crimes .
Uribe has even managed , despite being a US ally , to get the support of Cuba 's Fidel Castro , who appears to have abandoned his support for armed revolutionary struggle in Latin America , instead viewing success at the ballot box -- the PAD in Colombia , Hugo Chávez in Venezuela , and Evo Morales in Bolivia -- as the way forward .
Castro is mediating between Uribe 's government and the National Liberation Army -LRB- ELN -RRB- , a smaller ex-Maoist and Catholic left-wing terrorist group .
But for Uribe 's consensus to outlast him and become a truly viable model for the continent , he knows that he must win the hearts and minds of Colombia 's disaffected rural population .
France and the Benelux countries had to bail out Fortis and Dexia , owing to the lack of any European mechanism for saving integrated financial companies .
Ecuador 's election demonstrates the growing strength of Indians and other groups estranged from governments that adhere too closely to policies dictated from Washington .
After winning a bilingual education system in the late 1980 's and securing land titles for many peasants in 1992 , CONAIE expanded its agenda .
In January of 2000 , following the economic implosion caused by a banking scandal that implicated President Mahuad , and Mahaud 's subsequent replacement of the Sucre with the US dollar as Ecuador 's currency , CONAIE solidified its role at the heart of Ecuadorian politics .
Gutierrez , following CONAIE 's lead , has called the FTAA `` suicide '' and proposes strengthening ties with the Andean Community and with Brazil and Venezuela , who are also skeptical of the FTAA .
The Best and Brightest Fanatics In Britain and Australia , several Muslim medical doctors and engineers have been arrested following a series of failed car bombings .
In the United States , literalist Christians with engineering backgrounds have long led opposition to Darwin 's theory of evolution .
Likewise , in Muslim countries , it is not unusual for engineering professors to denounce Darwin as a fraud , and many well-known doctors argue that modern technological and scientific developments are prefigured in the Koran .
Increasingly Islamism is becoming a form of right-wing populism .
But , like right-wing Christians in the US , Islamists can be legitimate parts of a democratic political landscape .
Moreover , a growing number of Latin American countries are veering left , and Hugo Chávez , the belligerent and anti-American Venezuelan president , is becoming increasingly popular in every Latin American country .
An increasing number of Latin American countries have elected left-wing presidents who criticize market reforms and globalization .
But voters have catapulted left-wing politicians to power in Argentina , Bolivia , Brazil , Chile , Costa Rica , Ecuador , Peru , Venezuela , and Uruguay , while López retains the ability -- and perhaps the will -- to mobilize his supporters .
The main concern is that left-wing politicians will implement populist policies that will generate large fiscal deficits , high inflation , and , eventually , currency collapses .
The current crop of left-wing political leaders is different from the populist '' caudillos '' of the past .
But then it shot up again following the failure of Bear Stearns and the problems with AIG .
Others will say that a priority should be agreement on slowing climate change .
The window of opportunity for financial reform is now closing , and business-as-usual will only result in more crises and more bailouts .
Some will say that the fatal mistake was allowing Greece to adopt the euro in the first place .
The IMF has also put in place a Flexible Credit Line to disburse funds quickly -- and free of onerous conditions -- to countries buffeted by financial crosswinds through no fault of their own .
Indeed , it is revealing that when South Korea was desperate for dollars following the failure of Lehman Brothers , it borrowed from the United States Federal Reserve , not from the Fund .
It is the turn of someone from outside Europe to head the IMF -- Europe having had a monopoly on the position since the Fund was created following World War II .
There should be an open competition , in which the best candidate wins on the basis of his or her ideas .
The Chinese economy is growing at potential : forecasts put the prospective rate for 2010 at 10 % ; the first-quarter flash numbers , at 11.9 % , show it expanding as fast as any economy can safely grow .
Moreover , gradual adjustment in the bilateral exchange rate is needed to prevent global imbalances from blowing out .
Consider the following image : consumers and investors as passengers in a car hurtling directly toward a brick wall .
If the passengers were growing restive , they would rise .
Others strongly disagree , noting the continued low level of interest rates , and that even under the previous government 's plan , net borrowing costs were already scheduled to fall by nearly two-thirds between 2010-11 and 2014-15 .
As a stand-alone entity , it was then vulnerable to market swings .
Of equal importance were the rise of China and the decline of investment in Asia following the 1997-1998 financial crisis .
This propped up the dollar and reduced the cost of borrowing for US households , encouraging them to live beyond their means .
BERKELEY -- The competition for reserve-currency status is conventionally portrayed as a winner-take-all game .
Willingness to hold the dollar may be undercut by concern with America 's twin fiscal and external deficits .
In the United States , there is growing concern that the worst recession since the Great Depression has damaged the economy 's capacity to grow .
Rapidly growing catch-up economies are paddling furiously to avoid being dragged down by a torrent of capital inflows .
In 1964 , it was the rapidly growing economies of Europe , still catching up to the US , that were howling about the Federal Reserve .
Back then , international monetary diplomacy focused on creating a new form of international reserves , what became the International Monetary Fund 's Special Drawing Rights .
Special Drawing Rights never became an attractive alternative to the dollar , only modestly supplementing dollars and other national units in international use .
Proposals to this effect -- a response to the emergence of chronic surpluses in Germany and Italy , and chronic deficits in the US -- attracted growing attention once the SDR negotiations sputtered to a close in 1968 .
First , there is the growing problem of unemployment and underemployment among university graduates .
The other fashionable policy idea that will ultimately prove impractical is to transform the IMF credits known as Special Drawing Rights into an international currency to rival the dollar . The problem is that SDRs are used neither to settle cross-border transactions nor as a unit in which to denominate international bonds .
In addition , in order for the SDR to become a true global currency , the IMF would have to be empowered to issue more of them in a crisis , much like the US Federal Reserve provided foreign central banks with $ 120 billion in emergency credits following the collapse of Lehman Brothers .
What neither Friedman nor anyone else anticipated in 1998 was that the first serious downturn following the advent of the euro would coincide with the mother of all financial crises .
By showing who is weak and who is strong , proper stress tests would also limit counterparty risk .
These could range from building new solar and wind power-generating facilities , in order to turn Greece into a major energy exporter , to updating its ports to help make it a commercial hub for the eastern Mediterranean .
I ruled out a role for Special Drawing Rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- , the accounting unit issued by the International Monetary Fund .
Guy Verhofstadt , leader of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe in the European Parliament , is only one in a growing chorus of voices calling for the creation of Eurobonds .
Note the one thing on which members of both camps agree : the global savings imbalance -- low savings in the US and high savings in China and other emerging markets -- played a key role in the crisis by allowing Americans to live beyond their means .
If this view is correct , we can expect to see global imbalances re-emerge once the recession is over and to unwind only slowly thereafter .
This interpretation again implies the re-emergence of global imbalances once the recession ends , and their very gradual unwinding thereafter .
The distress following the failure of Lehman Brothers would have been an obvious occasion .
They specified contributions to their $ 120 billion pool , set down borrowing entitlements , and allocated voting shares .
The idea that the US can grow out of its debt burden , as did Finland and Sweden following their financial crises in the 1990 's , seems unrealistic .
Allowing the renminbi to appreciate as a way of encouraging imports may also discourage exports , the traditional motor of Chinese growth .
By seeming to give ground on this point in the effort to win friends and influence people , the IMF has created unnecessary confusion .
If so , the Fund needs to win back their confidence .
If , in the long run , a supra-national unit , the Special Drawing Right , is to replace national currencies in international use , then the Fund will need to guide its development .
The crisis is not yet forgotten , but the window is closing .
China , Brazil , and Russia have offered ambitious proposals , which may bear fruit in 10 or 20 years , to make the International Monetary Fund 's Special Drawing Rights a true international currency .
The home country must put a cap on leverage , limit acceptable liquidity and funding practices , and have a resolution regime for winding up complex financial institutions .
Italy , meanwhile , failed to use the significant windfall from the steep decline in long-term interest rates caused by the introduction of the euro and a decade of rapid economic growth to repair its debt position . Italy 's debt barely budged and stayed well above 100 % of GDP .
Increasing tensions between the euro countries on economic policy are likely , as are growing rifts within the ECB governing council in the coming years .
The refrain of his winning song , `` Together : 1992 , '' was `` Unite , unite Europe . ''
The following decade turned out to be one of , first , the war on terror and , later , the worst financial and economic crisis in almost a century -- a time when virtually every developed economy experienced a long and deep recession .
But , owing to the financial and economic crisis , the current decade will be remembered as the decade of public debt , and in some countries or regions , maybe even the decade of permanent fiscal derailment if nothing is done .
That effect , however , has to come on top of withdrawing the current fiscal stimulus that all countries have implemented .
As government deficits and public debt increase in many developed and emerging economies , financial markets will most likely demand higher risk premia , owing to heightened fears of default and inflation down the road .
During the last 20 years , economic growth has been based on rising asset prices and declining borrowing costs for consumers and companies .
And yet , despite winning the addition of a special protocol to the Nice Treaty that guarantees Ireland 's cherished neutrality , Yes supporters face an uphill battle .
The window of opportunity to create a Europe that is whole and free after a half century of division and misery may not remain open indefinitely .
Without rapid growth , there is no way to reverse persistently high and increasingly structural -LRB- and therefore protracted -RRB- unemployment ; safely de-leverage over-indebted balance sheets ; and prevent already-disturbing income and wealth inequalities from growing worse .
Little has been done to deconstruct structural complexity , let alone win sufficient public support for a medium-term vision , a credible implementation strategy , and a set of measures that is adequate to the task at hand .
· With virtually no earned income and dwindling savings , the unemployed are least able to manage the current surge in gasoline and food prices , they are effectively shut off from credit , and many have mortgage debt that exceed the value of their homes .
Looking ahead , some signs point to the global economy 's accelerated healing and growing resilience , which bodes well for an orderly retreat from unconventional policies .
Creditors would then ask many more questions before adding to their already-considerable holdings of US government debt , generating still more headwinds in a US economy that already faces an unemployment crisis and uneven growth .
This helps to explain why so many companies continue to hoard cash , rather than investing domestically , and why a growing number of countries want to diversify gradually away from dependence on the dollar as the reserve currency and on US financial markets for intermediation of their hard-earned savings .
And the question then becomes whether the crew of the struggling rescue vessel will decide that they can stabilize the situation only through a once-unthinkable action -- throwing someone overboard to lighten the vessel and save the rest .
The outcome is both uncertain and highly consequential -- for Europe , of course , but also for a global economy that is in the midst of a synchronized slowdown and operating with a weakened anchor , owing to America 's recent debt-ceiling debacle and the humiliating loss of its AAA sovereign credit rating .
My own sense is that it was able but unwilling , owing to its fear of collateral damage for the rest of the eurozone .
Would you draw comfort from your country 's impressive internal resilience and offset the deflationary winds blowing from the West ; or would you play it safe and increase your country 's precautionary reserves ?
In this scenario , rather than stimulating domestic demand , they would fortify their defenses , positioning themselves for a long and stormy winter for the global economy .
They will hope for a short winter for the global economy , but they will plan and position for a long one .
The Commission 's progress report will be dealt with by the European Council next month . At that meeting , European leaders should ask themselves the following questions : Has the EU given Turkey a fair deal in the case of Cyprus ?
Throughout this difficult period , the European Union has failed Ukraine , bluntly declaring that it should not hold any hope of future membership and justifying this stance by citing its internal problems -- the stranded Constitutional Treaty -- and growing public sentiment against further enlargement .
Even current EU members feel abandoned by the Union : there is a growing sense in the three Baltic Countries , Poland , and Hungary that the EU is allowing them to be squeezed by Russia , particularly on energy policy .
Both countries suffer from Russian trade embargoes on their most important export products -- wines and foodstuffs .
The driving force , however , can only be an understanding that EU enlargement must be regarded as a win-win situation for all countries involved directly or indirectly - including Russia .
This , in turn , created once again the kind of win-win situation that is so important for future relations between the EU and Russia .
Growing anxiety among China 's neighbors , particularly India , has led to remarkable increases in defense spending by other Asian powers as well .
When eight European leaders published their appeal to heal the growing transatlantic rift , they were accused of undermining European unity .
Such rhetoric makes wars easier to justify , easier to wage , and easier to support , especially for elected leaders who must respond directly to swings in public opinion . Such language works equally well for any society in today 's media-obsessed age .
But it also helps make the world a more dangerous place by obscuring the real reasons for war , and by allowing peoples around the world to justify violence and conflict not as a means to an end , but rather as a holy mission of liberation , freedom , and the eradication of tyranny .
In fact , Chinese leaders have spent remarkably little , relative to China 's growing GDP , on the military .
Total personal taxes are mildly progressive , increasing steadily as a share of income from 14 % at the 10th percentile to 28 % at the 90th percentile , but then falling off sharply to 22 % at the top , owing to the favorable treatment of capital gains and investment income , the wage cap on social security taxes , and the sharp regressivity of sales taxes .
Yet Twitter has an almost religious following among tech-savvy Chinese , whose determination to use the service outstrips authorities ' efforts to block access to it .
If the fact that we are the only human species left on earth is the result of an historical accident rather than Darwinian competition , we can open our minds and accept that we share some of our `` culture '' with both our living and no longer living relatives .
High oil prices kept Russia 's economy - and common people 's income - - growing rapidly .
Foreign students are killed because of growing racism .
A recent fashion in St. Petersburg are restaurants with names such as `` Lenin 's Mating Call , '' `` USSR , '' and `` Russian Kitsch , '' which has frescos showing collective farmers socializing with American Indians while Leonid Brezhnev , resembling Frank Sinatra , gives a speech to a stone-age tribe .
And , as long as oil prices were growing faster than Russian salaries , those in power could still grab a big slice of the profits .
Industrial centers with growing unemployment will receive more troops .
MELBOURNE -- Shortly before Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin 's assassination by a right-wing Jewish extremist in November 1995 , I met him in Tel Aviv .
Such a constructive outcome has become more urgent than ever , given the Middle East 's new geopolitical realities following the Arab Spring .
Third , following from this , there is a clear perception in Iran that acquiring an actual bomb would lead to impossibly stringent economic sanctions .
Democracy promotion by the United States and the European Union generates ridicule when it extends only to elections producing winners found palatable , as Gaza 's vote for Hamas in 2006 did not .
As military stalemate looms in Libya , there will be a growing temptation to stretch the UN 's legal authority -- and the moral and political support that goes with it -- to the breaking point , and NATO is now close to that line .
A famous player of the 1990 's said at the time , `` I 'd make a racist comment every week if I thought it would help win the game . '' And spectators were no different : `` Of course , I sing out ` black bastard , ' but I do n't mean it .
Casual racism -- disparaging remarks made about other ethnic and national groups around the workplace , or over the bar or the family dinner table -LRB- as I can well remember growing up in the 1950 's -RRB- -- had become much less prevalent in Australian private life , and certainly wholly absent from public life , by the 1990 's .
At the same time , we can expect a growing Atlantic community as successive rounds of trade liberalization make it easier to develop a free-trade area between the EU and the United States .
Shortly before that , China 's government acted to stop over-borrowing by local governments -LRB- through local state investment corporations -RRB- , and to cool feverish regional housing markets by raising the down-payment ratio for second house buyers and the capital-adequacy ratio for developers .
This latest round of monetary tightening in China reflects the authorities ' growing concern over liquidity .
To be sure , China may have a strong tendency to create bubbles , partly because people in a fast-growing economy become less risk-averse .
Instead , they are so confident that they often blame the government for not allowing the economy to grow even faster .
China 's large state sector -LRB- which accounts for more than 30 % of GDP -RRB- is usually careless about losses , owing to the soft budget constraints under which they operate .
In addition , various structural problems -- including large and growing income disparities -- are causing serious disequilibrium in the economy .
Over-borrowing by local government did pose risks to the banking system and the economy as a whole , but , given China 's currently low public-debt\/GDP ratio -LRB- just 24 % even after the anti-crisis stimulus -RRB- , non-performing loans are not a dangerous problem .
Indeed , they may be easily absorbed as long as annual GDP growth remains at 8-9 % and , most importantly , as long as local government borrowings are now contained .
This time , China 's current-account surplus has been shrinking significantly , owing to the global recession caused by the collapse of the US financial bubble .
Indeed , China 's exports fell by 16 % year on year in 2009 , owing to the global financial crisis and recession . Nevertheless , annual GDP grew by 8.7 % , thanks to 16.9 % growth in consumption -LRB- measured by gross sale of consumer goods -RRB- and a 33.3 % surge in fixed-investment demand .
The fundamental factors underlying the US external imbalance are large fiscal deficits and low household savings , owing to excessive financial leverage . The fundamental factors on the Chinese side are high corporate and household savings , together with some distortion of resource\/utility prices .
Today , by contrast , although domestic investment is growing very strongly , external demand has not recovered to its previous levels .
Indeed , the main cause of overheating in the early 1990 's was over-borrowing by local governments .
This source of vulnerability has become less important , owing to tight restrictions imposed since the 1990 's on local governments ' borrowing capacity .
Countries that save too much export too much , according to conventional wisdom , resulting in high trade surpluses and growing foreign-exchange reserves .
Indeed , China recorded a trade deficit in part of this period , as high investment in fixed assets -LRB- owing to government stimulus policies enacted in the wake of the global financial crisis -RRB- fueled domestic demand for goods in the same way that higher consumer spending would .
Without domestic structural change , currency appreciation would not only undermine exports , but might also decrease imports , owing to higher unemployment and lower income .
China has adopted some policies to reduce its trade surplus , such as lowering import tariffs , withdrawing tax rebates for exported goods , and gradual exchange-rate appreciation .
It has also driven up corporate savings , because firms ' earnings are growing faster than household income and -LRB- and , for that matter , faster than overall GDP -RRB- .
But there are even more problems related to China 's disproportionately small household income , particularly growing income disparity .
Urbanites -- people with formal registration as urban residents -- have recorded income gains as well , owing to their coverage by the government-run education system and social safety net .
All the lessons from developing countries from the 1950 's through the 1980 's , and recent lessons from some advanced developed countries , tell us that over-burdening social programs with too great a focus on redistribution may cause large fiscal deficits , debt crises , hyper-inflation , or financial meltdown , with the end result being not a narrowing of disparity but an enlargement .
Moreover , capital inflows increased significantly , owing to real investment opportunities in the high-growth economy and the expectation of renminbi revaluation .
Never mind that America 's bilateral trade deficit with China , even including Hong Kong , accounts for less than one-fifth of the total US deficit : growing imports from China and more direct investment by US companies supposedly fueled US unemployment .
Although the majority of China 's exports now come from private companies that receive virtually no loans from state banks , American candidates in previous elections routinely sought to curry favor with working class voters by vowing to protect US jobs against China 's supposedly unfair business practices .
No matter how much politicians blame others , growing US imports mean greater reliance on international markets , and some China factor in America 's investment portfolio is needed to compete against European and Japanese firms .
The winds of global change began sweeping through Asia roughly two decades ago , first in East Asia , then engulfing China , and in the course of the 1990 's blowing on to South Asia , most importantly India .
Likewise , influential groups such as Hamas , the legitimate winner of the Palestinian elections , can not be eliminated by military force , however powerful , nor exorcised by decree .
In the short term , there are concerns that oil production will peak soon , owing not to the unavailability of reserves , but to obstacles to investment -- for example , access to reserves , sanctions , and policy uncertainty .
However , over time , other factors behind the growing number of cases , such as immigration and a particular type of drug-resistant TB , have emerged .
These results suggest the following clinical and public health implications :
The DOTS strategy is not implemented in all European countries , owing in part to disagreement about whether treatment is a duty or a right .
Unless we act to step up the fight against TB , many health-care systems may find themselves facing a less abstract problem : securing the economic resources and organizational capacity to ensure treatment for the growing number of patients who want and need it .
The Reference Scenario -- in which no new policies are introduced -- in the International Energy Agency 's 2008 World Energy Outlook sees annual global primary energy demand growing 1.6 % on average up to 2030 , from 11,730 million tons of oil equivalent -LRB- Mtoe -RRB- to just over 17,010 Mtoe -- an increase of 45 % in just over 20 years .
Global renewables-based electricity generation -LRB- mainly hydro and wind , but also solar and biomass -RRB- is set to double between 2006 and 2030 .
In the EU , wind 's share in total power generation is set to rise to 14 % by 2030 , from 2 % today , and would account for well over half the total increase in the EU power generation .
According to the International Service for the Acquisition of Agri-biotech Applications -LRB- ISAAA -RRB- , GM crop adoption is growing at double-digit rates , reaching 114.3 million hectares in 23 countries in 2007 .
What would we do today in the face of the growing world-wide diabetes epidemic without human insulin , now produced on a very large scale from human insulin genes expressed in microorganisms ?
Land is lost to urbanization , desertification , and salinization as fast as it is added by clearing forests and plowing grasslands .
Will we have the wisdom to accept the growing evidence of safety and welcome these necessary survival tools ?
If that high level of government borrowing occurs , it will absorb all of the available household savings even at the current elevated level .
Yet his proposals are meeting strong opposition from fiscally conservative Democrats as well as from Republicans , owing to their potential impact on future fiscal deficits .
Because Greece has not had its own currency for more than a decade , there has been no market signal to warn Greece that its debt was growing unacceptably large .
But , because Greek euro bonds were regarded as a close substitute for other countries ' euro bonds , the interest rate on Greek bonds did not rise as Greece increased its borrowing -- until the market began to fear a possible default .
When the textile and shoe industries in America 's northeastern states died , workers moved to the West , where new industries were growing .
The unemployed workers of Greece , Portugal , and Spain do not move to faster-growing regions of Europe because of differences in language , history , religion , union membership , etc. .
Those countries succumbed to the resulting temptation to increase government borrowing , driving the ratio of government debt to GDP to more than 100 % in Greece and Italy .
The rapid rise in saving has reduced consumer spending , slowing the pace of GDP growth in 2009 and in early 2010 .
One reason was that rising stock markets and higher house prices made individuals wealthier , reducing their need to save for retirement and allowing retirees to dissave more .
Corporate retained earnings have averaged about 3 % of GDP after allowing for depreciation of existing plant and equipment .
Unfortunately , government borrowing to finance its deficit over the rest of this decade is projected to absorb about 5 % of GDP .
Foreign investors might therefore fear that future US administrations will be tempted to reduce the real value of that debt by allowing a higher inflation rate .
In short , Japan 's national savings still exceed its domestic investment , allowing Japan to be a net capital exporter .
If the saving rate now rises quickly to that level , it will be hard to keep overall GDP growing .
But house prices have since fallen some 40 % on average , leaving one-third of homeowners with mortgages owing more than their house is worth .
The resulting fall in wealth has reduced consumer spending , while the decline in homeowners ' equity prevents borrowing to finance any increase .
Because America 's GDP has recently been growing at an annual rate of only about 2 % -- and final sales at only about 1 % -- such a tax increase would probably have pushed the US economy into a new recession .
The final component of the agreement is temporary acceleration of tax depreciation , allowing firms in 2011 to write off 100 % of capital investment immediately , in contrast to the current rule , which stipulates a 50 % immediate write-off , followed by depreciation of the remaining 50 % over the statutory life of the equipment .
And a country with a current-account surplus has the funds to lend and invest in the rest of the world , while a country with a current-account deficit must finance its external gap by borrowing from the rest of the world .
If that trade gap persists , Greece will have to borrow the full amount from foreign lenders every year in the future , even if the post-default budget deficits could be financed by borrowing at home .
A country with a flexible currency can achieve that by allowing the exchange rate to depreciate .
Making room for increased consumer spending requires reducing the level of exports by allowing the currency to appreciate .
The growing gap between mortgage debts and house prices will continue to increase the rate of defaults .
Postponing a default gives the French and German financial institutions time to build up their capital , reduce their exposure to Greek banks by not renewing credit when loans come due , and sell Greek bonds to the European Central Bank .
So European politicians hope that by showing that even Greece can avoid default , private markets will gain enough confidence in the viability of Italy and Spain to continue lending to their governments at reasonable rates and financing their banks .
That will be hard to achieve , because fiscal tightening will reduce Italian GDP , which is now barely growing , in turn shrinking tax revenue .
Most experts believe that limiting the rise in debt will require slowing the growth of these `` entitlement '' programs and increasing taxes as a share of GDP .
Although some cuts in traditional outlays should be part of efforts to rein in spending , this approach should be supplemented by reducing `` tax expenditures '' -- the special features of the tax code that subsidize health care , mortgage borrowing , local-government taxes , etc. . Limiting tax expenditures could reduce the annual deficit by as much as 2 % of GDP , thereby reducing the debt-to-GDP ratio in 2021 by more than 25 percentage points .
When an economy is closer to full employment , government borrowing to finance budget deficits can crowd out private investment that would raise productivity and the standard of living .
Moreover , a substantial part of the spending will be spread over the following decade .
Although private enterprises are the fastest growing part of the Chinese economy , enterprises that are partially or fully owned by the state continue to be major employers .
As a result , democracies are likelier than non-democracies to win wars , because they mobilize their societies more fully , and because citizens , who bear the costs , have the electoral power to stop politicians from fighting wars that are reckless and unnecessary .
All of this looks like classic right-wing revanchism . But within , or alongside it , is a new kind of populism , unclassifiable in traditional terms .
Even in Spain and Britain , where few electorally successful right-wing extremists exist , governments seek to pre-empt them by poaching their policies and their rhetoric .
But old right-wing planks formed much of his platform .
These new model nationalists need not win elections to recast Europe .
Withdrawing from the War on Drugs
Withdrawing from the War on Drugs GENEVA -- Switzerland 's direct democracy allows citizens who have gathered enough petition signatures to challenge government policies and laws in nationwide referenda .
The protests of April 2009 were triggered by the Communist Party 's claim to have won a third consecutive term in power , following an aggressive election campaign with widespread abuses .
In a sea of pessimism about democracy in the EU 's neighborhood , some winds are still blowing in the right direction .
The Iranian regime 's analysis might prove a dangerous miscalculation , because it is likely to lead sooner rather than later to a `` hot '' confrontation that Iran simply can not win .
Neither Russia nor China could avoid showing solidarity within the Security Council .
As with Iraq , America 's strength may be enough to start a war , but not to win it .
The policy of isolation coupled with direct negotiations would be strengthened further by a common strategy toward Syria , aimed not at `` regime change , '' but at `` coalition change '' -- that is , drawing Syria away from its close alliance with Iran .
In the 1990 's , following its atrocities in Bosnia , Slobodan Milosevic 's Serb regime abolished Kosovo 's long-standing autonomy , suppressing the rights of the province 's overwhelming Albanian majority .
Following NATO 's intervention , the United Nations Security Council unanimously adopted Resolution 1244 , placing Kosovo under UN administration .
Resolving Kosovo 's status is also a necessity for the province 's Serb minority , who continue to live in uncertainty , not knowing whether to look to Belgrade or Pristina for protection of their rights .
In fact , Kosovo 's fate is intertwined with the EU 's own .
Darfur is a humanitarian catastrophe : more than 200,000 dead , thousands raped and tortured , and 2.6 million people displaced , owing to the Sudanese government 's war against its own people .
The following consequences are already foreseeable :
The Poles should ask themselves the following question : Would , Poland 's traditional security concern , Russia , be happy or sad if the Polish government had really carried out its threat and used its veto to block the Brussels agreement ?
The answer is clear : of course , the Russians would have rubbed their hands in jubilation and secretly celebrated the twin brothers at the head of the Polish state .
In addition , each winter there is a repeated threat of `` problems '' with oil and gas deliveries to Europe .
The power of the center is being restored , following its partial disintegration after the end of the Soviet Union .
As no regional power is strong enough to win a war of succession outright , all of these powers could only lose if a conflict ensues .
Today , it is three times larger , and growing .
Other large and populous emerging countries in Asia and South America are following in these giants ' footsteps .
And India is following close behind China in its level of carbon emissions .
After a long winter and a non-existent spring , summer started promptly with the first kick-off -- and virtually overnight , Germany has flaunted its sunniest and most delightful side .
Germany urgently needs this kind of optimism , because , unfortunately , two universal principles will continue to apply in the future : first , the winter will return , and , second , the ball is round and the next game is always the most difficult .
It will , of course , be important who wins the presidency : a candidate expected to continue Bush 's foreign policy or someone ready for a new beginning .
The Nuremberg Trials and , in parallel , the creation of the United Nations and its Universal Declaration of Human Rights , signaled the growing importance of law in international relations .
Indeed , China appears to suggest that selective modernization is possible -LRB- modernization à la carte , so to speak -RRB- , allowing states to choose to implement only those elements of modernity -- technology , economics , infrastructure , political institutions , and values -- that they like .
To be sure , states are still following traditional interest-oriented policies .
In the twenty-first century , human rights and security will be inextricably intertwined .
Anyone following the press in Israel during the anniversary celebrations and listening closely to what was said in Jerusalem did not have to be a prophet to understand that matters are coming to a head . Consider the following :
· With the approaching end of the Bush presidency and uncertainty about his successor 's policy , the window of opportunity for Israeli action is seen as potentially closing .
While Israeli military intelligence is on record that Iran is expected to cross the red line on the path to nuclear power between 2010 and 2015 at the earliest , the feeling in Israel is that the political window of opportunity is now , during the last months of Bush 's presidency .
Realism about Russia BERLIN -- Russia 's strategy to revise the post-Soviet order in what it calls its `` near abroad '' will be pursued with even more perseverance following its victory over Georgia .
Machinery to China and everywhere in the world ; Porsches , Mercedes , and BMWs to the US -- that was Germany 's winning formula in this period .
Thus , a dramatic decline in the real economy , following the collapse of the financial house of cards , will have serious consequences for Germany and the EU .
The West -- the United States and Europe -- are in relative decline , while the emerging Asian and Latin American powers will be among the winners .
In Europe , the situation is cause for growing concern , because the global economic crisis is relentlessly laying bare the European Union 's flaws and limitations .
The media will then praise their respective governments ' `` courage '' and `` assertiveness , '' and cast the outcome as `` win on points . ''
This will undermine the transatlantic relationship even more , enhance China 's role in the global handling of the crisis , and in all probability ensure that the Chinese emerge as its biggest winner .
With 27 members and no reform of its institutions and procedures , EU processes have become harrowingly inefficient .
Following the changing of the guard after the end of Germany 's red\/green coalition , a fundamental shift in attitude has gradually taken place .
Can it afford a life-threatening crisis of the euro , a common market endangered by growing protectionism , or Russia pushing into the EU 's Eastern neighborhood ?
The conditions for serious negotiations in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , however , are anything but good , owing to a lack of partners on both sides .
Despite a clear win for the center-right , the Christian Democrats -LRB- CDU -RRB- did not escape unscathed .
The clear winners are Guido Westerwelle and his Liberal party , followed by the Left , and the Greens -- all three of which got their highest vote count ever .
The clearest winner is Angela Merkel .
To be sure , the `` black and yellow '' CDU-FDP coalition will make some policy corrections -- slowing the nuclear phase-out , cosmetic changes to the tax system , etc. -- in order not to disappoint parts of their constituency and economic supporters .
But , within two decades -- following the war in Iraq and financial and economic crisis -- the US had squandered that special status .
Europe -- and , within it , Germany -- were among the big winners of November 9 , 1989 .
The real winners of this new world order are the large emerging countries , first and foremost China and India , which increasingly set the pace of global economic and political development .
Global warming is only the tip of the iceberg towards which we are moving , knowingly , with eyes wide open .
By that point , Ukraine 's springtime of freedom had already deteriorated into a very visible development standstill , owing to a mixture of incompetence and corruption that cried out for change .
But what happened in the winter of 2004\/2005 was not only about the Ukrainian people 's democratic right to self-determination and their national independence , but also about the future of the European order as it had emerged from the Cold War 's end .
Moreover , regardless of who wins the presidential runoff , fears about Ukraine 's independence will not , in contrast to 2004\/2005 , be an issue . This too , is a step forward that should not be underestimated .
Following Ireland , Greece is now the second euro-zone member to have gotten into massive payment difficulties due to the crisis , almost to the point of national bankruptcy .
It could do so because its economy , apart from its excessive debt burden following the collapse of an asset bubble , was basically sound .
The fiscal deficit must now be redressed resulted not just from internal financial imbalances , but also from a political system that for too long time has been in denial of reality , allowing the country to live beyond its means .
One sign of hope is that , following the recent Franco-German summit , German Chancellor Angela Merkel for the first time did not publicly oppose the idea of a European economic government .
Instead of providing resolute leadership in the global financial and economic crisis , the European Union 's largest economy is withdrawing into its shell .
As the big economic and political winner of the eurozone , Germany , in particular , can not let a serious crisis of confidence threaten the European project , because nearly two-thirds of its exports go to the EU .
The EU is about to commit a grave strategic error by allowing its report this autumn to be guided by the short-sighted domestic policy considerations of some of its important member states .
Moreover , the mood in the West swings between a realization that this crisis will not be resolved without fundamental commotions and changes , and hope that it will be resolved in the normal , cyclical way of other crises -- Mexico , Asia , the Internet bubble , etc. -- and that in the not-so-distant future things will start to pick up .
But the West -LRB- and Europe in particular -RRB- will finally have to take Turkey seriously as a partner -- and stop viewing it as a Western client state .
Turkey is and should be a member of the G-20 , because , with its young , rapidly growing population it will become a very strong state economically in the twenty-first century .
And this is true in terms not only of security policy , but also of energy policy if you 're looking for alternatives to Europe 's growing reliance on Russian energy supplies .
But China 's rise to global power , I believe , will not , owing to its massive population of 1.2 billion people , which threatens to overstretch the structures of any kind of government system and its decision makers .
Most ominously , the window of opportunity for a two-state solution could close for good , because realities on the ground will no longer allow it .
The overthrow of Tunisia 's Zine El Abidine Ben Ali is the first such spontaneous democratic uprising in the Arabic world , showing that in an age of satellite television and the Internet , suppression of information and free expression by individual governments does n't really work anymore .
The `` Chinese option '' -- economic rights and prosperity in exchange for public quiescence -- is not feasible , owing to these regimes ' ineptness and rampant corruption .
Projects for strategic cooperation in energy -- say , production of solar and wind energy in the Sahara for sale to Europe -- would be especially valuable .
This would create the most important thing that these states and their rapidly growing young populations need to produce stability within the framework of democratic development : grounds for hope of economic and social progress .
If the Europeans continue to look inward , allowing accountants to dominate discussions of Europe 's future , they will miss a historic opportunity -- one that will directly affect Europe 's security .
Following the hand-over from Clinton to Bush , the US gave up its strategy of engaging the North Korean regime to moderate its behavior and thus unnecessarily reduced its own options .
The problems are the same almost everywhere -LRB- with the exception of Israel and Turkey -RRB- : political suppression , economic underdevelopment and grinding poverty -LRB- except in the smaller oil states -RRB- , a lack of education , high unemployment , and huge demographic pressures , owing to a very young and rapidly growing population .
And yet the behavior of the EU and its most important member states has been irresolute and dithering , owing to national egotism and a breathtaking absence of leadership .
From now on , the euro states will determine the EU 's fate more than ever , owing to their common interests .
Drawing on that successful experience , the eurozone should avoid the EU 's original sin of creating a supra-national structure that lacked democratic legitimization .
But today , America is stuck there and knows neither how to win nor how to get out .
Following the launch of the new American policy , the old question of whether politics can learn from history will be answered again in the Middle East .
VIENNA -- Of the world 's almost seven billion people , about one billion are starving , owing to a long list of unfortunate local events and circumstances , together with steadily increasing demand , unpredictable weather patterns , and poor financial management .
As part of an FAO project in Burkina Faso , the EU 's Food Facility has helped to provide high-quality seeds to 100,000 vulnerable farmers , benefiting roughly 700,000 people amid the growing food crisis in the Sahel region .
This huge drop results from successive reforms of the EU 's Common Agricultural Policy , owing to commitments made by the EU to the WTO and to other developments on world markets .
Policy advisers argued that gaining Israel 's trust was necessary to win support for a European role in the peace process .
Such a role would better protect Europe 's broader interests in the Middle East , while allowing it to remain faithful to its values .
Paradoxically , the growing sense that a catastrophe has been averted has given rise to a growing demand for governments to cut public and social spending , and to refrain from proposing investment programs .
Edmund Phelps 's Journey The winner of this year 's Nobel prize for economics , Edmund Phelps , is a giant in the field .
Their actions , their every word or wink , suddenly assumes immense importance .
This explains the growing excitement about issuing `` Eurobonds . ''
Perhaps the German model will win out and we will become duty-bound to revere not a leader or a patria but a set of democratic principles .
Today , drawing the boundaries of anti-Semitism is difficult , because much of the world disapproves of Israel 's military crackdown in the occupied West Bank and Gaza strip .
What about the Stern gang 's blowing up of Jerusalem 's King David Hotel in order to liberate Palestine from the British ?
But suppose we try to define the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , as terrorism by using the following formula : a violent , organized , and public attack by private parties on other civilians , without guilt , regardless of the justice of the cause .
The new Obama administration will have only a few months to develop meaningful proposals that can win domestic support , and will be preoccupied with the aftermath of the current financial debacle and the Iraq war .
In the years following 2000 but before the financial crisis hit , the proportion of SWF equity investments allocated to foreign markets had been increasing , reaching a peak of 90 % during the second quarter of 2008 .
Low returns on SWFs ' earlier investments reduced their existing assets , while low commodity prices and a contraction in international trade reduced the accumulation of foreign currency reserves that usually constitute the bulk of new capital flowing into SWFs .
Last summer , at a meeting outside Aspen , Colorado , several dozen physicists gathered to celebrate what the journal Nature described as the `` growing feeling that their discipline 's mindset will be crucial to reaping the harvest of biology 's post-genomic era . ''
E. B. Wilson , the proverbial giant of cell biology , had the last word , concluding in a brief paper following Rashevsky 's presentation that mathematics may be helpful in studying the growth of populations , but not individuals .
This dramatic swing from under - to overdiagnosis has been fueled by widespread publicity , Internet support and advocacy groups , and the fact that expensive school services are provided only for those who have received the diagnosis .
Then autism took flight on the wings of definitional diffusion , internet contagion , financial incentive , and naïve interpretation of epidemiological results .
Many governments increase spending excessively in booms , and then are forced to cut back in downturns , thereby exacerbating the cyclical swings .
And the G-20 unexpectedly agreed to triple the IMF 's resources and bring its reserve currency , special drawing rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- , back from the dead .
Providing further fiscal stimulus to boost economic growth would carry its own risks , owing to the debt ceiling and another , more ominous factor : America is already overly indebted , and there are signs that major holders of US government securities are finally tired of being repaid in depreciated currency .
But such approaches are anathema to the US Republican Party , and to its Tea Party faction in particular , and they might unnerve the many Asians who are nervous at China 's growing military might .
The EBRD made an important contribution to the economic transition process in Eastern Europe ; there 's a good case for drawing on its experience and expertise to help the southern Mediterranean .
Fully aware of its growing importance in an oil-starved world , Libya will use that advantage to the full and it will no doubt guard , with Gaddafi at the forefront , its sovereign rights vociferously and assiduously .
Nevertheless , drawing Libya deeper into international discourse , despite the possibility of roadblocks along the way , is a strategic decision that , now that it has been taken , the West must pursue with patience , perseverance , and constant nurturing .
Even when all involved tried to rise above pettiness and partiality , selecting winners was always difficult -- and remains so .
Unambiguous , impartial criteria for selecting a winner were not at hand -- and never will be .
The cult of the Prize began even before the first winners were announced .
Even scientists who frowned upon the Swedish committees ' limitations and sometimes odd choices nevertheless still nominated and lobbied for candidates , knowing that if successful , a winner can draw attention and money to a research specialty , institution , or national scientific community .
Reviving Europe 's Universities COPENHAGEN &#45; &#45; Writing at home sometime ago , with Wimbledon on TV in the background , it occurred to me that just as Britain hosts the world 's top tennis tournament but never wins it , so we Europeans are in a similar situation with education .
But just throwing money at universities is n't enough .
We now aspire to becoming the most significant health and life science research center in Europe , owing to a remarkable cluster of knowledge based 5,000 researchers , an excellent medical school , 11 university hospitals , and a thriving biotech business environment that already includes market leaders in diabetes and neuroscience .
It is clear from the last three decades of floating currencies that market-determined exchange rates tend to swing widely and persistently from parity levels that would make comparable goods sell at comparable prices in different countries .
So politicians like Sarkozy may have grounds to argue that central banks should intervene to limit such swings .
Despite wide and persistent swings in actual currency markets , their so-called `` rational expectations models '' predict that exchange rates should not deviate from parity in any lasting way .
Faced with wide swings , central banks are helpless to counteract traders ' irrational zeal to bid a currency further away from historical benchmark levels .
Of course , persistent swings from parity do not last forever .
This should moderate their willingness to do so , thereby limiting the magnitude of the currency swing .
Instead , the '' limit-the-swings '' strategy proposed here implies that , as the exchange rate moves further away from parity , central banks should use their reserves to intervene at unpredictable moments in order to reinforce the effect of their regular announcements of the parity range on traders ' perception of increased risk of capital losses .
Our proposal to reduce - -- but not eliminate -- swings from parity recognizes that price fluctuations may be crucial for markets to ascertain the price of assets that promise an uncertain payoff .
But currency swings , if too wide and protracted , can impede real economic activity , which is why intervention is sometimes necessary .
No one now denies that the past year 's sharp downswings in housing and equity prices , which followed long upswings -- far above historical benchmark levels -- helped to trigger and fuel the crisis .
As these downswings continue , there is a danger that they , too , may become excessive , dragging the financial system and the economy even deeper into crisis .
One reason for this failure is that pillar 1 of the Basel II Agreement , which outlines how banks around the world should assess credit risks and determine the size of capital buffers , makes no explicit allowance for long-swing fluctuations in asset markets .
In effect , the presumption is that capital losses are random , so the sharp reversals and losses that usually ensue after excessive upswings in prices are disregarded in risk calculations .
But such revisions of Basel II are not enough , because bank portfolios -- especially those of international banks with large trading books -- are vulnerable to the risks stemming from long-swing fluctuations in asset markets .
Banks ' defenses need to be fortified during excessive upswings in asset prices so that they are able to weather the inevitable reversals .
The connection between financial risk and asset-price swings emerges from the use of a new approach -- Imperfect Knowledge Economics -LRB- IKE -RRB- -- to understanding risk and fluctuations in asset markets .
But it also recognizes that price swings can become excessive , in the sense that participants may bid asset prices far from levels that are consistent with their long-term values .
History teaches that such swings are not sustainable , and that the more excessive they become , the sharper and more costly are the eventual reversals -- and the graver the consequences for the financial system and the economy .
The lesson of this crisis is that excessive swings need to be dampened with a set of prudential measures .
Unfortunately , contemporary economic theory , with its presumption of perfect price discovery in asset markets , has discouraged economists and policymakers from paying any attention to the role of asset-price swings in managing systemic risk .
Following Alexandre Kojève , the Russian-French philosopher who inspired my original argument , I believe that the European Union more accurately reflects what the world will look like at the end of history than the contemporary United States .
And yet , particularly since the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , that is precisely what has happened , owing to four key mistakes made by the Bush administration .
By contrast , the humanities and the natural sciences share a sense of reality that transcends time and place ; hence their common interest in a fixed `` human nature . '' This is tied to a way of thinking and a sense of knowing that is largely contemplative and sometimes even disempowering , as reality comes to seem to be whatever resists our concerted efforts at change .
Consider the Danish Research Council 's ominously named `` Committee on Scientific Dishonesty , '' which was convened in 2002 following complaints raised against the political scientist Bjørn Lomborg , whose book The Skeptical Environmentalist purported to demonstrate that ecologists systematically biased their interpretation of data to support their political objectives .
Everyday it is consulted by 7 % of all 1.2 billion Internet users , and its rate of usage is growing faster than that of Internet usage as a whole .
In the case of the university , this means allowing access to knowledge to students who lack the intellectual , political , or financial resources that might have enabled them to produce it for themselves .
For most Chinese , Libya is a far-away and out-of-reach country , owing to China 's limited capacity to project power .
China 's booming economy has brought growing interaction between China and the Mekong 's underground economies . The killing of the 13 Chinese boat crewmen was linked to this trend .
Investment in the Russian economy was growing fast .
The country 's so-called `` moderate relax '' monetary policy also played its part by allowing bank lending to expand by almost 34 % in 2009 , with M2 money supply growing by 27 % .
Overheating in the housing market was brought to an end in late September 2007 , nipping a nascent nationwide bubble , and a stock-market bubble was punctured the following month .
Following the disturbances in Tibet and the troubles affecting the Olympic torch 's progress around the world , some voices abroad are showing a greater inclination to dismiss , vilify , humiliate , or even split China .
As wild fish populations continue to decrease , in tandem with an ever-growing global appetite for seafood , the pressure on the aquaculture industry for fish feed will skyrocket .
In targeted therapies , in which drugs interfere with the molecular signaling needed for proliferation and survival , a cell might adapt by activating or following alternative pathways . All these strategies use up energy that would otherwise be available for invasion into non-cancerous tissues or proliferation , and so reduce a cell 's fitness .
So , just as judicious use of pesticides can control invasive species , a therapeutic strategy designed to maintain a stable , tolerable tumor volume could improve a patient 's prospects for survival by allowing sensitive cells to suppress the growth of resistant ones .
But it may be time to temper our quest for magic bullets and recognize the cold reality of Darwin 's evolutionary dynamics . Medicine 's goal of a glorious victory over cancer may need to yield to our recognizing that an uneasy stalemate may be the best that can be achieved .
Moreover , Kosovo 's demographic transformation over the last 100 years , when Albanians overtook the local Serb population , partly reflects an influx of Albanians from Albania -- for decades a political and economic basket case , owing to Enver Hoxha 's hermetic communism .
Not knowing where the enemy is hidden within the civilian population , security forces retaliate indiscriminately .
The continent 's aggregate growth , at 4.5 % , is expected to lag behind the world average of 5 % in 2007 , but only because the largest countries , Mexico and Brazil , are growing more slowly .
Latin America will finish 2007 with a current account surplus and growing foreign-currency reserves , insulating them from financial crisis .
On the one hand , world trade is growing , and so are Latin America 's exports .
Structural deflationary pressures in the developed countries -- such as highly debated increments of productivity in the United States -- help the central banks to maintain price stability , which means that growing exports and high terms of trade have been accompanied by reasonably low interest rates .
Meanwhile , each government , with its own style and political discourse , seeks to associate the state with the benefits of a globalization that , for the past few years , has been showing its generosity .
It seems that the region 's popular left-wing nationalist governments have discovered that fiscal stability and reducing debt constitute the key to political autonomy and economic independence .
Europe should base the multilateralism of its foreign policy on human rights , while working on reforming international law and the UN system to ensure that human rights win out over short-sighted political calculations .
Even in a number of European countries with old democratic traditions , a wave of populist , radical political parties opposed to minorities and immigrants has achieved success , sometimes even winning elections .
By attacking Iraq , the US could win the armed confrontation with Hussein , but probably lose the broader - and more vital - political struggle for the future of the country .
Many voters are following suit , drawn mainly to Enríquez-Ominami .
As things stand now , the right is likely to win the first round , but with less than 50 % .
But a third scenario -- less predictable change following a victory by Enríquez-Ominami -- should not be ruled out , as campaign advertisements will appear in the media only starting November 13 .
In terms of Chile 's major policies , however , continuity is almost certain to prevail , even if Enríquez-Ominami wins .
In either of the most probable scenarios , continuity or prudent change , or even if the `` outsider '' candidate wins , Chile will in all likelihood remain a beacon of democratic stability , economic dynamism , and international engagement in a region too often characterized by political and economic turbulence .
But the manner in which they are growing is dramatically different .
It is among the fastest growing regions in the world , but it is also home to the largest concentration of people living in debilitating poverty , conflict , and human misery .
Policymakers should recast agriculture in the new environment of globalization , supply chains , and growing domestic demand .
The increase in child labor reflects families ' dire economic situation : children are frequently a family 's only breadwinners , and they work cheap .
Indeed , Iraqi children are exposed to beating without regard for their age and for myriad reasons , thus growing up insecure , hostile , and violent .
Older children sit in classrooms with much younger children , growing frustrated and violent , rather than becoming role models for others to emulate .
When a family 's income is insufficient to pay school fees for every child , girls are typically denied an education , owing to the traditional belief that marriage is a girl 's final destiny .
There was also mayhem following the Indian Ocean tsunami .
Or reporting about aid programs may be skewed to keep donor funds flowing .
The profound values of Russian culture are being systematically destroyed , stripping life of its meaning and joy , and sowing an enmity of each against all .
The combination of the estimated increase in the world 's population by two billion people , lower transport costs , better connectivity , and growing transnational social and economic networks could and should lead to increased movement of people .
Ratification of the agreement has been delayed by the stalemate among Cambodia 's bickering political parties following last year 's elections .
In order to compensate for its growing inferiority complex , Russia has cobbled together the Collective Security Treaty Organization -LRB- CSTO -RRB- , which , by its title and constitutional principles , is a parody of NATO .
Worse , whenever Moscow persists in its demands , Lukashenko abrogates agreements without a twinge of conscience .
His efforts to undermine regional stability range from an assassination attempt against Guinean President Lansana Conte earlier this year , to which he has been linked , to using his fortune to influence Liberia 's elections , setting the stage for his allies to win .
Given the country 's considerable efforts to mediate and quell regional conflicts , providing a haven for shielding West Africa 's chief destabilizer runs counter to its national interest , and popular opposition to shielding him is growing in Nigeria .
But this time , the markets were calm , mostly because economists believe that Chile 's GDP will continue growing in 2006 at a brisk 6.3 % annual rate .
But , in yet another sign of Chile 's transformation , the right-wing candidate that Bachelet defeated , Sebastián Piñera , is a liberal entrepreneur who has never hidden his rejection of Pinochet and his dictatorship .
Piñera 's great challenge will be to use his 46.6 % of the vote in January to strengthen his leadership and his effort to build a new right-wing coalition with unimpeachable democratic credentials , thereby enabling it one day to defeat the ruling `` Concertación '' coalition that Bachelet leads .
What China really needs is a truly independent monetary policy oriented to domestic objectives . This would enable the PBC to manage domestic demand by allowing interest rates to rise in order to rein in credit growth and deter reckless investment .
Following this , they will identify which problems might be solved if this new science is developed .
Breaking the Windows Barrier Kyoto -- As 2009 commences , Microsoft is previewing its next-generation operating system , Windows 7 , which is remarkable only in that it is almost the same as every previous version .
This page-window format is known as Window-Icon-Mouse-Pointer , or WIMP , which , due to monopoly forces , has been the universal paradigm since the 1980 's -- ancient history in computer years .
The immediate political response to the Japanese disaster will be to make small re-adjustments among known energy sources , including wind and solar .
Production of the materials used to capture and store solar electricity , for example , can cause just as much environmental damage as conventional fuels , and existing wind and solar technology can not easily meet the needs of large populations .
But AIDS jumped from monkeys and several types of flu jumped from swine .
It is important to know how much deprivation in a country would swing public opinion .
We would see the result of this in indirect effects , such as growing rates of asthma and hyperactivity in children .
Climate change is complex and closely entwined with a host of other challenges , but a similar breakthrough in our values and priorities is needed .
But something else happened : society became more demanding , recognizing its own interests and knowing how to express them .
If the anti-democratic tendencies win out , all that we have accomplished in previous years will be jeopardized -- including stability itself .
Since 2000 , America 's excess productive capacity has outstripped the Euro area and Japan combined , its economy growing far more slowly than its 3.5 % to 4 % annual potential , with US unemployment rising .
Sadly , America is not alone in viewing devaluation as a panacea for domestic problems .
But the Union 's finance ministers would be better off pushing the internal reforms Europe needs , rather than following the Bush example and pressing the European Central Bank to force a strong currency down to earth .
What makes US strategy reckless is that the Bush administration is attacking China at the very moment that America 's dependence on Chinese purchases of US government bonds is growing .
In recent years , slowing the pace of real exchange-rate appreciation to shelter domestic producers and employment from import competition seems to have gained clear precedence over disinflation .
Rather than using the oil windfall to pay for long-overdue reforms in health care , education , and utilities -- and thus helping to ensure the macroeconomic stability needed to sustain rapid long-term growth -- President Vladimir Putin has chosen large spending increases for public wages and pensions .
Moreover , France will enjoy large gains from exports to the fast-growing emerging world , since it produces more competitive high value-added goods than , for example , southern European countries , whose exports are closer to those of the leading emerging countries .
The debt burden of the countries affected in this way will inevitably increase as the cost of borrowing rises .
Jospin 's program failed to diminish these twin ills primarily because French society is divided between a large public sector and a dynamic private sector , much of which is increasingly being driven outside the country because of high taxation and endless bureaucracy .
That in itself will result in overall GDP growth falling below potential , owing to the inferior productivity and greater corruption in the major companies that the state controls or heavily influences .
Putin 's geopolitical preoccupations could be accommodated by sensibly preserving state ownership of pipeline infrastructure in the hydrocarbons sector , while allowing private companies to extract , process , and sell Russia 's oil and gas .
Japan 's de facto one-party state is more democratic than authoritarian , owing not only to its law-based framework , but also to its culture of accountability .
Putin 's recent public statements point to such a vision : a dominant center-right ruling party , with a -LRB- non-communist -RRB- social democratic alternative waiting in the wings to maintain stable government should the main party falter .
His challenge will be to resist the temptation to seek short-term popularity , recognizing instead that China 's stock market must endure short-term pain to win long-term gains .
Indeed , private consumption in China has been growing in real terms at an annual rate of around 10 % for the last seven years .
Consumer credit began in China only in the late 1990 's , with regulations allowing banks to offer mortgage loans , which now amount to about 10 % of total loans .
However , outstanding credit on cards is growing , more than quadrupling year on year in 2004 , to 0.18 % of GDP , according to the consulting firm McKinsey .
There is also a dark cloud over the mortgage market following a judgment by the Supreme People 's Court in 2003 that banned the repossession of homes that are a primary residence .
A gene for social skills , we are told , has now entered the fast growing Pantheon of genes `` for '' various human behaviors and dispositions -- taking its place alongside genes for risk-taking , happiness , aggression , and sexual orientation , among others .
Whether describing genes for the color of flowers in pea plants or the shape of the fruit fly 's wings , geneticists at the beginning of the last century believed that each gene governed one unique characteristic .
This is as true for genetically identical bacteria growing in a uniform environment as it is for a person living in Paris , Tokyo , Moscow or Buenos Aires .
Racy reports in China 's press sparked another round of righteous fury , drawing on the trope of China as a raped woman , an image long suppressed under Mao .
The following month , at a party thrown by Northwestern University in Xian , three Japanese students and one of their Japanese teachers performed a skit , during which they pranced around the stage with red bras over their t-shirts .
The growing importance of trade integration and regional trade flows makes the provision of regional infrastructure urgent .
Doubling aid , changing the terms on which it is given , strengthening the private sector , and speeding up reform in poor countries is the only effective way to win the peace in so much of the world .
Over time , it became apparent that the US would not live up to its commitment , owing , as now , to opposition in the Senate .
But rising CO2 emissions constitute what is really happening on the ground : a rapidly growing industrial base in emerging markets is being hard-wired to intensive use of coal .
Moreover , with the introduction of the euro , Germany had the advantage of pegging its currency to Southern Europe , which was experiencing a housing boom even more extreme than in the US , thus providing German exporters with growing markets and little competition .
By contrast , the US dollar is tied to the renminbi , whose issuer -- China -- has the world 's largest and fastest-growing export sector .
The German authorities feared that the country 's export-oriented economy would suffer from the wide exchange-rate swings that are the norm for global reserve currencies .
And Spain clearly has to grapple with its own Irish problem , namely a huge housing over-hang -- and probably large losses in the banking sector -- following the collapse of an outsized real-estate bubble . The problems of Portugal and Spain might be less severe than those of Greece and Ireland , but this apparently is not enough to induce investors to buy their government debt .
The yields and volatility of longer-term bonds should then fall relative to short-term securities , allowing peripheral governments to finance themselves reliably and at reasonable cost .
This requisite independence of the IMF staff can be achieved by stipulating that the Board oversees only the work of the Fund 's analytical functions and , more importantly , that its composition and decision-making mode are overhauled in the following ways :
On the contrary , most surveys and hard economic indicators point to a strong upswing , with the one country that is in really serious trouble , Greece , representing only 3 % of the area 's GDP .
Viewing immigrants and internal market integration with alarm , both groups thus have increasingly turned against Europe .
This approach has been successfully implemented in Australia , New Zealand , and Switzerland ; Germany and Great Britain are following suit .
If Cristina wants to improve institutional quality and the problems that the economy is already showing , she will need more than strength . Above all , she will need fresh sources of ideas .
His backing was a decisive influence in the election of Bolivia 's President Evo Morales in 2006 , and the following year he supported Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua and Rafael Correa in Ecuador , though his impact on their victories is hotly debated .
Humala comes to power in a regional environment of moderation and growing economic integration , which he would disturb at his peril .
Polarization may have proved functional to winning an election , but Humala will have to broaden his support in order to forge the consensus he needs in order to govern .
But that tailwind may have been squandered , because the Kirchners have yet to make the structural changes -- in industry , in the country 's energy policy , in education , and elsewhere -- needed to free Argentina from extreme dependence on commodity prices .
Sarkozy has said that he wants to focus the French EU presidency on promoting measures to deal with climate change , reviewing European migration policy , and re-energizing the ESDP , in line with France 's decision to return to NATO .
With careful management , Turkey may find itself drawing closer to Europe , while rebuilding its relationship with America .
In the days following the attacks in Istanbul , Turks across the board condemned this brutal violence : there was no -LRB- or only negligible -RRB- blame-the-victim sentiment toward Turkish Jews -LRB- or toward Israel -RRB- or toward the British and Americans , whose war in Iraq is extremely unpopular in Turkey .
When the Muslim world was thrown into confusion and disarray after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the democratic wing of the Islamist movement was working on a platform of legislative reforms it would propose for EU accession .
In fact , the current AK Party government is the best placed to win the war against al-Qaeda in Turkey .
In the meantime , several regional monetary unions are on the drawing board , in addition to the two monetary unions that already exist , one de jure and the other de facto .
The federal government 's budget deficits were financed through foreign and domestic borrowing , and by printing money , which led to inflation and depreciation of the new currency .
But if the case for expanding world trade is compelling , the prospects for actually doing so are clouded , owing to a simple but nonetheless fundamental political reality : those who gain from trade , which is almost everyone , are not always aware of it .
For China , this means respecting and enforcing intellectual property rights , allowing non-Chinese firms to compete on an equal basis , and setting its currency at a fair level rather than one that is artificially low .
Male life expectancy is now less than 60 years , owing to alcoholism , crime , drugs , disease , and a dreadful public health system .
Individuals growing up in mature democracies such as the United Kingdom can still become alienated and radicalized .
The US has a particular need for effective international cooperation now , when it is stretched militarily , economically , and politically owing to its policies toward Iraq and Afghanistan .
The 1990 's may have been a lost decade , but Japan 's economy has begun to recover , now growing at more than 2 % a year and boasting several firms that are truly global and hugely successful .
Foreign policy has also become less salient than it was only months ago as the chance of war between the US and Iran has diminished , following the recently published National Intelligence Estimate on Iran 's nuclear program .
Finally , and perhaps most importantly , the deterioration of America 's economy is now overshadowing foreign policy .
There is growing opposition to illegal entry , but no consensus about what to do about those who have been in the country illegally for years or those who want to come to the US in the future .
Likewise , Iraq could return to center stage if the positive momentum of recent months were suddenly reversed , perhaps following a new outbreak of violence between the country 's Sunnis and Shia .
Civil society is growing ; there are now more than 300,000 NGOs . Official statistics show that more than 85,000 public protests occurred in 2005 -LRB- and probably more each year since -RRB- over issues such as corruption , public health , the environment , and land use .
This argues not simply for keeping nationalism in check , but for allowing greater political and religious freedom so that there are alternative sources of legitimacy and allegiance in Chinese society beyond that of economic advancement .
No matter who wins this November , it is clear that Iraq will not dominate US foreign policy in the years ahead to anything near the degree that it has in recent years .
Now others will find that the alternative to America going it alone or withdrawing from the global scene is real multilateralism , which requires their willingness and ability to commit resources to deal with pressing challenges .
The United States , for one , will not accept ceilings that reduce its greenhouse-gas emissions significantly if it means accepting higher costs and taxes that risk slowing economic recovery .
Nuclear power is another area requiring attention . So , too , are renewable forms of power , such as solar and wind .
The two principal schools of thought were `` roll back '' and `` containment . '' The former argued that nothing less than overthrowing communism -- `` regime-change '' in today 's parlance -- would do .
Moreover , contemporary problems -- for example , thwarting the spread of materials and weapons of mass destruction , maintaining an open world economy , slowing climate change , and combating terrorism -- can not be managed , much less solved , by any single country .
The question is what China , India , Brazil , and others are prepared to do with their growing strength .
Pressure was already growing to introduce trade sanctions in response to China 's refusal to allow its currency to rise to a natural level against the dollar .
To be sure , there have been a number of relatively fair elections , political life is active , and the economy is growing .
But Iraqi leaders ' difficulty in forming a government following last spring 's elections bodes poorly .
Recruitment and retention of highly skilled individuals in the US armed forces will increase as the level of effort in the two conflicts winds down , and a great deal of deferred military modernization will occur .
In the long run , the US needs to generate domestic and international support for regional and global arrangements designed to manage the defining problems of this era , from the spread of nuclear materials and terrorism to maintaining an open world economy and slowing climate change .
The challenges of a fast-growing population , inadequate education , insufficient jobs , corruption , bureaucracy , and rising global competition constitute the greatest threat to the country 's future .
NEW YORK -- It was a decade ago that 19 terrorists took control of four planes , flew two into the twin towers of the World Trade Center , hit the Pentagon with a third , and crashed the fourth in a field in Pennsylvania after passengers resisted and made it impossible for the terrorists to complete their malevolent mission .
There is also a growing danger of homegrown terrorism .
With its large populations and fast-growing economies , it is difficult to exaggerate the region 's economic importance .
Moreover , US policy must create an environment in which a rising China is never tempted to use its growing power coercively -- within or outside the region .
Conservatives , by contrast , are unyielding on this point , believing that there is but one path to God , and that salvation comes only through following Islamic teachings .
Unfortunately , Iraq has become a breeding ground for radical Islam , owing to the brutality that the Iraqi people suffered under Saddam and now at the hands of the occupation forces .
Franz Müntefering 's resignation as chairman of Germany 's Social Democrats in the face of a challenge from his party 's leftwing has , like the divisive French referendum on the European Constitution this past May , exposed deep ideological cleavages -- divisions not only about Europe , but about the very foundations of society and the economy .
With preparations for the party 's November congress in full swing , a conflict that goes back to the party 's founding is reappearing . On one side is a social-democratic vision , which basically favors the market economy but seeks to alleviate its harsher effects ; on the other side stands a radical vision that extols a revolutionary `` break with capitalism . ''
With the evident failure of both leftist and rightist governments to stem the rising wave of unemployment , a growing part of the French and German electorates no longer seems to believe in traditional solutions .
Instead of throwing up our hands in despair , we should adhere to a distinction dear to the great German sociologist Max Weber , for now is a time when the ethics of responsibility must prevail over the ethics of conviction .
Bayrou criticizes the `` nationalist obsession '' of his competitors , but he supports abrogating the jus soli -LRB- the right to obtain French nationality by birth -RRB- for people from the French island of Mayotte , owing to massive inflows of pregnant women to the island .
The major concern , however , is evidence of a growing volume of non-performing loans .
If so , China would have to expand its foreign exchange reserves by another $ 300-400 billion , which would allow it to finance the large expansion in the US fiscal deficit . Recent slight declines in the value of the renminbi suggest that China 's exchange rate policy may be changing following its 20 % appreciation of the currency since July 2005 .
China must now take further action to bolster consumer spending , which slumped to only 36 % of GDP in 2007 , from over 50 % during the 1980 's , owing to the economy 's heavy dependence on exports and capital spending since the late 1990 's .
Thus , there is a growing convergence between Chinese and G-7 economic policy , born of the need to compensate for massive failures in US financial regulation and monetary policy .
It will thus reduce state expenditure on enforcing a widely violated law ; remove marijuana growing and selling from the black market ; enable any adult who wishes to use marijuana to do so ; and introduce a tax on legal marijuana sales that will fill state coffers with revenue that formerly went to illegal growers -LRB- so long as there is no large-scale tax evasion -RRB- .
Being too innovative , too competitive , too flexible , growing too much , and exporting too much might become `` a problem '' in this perverted logic of harmonization .
Al-Baradei was even more accommodating . Relying solely on radiation detection equipment at various sites and some environmental samples -- but without interviewing a single scientist in private , he declared that there was no evidence that Iraq had reconstituted its nuclear weapons program .
Despite all the stakeholders -- Pakistan 's army and government , as well as Western countries -- knowing the scale of recent army action in Swat and Buner , millions of innocent people were left to fend for themselves as bombs rained down on them from the sky .
A final parallel is that the winning campaigns in all three votes were catalyzed by populist appeals against an entrenched elite and , less explicitly but unmistakably , against foreign intrusion or influence .
Consider the following three scenarios .
A railroad worker is standing next to a switch that can turn the boxcar onto a side track , killing one person , but allowing the five to survive .
It adopted a sophisticated public-debt management strategy that lengthened the maturity of its liabilities and put in place the toughest banking standards in the developing world , allowing first-rate foreign banks to dominate its financial sector .
In Argentina 's case , high interest rates made it difficult for the government to service its debt by stifling economic growth and depressing tax revenues while inflating borrowing costs to prohibitive levels .
Let us go farther : Who allows young people to bathe from morning till night in blood flowing on television and movie screens , and yet are sanctimonious and astonished about the aggressiveness of the young ?
The term `` West '' thus became , both unwittingly and knowingly , a synonym for advancement , culture , freedom and decency ; `` East , '' on the other hand , was reduced to a synonym for underdevelopment , authoritarianism and omnipresent nonsense .
Some politicians and pundits maintain that Communism merely collapsed under its own weight - again , owing to `` objective laws '' of history .
The following day it could allow its decisions on Chechnya to be dictated by Russian President Vladimir Putin 's advisers .
PRAGUE -- The death of Eduard Chuvashov , a judge killed in cold blood on April 12 in Moscow , is another in a long and growing list of murders perpetrated on those in Russia who try to seek justice for the victims of crimes -- an essential task for the future development of the Russian society .
These were often cases related to the war and ongoing violence in Chechnya or the growing neo-Nazi terror found on the streets of Moscow , Saint Petersburg , and other Russian cities .
Among the most worrying factors underlying Ukraine 's anti-democratic turn are the following :
Ominously , the south is being taken over by hardcore Islamists , some allied with Al Qaeda . Throwing money around wo n't work in Yemen , which is too large and complex to be pacified .
The discovery could also work to prevent hereditary breast cancer cells from growing into tumors .
We have shown that PARP inhibitors are effective at killing BRCA2-defective breast cancer cells , and that the tumors they cause can fully regress and disappear following treatment with a PARP inhibitor .
The Right to Equality , Then and Now LONDON -- Following weeks of financial and economic turmoil , public debate has finally turned to the horrific potential human ramifications of the collapse of the global financial system .
Once a German Chancellor becomes unpopular regardless of why these party organizations no longer view him as a vote-winner , and the parliamentary majoritys barons will balk at implementing painful reforms , no matter how necessary and beneficial .
Federalism forms a final barrier to change , by allowing opposition parties to alter , dilute , and reject bills that are detrimental to their clientele .
DENVER -- Meet any Korean of a certain age , and you will learn about barley season , which begins in February and stretches through the cold months of early spring until the first of the winter barley crop is harvested .
According to non-government groups and other humanitarian workers , many North Korean children are showing signs of mental impairment as the lack of essential vitamins takes its toll .
But it is also advice that is free of responsibility , and , as Stanley Baldwin once said , power without responsibility is the prerogative of the harlot .
We are pursuing three intertwined ideas .
That view was embraced by the Obama administration , leading to some embarrassment this summer for new Energy Secretary Steven Chu , a Nobel Prize-winning physicist .
They left their twin Mercedes and , in fading light , started toward us .
To reduce the destabilizing consequences of even such limited operations , a massive effort to help the predictable flood of refugees survive the winter should be cranked up now , rather than waiting until a crisis is upon us .
· First , American troops should be relocated from the vicinity of Mecca and Medina , not bowing to pressure but to occupy Iraq , thereby removing a source of anti-American rage , while allowing the United States to continue stabilizing the region militarily .
They then proceeded , following a script , to switch props and roles , the first nurse reading from the file , `` Alexa Holmes , Type A blood , '' and the second reading from the bag , `` Type A blood . ''
Think of the 15 million Chinese displaced following the Sichuan earthquake , the more than two million Iraqis uprooted within their country 's borders by sectarian and other violence , the 2.4 million displaced in Darfur , or the hundreds of thousands who have fled Mogadishu in the last year .
So here 's the bottom line : conflicts will continue and natural disasters are growing in frequency and intensity .
And , if China comes out of the crisis as the big winner and continues to boost its power , zero-sum thinking will soon replace win-win cooperation .
In the long run , the growing expectation gap would aggravate the inevitable setbacks , and political leaders who championed closer relations could even be replaced by hard-liners .
Even if Rocca is right , the anger flowing in Pakistan 's streets will drastically weaken moderate opinion while further radicalizing Islamic groups .
For Pakistan 's small and embattled liberal and left-wing forces , he is yet another military dictator who seized and holds power by force , undermining the development of democracy .
They were soon marginalized , drawing praise from Washington .
But nukes , a belief in deterrence , and the growing realization that Kashmir is a lost cause , have freed the army from the hard life of the trenches .
The US and Europe will make their usual demands to close down the country 's hate-spewing madrassas , and to reform a public-school system that , unhindered by the government , churns out young militants burning to kill and die for Islam .
But how worried should the Pakistani authorities really be in the face of growing US pressure to root out Islamic militants ?
This is clear in Islamabad , where over the past two months , Kalashnikov-toting students have openly challenged the state , following a government order for the demolition of dozens of illegally built mosques and seminaries .
The Lal Masjid head cleric , a former student of my university in Islamabad , added the following chilling message for our women students :
They will have to hide themselves in hijab , otherwise they will be punished according to Islam ... Our female students have not issued the threat of throwing acid on the uncovered faces of women .
In the evenings , they roam in packs through the city 's streets and bazaars , gaping at store windows and lustfully ogling bare-faced women .
Species extinctions are occurring at a rate far greater than the natural cycle , owing largely to habitat destruction caused by human activities such as deforestation and land clearance .
Speculation about America 's motives , with press commentators highlighting the role of the Christian right-wing in formulating American policy , is increasing .
Interestingly , such retrospective support for Saddam and his dictatorial regime is now being met with growing indignation in the Arab World , because ordinary Arabs are only now learning of the crimes perpetrated by the Ba'ath Party regime .
The remnants of Saddam 's army were not pursued within Iraq , allowing him to crush the popular insurrection staged in the south , and remain in power .
The winds of change will blow once again through the Middle East , which remains threatened by both religious fundamentalism and foreign pressure .
The current crisis is already unwinding some of the imbalances that drive both countries ' energy and environment challenges .
There is discord on defense , with growing irritation in the US over what it views as the pretentious posturing of the so-called European Defense Initiative .
Allowing countries to pursue their own policies in these areas encourages competitiveness .
Nonetheless , there is a creeping perception that the OSCE is becoming too deeply engaged in picking winners and losers in Albanian politics - a perception underpinned by wider questions of sovereignty .
Libya has become a Mecca for European leaders trying to win multi-billion dollar oil and investment deals .
After a confrontation between the two , the wealthy wife drove her BMW into the growing crowd of spectators on the roadside , killing the peasant woman and injuring 12 others .
That same month , a lottery scandal threw the BMW brand into the limelight once again . Lottery officials in Shaanxi province rejected a winning ticket , calling it a fake and denying its bearer , a 17-year-old security guard named Liu Liang , the grand prize of a $ 58,000 BMW and 120,000 yuan -LRB- $ 14,510 -RRB- in cash .
When a stubborn teenager went up against the mighty lottery authority with its army of auditors and inspectors and initial alibis , this individual , not the system , was the clear winner of the public 's admiration .
Despite this news blackout , China 's blogosphere and microblogs exploded after Liu was announced as the winner .
Twitter.com was officially blocked last year , following the 20th anniversary of the Tiananmen crackdown and the riots in Xinjiang that summer .
Poppy production is soaring , experiments with alternative crops are lagging , and there are not enough forces to provide security for farmers willing to try growing something different .
NATO is in Afghanistan largely owing to shared concerns about terrorism .
To begin with , members of the small but steadily growing Saudi middle class have increasingly expressed their discontent publicly .
Instead , political reform ought to include them -- under the following conditions :
Knowing this , the Americans have tried over the first six weeks of the war to hold them back , bombing Taliban positions just enough so that they break apart , but not so hard that the Northern Alliance breaks through .
It funded Jonas Savimbi in Angola when it looked like he would be helpful in overthrowing the Marxist regime in the capital , Luanda .
A principal agent can win a war with proxies .
With brutal crackdowns in Syria , a bloody civil war in Libya , and Yemen teetering on the brink of chaos , the number of skeptics is growing .
Variant CJD was first described in 1996 , following intensive surveillance activities undertaken by the UK National CJD Surveillance Unit -LRB- NCJDSU -RRB- in Edinburgh .
To see why , recall that the immediate trigger for rising interest-rate spreads was financial markets ' growing concerns about the solidity of some euro-zone countries , owing to dramatic deterioration in their current and expected fiscal positions .
Regardless of who wins the elections , there will be temptations to tinker with the constitutional text .
After the de-Baathification order was issued -LRB- by a commission that does not actually have any sitting members -RRB- a panel of the Iraqi Court of Appeal essentially invalidated it . The prime minister then met with Iraq 's chief justice , following which the court 's decision was reversed .
In this , Obama is following the example of President George W. Bush , who let the US electoral agenda , rather than American -- not to mention Iraqi -- national interests , dictate Iraq policy .
Moreover , a common monetary policy combined with independent fiscal policy is bound to fail : the former increases unemployment in weaker economies because the interest rate reflects average eurozone indicators -LRB- with large weights on Germany and France -RRB- , but keeps borrowing costs low enough that weak economies ' governments can finance fiscal profligacy .
For Chinese officials who believe that yen appreciation was the source of Japan 's chronic economic malaise , the Plaza Accord of September 1985 -- a concerted effort by the US , the United Kingdom , France , West Germany , and Japan to depreciate the dollar -- is Exhibit A. The yen soared from ¥ 240 : $ 1 in September 1985 to ¥ 200 : $ 1 the following December .
Allowing the renminbi to appreciate would be a good way to prevent both .
He claimed that the `` Winds of war are blowing , '' and that the announcement of the military agreement `` can transform itself into a tragedy . ''
For Chávez is showing that the old cry of `` Yankee go home '' still resonates .
But the Court ruled that , absent a showing of actual racial bias in the minds of testers and administrators -- virtually impossible to prove -- the pervasive reality of racial disadvantage was not unlawful .
The Pillars of Darwinism
The Pillars of Darwinism This month marks the 150th anniversary of the publication of Charles Darwin 's On the Origin of Species .
Darwin believed that present-day organisms are descendants of much simpler ancestors : they are the products of unbroken lines of heredity that stretch back to the origin of life .
Darwin , however , did not invent the idea of descent with modification .
It is Darwin 's second powerful idea -- the idea that even the most complicated features of organisms are the outcome of natural selection -- that has been the key to his theory 's long-term success .
Natural selection has provided scientific explanations of traits as diverse as the mammalian eye , the bird 's wing , and the ability of plants to transform light into sugars .
Many generations of selection in a particular direction -- say , for moving efficiently through the air -- can give rise to complicated structures like wings and the coordinated processes of flying .
To flesh out Darwinism , we obviously have to understand the three processes that are at its core . We need to know how organisms develop and reproduce , what is inherited and how it is inherited , and how heritable variations are generated .
In a sense , we have to go back to Darwin 's original , pluralistic convictions .
Darwin , unlike many of his more dogmatic followers , saw a role for induced variation in evolution .
Today , in the light of the newly discovered epigenetic mechanisms , Darwinian evolution should include descent with epigenetic as well as genetic modifications , and natural selection of induced as well as random variations .
In the face of globalization 's growing challenges , the only force strong enough to harness the Maghreb 's enormous economic potential is shared political will .
Zhao 's allies are not out to `` humiliate China . '' Rather , like those around the world who believe China deserves credit for its impressive achievements -- indeed , like Liu Xiaobo himself -- they want their country to develop governing institutions befitting its growing economic stature .
On the left , the growing working class sought to use political power to change economic relations - to advance more progressive tax policies , or to stop the use of tariffs to protect the old order .
Poles had worked in some agricultural jobs -- in sugar beet and wine harvesting -- even during the communist era .
The consensual society that was at the center of the Federal Republic 's Wirtschaftswunder now looks inflexible , throwing up obstacles to change .
These include not only the rapidly growing formerly communist countries to the east , Poland and the Czech Republic , but also Denmark , the Netherlands , Austria , and Switzerland , upon which Germans traditionally looked down .
The same sort of logic applies to the large states : France and Germany are losing skilled labor at the same time as they are drawing in cheaper labor from Eastern Europe .
The experience made Poles particularly jittery , and pushed the country 's populist right-wing government down the road of economic nationalism .
These two scenarios of the origins of economic nationalism , one irrational and the other not , are not real alternatives , but describe responses that intertwine : the more rational the fear , the more that fear can be used as an instrument of politics .
The 1907 panic started in the United States , owing to a rise in interest rates as farmers in the West were paid for their crops and financial scandals in New York that seemed to implicate a large financial institution , the Knickerbocker trust .
Nor , following the fastest five-year period of economic growth in human history , are collapsing prices endangering the financial system , as they did during the Great Depression .
Hank Paulson , who came to America 's Treasury from the strongest US investment bank , Goldman Sachs , made the purgation gamble in allowing Lehman Brothers to go under . He argued that the US could not tolerate a bailout culture .
The 1840 's witnessed the last big famine in traditional rural Europe , owing to crop failures across most of the continent .
Many European countries can not afford a stimulus package , owing to overstretched public finances , and instead want to make progress on the international regulation of banking .
In the US , the commitment to fiscal rectitude followed President Clinton 's early realization that balanced budgets would stabilize financial markets , reduce borrowing costs , and thus generate higher growth .
But more red ink is likely , owing to the current administration 's irresponsible commitment to tax reduction , and , unlike Clinton , or , indeed , the first President Bush , George W. Bush does not intend to break his campaign promises .
In practice , it is only banks that have access to cheap borrowing , so they can reconstitute their balance sheets by borrowing cheaply and lending expensively .
The interwar Depression led to the disintegration of liberal economic and political values . In Germany in 2009 not only was there was no swing to political extremism of the right : there was no sign of any support for a radical right . In the elections for regional parliaments , the small radical right parties -LRB- which have never been a feature of national politics -RRB- simply disappeared .
But the banks that were most affected were elsewhere , and the long-term winners will be a few American banks -- including some of the most notoriously weak banks -- which will get bigger as a result of the crisis .
The next 20 years will see a different globalization , in which the winners are large , powerful countries that mobilize government resources in the interest of creating winners in the race for financial supremacy .
The Americans accused the Europeans and especially the Japanese of growing too slowly , while the Europeans and the Japanese argued that the US was exporting inflation to the rest of the world and abusing the international monetary system in order to sustain its military adventurism -LRB- at that time in Vietnam -RRB- .
High inflation in the US highlighted the exchange-rate problem by showing the instability of the dollar standard .
He called a premature election in February , in which there was no clear winner . Heath was deeply unpopular .
There is again a major economic problem , the end of a credit-driven boom , and a threat to the banks -LRB- except that it all looks much bigger , owing to the financial system 's massive growth and internationalization -RRB- .
The magic of markets made possible an individualization of borrowing and consumption .
Only central banks -- typically lenders of last resort -- lean against the hurricane-strength winds .
But major new injections of capital into the banking system are unlikely , owing to lingering fear from the recent financial past .
Banks responded with ingenious ways of repackaging and selling that debt , but the fundamental problem lay in the channeling of financial flows in an unproductive direction , owing to public pressure .
When the Hoover administration did swing to fiscal tightening , it was responding to pressures from the capital and foreign-exchange markets , which in turn were responding to the crises in Latin America and Central Europe , where public finances had been a major part of the problem .
In 1970 , the radical left-wing Italian underground periodical Sinistra Proletaria carried an article entitled `` The Process of Globalization of Capitalist Society , '' which was a description of IBM , an `` organization which presents itself as a totality and controls all its activities towards the goal of profit and ` globalizes ' all activity in the productive process . ''
This obscure left-wing publication is the first known reference to globalization in its contemporary sense .
But in the 2000 's , the meaning of globalization shifted and began to take on a semi-positive note , in large part because it increasingly looked as if the major winners of globalization included many rapidly growing emerging markets .
By 2011 , anti-globalization rhetoric had largely faded , and globalization is thought of as not something to be neither fought nor cheered , but as a fundamental characteristic of the human story , in which disparate geographies and diverse themes are inextricably intertwined .
They reclassify foreign borrowing as domestic debt in order to look better in the International Monetary Fund 's statistics .
Until 2007 , many people financed consumer purchases , whose prices were more or less stable , by borrowing against their houses , which were rapidly rising in value .
Now , by contrast , food and gasoline prices are rising , owing to emerging markets ' ongoing boom , while house prices continue to plummet .
The initial approach was to link policy improvements in the borrowing countries not only with help from international institutions , but also with additional lending from the banks -- which seemed to defy the most elementary canons of sensible bank behavior .
A truly competitive European banking system would provide incentives for the larger and stronger banks to take more risks in the hope of growing even larger and stronger .
The IMF 's influence dwindled , and he resigned in 2007 `` for personal reasons . ''
There is talk of currency wars , national management and regulation of banking , and growing demand for greater levels of trade protection .
Part of those neighbors ' problem was that domestic borrowing costs looked so high that many small borrowers , including many house buyers , turned to low-interest Swiss-franc loans and were then hit by the franc 's massive appreciation .
Ancien régime France developed a similar pattern , borrowing in Amsterdam or Geneva in order to fight wars against Spain in the sixteenth and seventeen centuries , and against Britain in the eighteenth .
Part of the promise of the new push to European integration in the 1980 's was that it would make borrowing easier .
Borrowing countries such as Argentina or the Ottoman Empire regularly defaulted .
The defaults of that time were not confined to one country , but swept across the globe in a contagious panic that destroyed financial systems in lending as well as borrowing countries .
Reserves are also clearly important for countries that produce only a few goods -- especially commodity producers -- and thus face big and unpredictable swings in world market prices .
Germany certainly became assertive , owing mostly to the social pressures and tensions incited by rapid economic growth .
But there is some good news : HIV infection rates are slowing in large parts of Asia and Latin America , which appears to reflect a -LRB- very uneven -RRB- increase in prevention programs .
But Russia , owing to a rise in its national income , no longer is eligible for HIV\/AIDS Global Fund grants .
Crushed by the bands and wheels of military vehicles , explosions of bombs and mines , and digging of trenches and walls , the desert 's crust is broken and the fine sand particles beneath it are exposed to the wind .
Following international agreements such as the Montreal Protocol on the Protection of the Ozone Layer , global emissions of ozone-depleting substances have otherwise been substantially reduced .
During the Cold War , the environmental effects of an all-out nuclear confrontation became a matter of forecast and speculation , illustrated by the concept `` nuclear winter . ''
Among the environmental effects are also health effects following exposure to hazardous materials , such as inhalation of smoke from burning oil fields or uranium dust , resulting in asthma and possibly lung cancer .
Exposure to chemical warfare agents following the detonation of Iraq munitions in Khamisiyah has been discussed as a cause of the syndrome .
By then the sowing season was long over .
Hospitals were flooded with patients showing symptoms of damage to the central nervous system .
This is particularly true of fish stocks , owing to large-scale destruction to fisheries .
These agreements are hailed as great successes , and annual reports summarizing official statistics are published showing that the use of CFC continues to decrease .
In his seminal work on evolution , On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection , or the Preservation of Favored Races in the Struggle for Life , Charles Darwin used the much-cited expression `` survival of the fittest . ''
In his later work , Darwin introduced another selection criteria that may be just as important , but which has received much less attention : mating preference , or sexual selection .
Thus , Darwin argued , they must increase the probability of more offspring by making the males more attractive to female mates .
As Darwin did not believe that pure aesthetics would guide female peacocks and lions in their choice of mating partners , he had to find a rational reason for females ' preference for males with hindering characteristics .
Following this reasoning , what makes the poet , the painter , and the singer attractive is uselessness combined with the difficulty of their activity .
Deepwater Horizon is still spewing oil into the Gulf of Mexico , even though BP has succeeded in inserting a smaller pipe into the main leakage to suck off part of the flow .
Last year , Japan 's committed investment projects in China fell 24 % from 2006 , while actual investment volume decreased by 25 % , partly owing to regulatory changes in China regarding foreign investment .
And , given the economic slowdown , widening income disparity , rising unemployment , and growing popular discontent over corruption , China 's leaders will have their hands full .
Though largely discredited inside the country , this militant movement still has a following around the world , and further protests may come at any time and in unpredictable forms .
It is heavily in debt , but can not stop spending and borrowing .
Schooled in economics , politics , and law , rather than engineering , they will seek to accelerate China 's rise and transformation , viewing caution as paralysis . Even now , emerging leaders argue that China is moving too slowly on economic reform and foreign-policy goals .
The younger Party leaders are also more impatient when it comes to a timeframe for winning back Taiwan .
Heading into its annual meetings in a few weeks -LRB- followed by the G-20 summit in Seoul in November -RRB- , the IMF is bowing to pressure to drop ever-larger sums into the EU with ever-fewer conditions .
Ireland 's banks financed their rapid growth by borrowing from other European banks , so the health of Europe 's financial system has become entwined with the survival of these insolvent banks .
In the latest data -LRB- through the end of August -RRB- , despite being two-thirds the size , Ireland received more ECB financing than Greece -- totaling 75 % of Irish GNP and growing rapidly .
Instead , the EU , the ECB , and Ireland have reached a Faustian bargain that keeps Ireland liquid -LRB- i.e. , it gets euros -RRB- , but does nothing to halt the growing likelihood of insolvency -LRB- i.e. , its increasing inability to pay back those euros in the future -RRB- .
At the same time , this swap reduced troubled countries ' debt-payment obligations -- allowing them to get back on their feet .
As a result , emerging-market countries , aiming to ensure that they avoid needing financial support from the IMF in the foreseeable future , are increasingly following China 's lead and trying to ensure that they , too , run current-account surpluses .
First , most emerging markets feel their currencies pressed to appreciate by growing capital inflows .
If people start to think this way , Portugal , whose already high and growing debt is held largely by non-residents , becomes a candidate for default as well .
To be sure , no serious people are claiming the full Reagan effect today -- partly because the Congressional Budget Office has kept everyone honest by showing in detail that the tax cuts will increase the deficit by close to $ 900 billion .
But there is a broader Reagan-type reasoning at work here : unemployment is high , the economy is not growing fast enough , and we `` need a fiscal stimulus . '' For those who generally like lower taxes , of course , this , too , is wishful thinking .
In other words , the big winners from `` financial innovation '' of all kinds over the past three decades have not been the poor -LRB- or even the middle class -RRB- , but the rich -- people already highly paid .
Knowing what to do in this increasingly complex and volatile situation is the easy part : look at the Multilateral Consultation policy plans and `` just do it . ''
But expanding demand and allowing real effective exchange rate appreciation in China will not be enough if other countries do not do their part .
There would be a massive run into cash , on an order not seen since the Great Depression , with long lines of people at ATMs and teller windows withdrawing as much as possible .
Yet at this moment of growing European crisis , while there is still time to act , the Fund is confined to the sidelines .
The Irish banking system 's external borrowing reached roughly 100 % of GDP -- two Kazakhstans .
A default would also appropriately place part of the costs of Greece 's borrowing spree on creditors .
How noble are intentions when the facts showing their horrific results are readily at hand yet overlooked ?
Is there anyone on earth who does not know that a guerilla war can not be won without winning the `` hearts and minds '' of the people ?
One possible explanation is that Johnson was thoroughly frightened by America 's right wing .
Did Johnson 's advisers push the country into a disastrous war in order to win an election -- or , to be more exact , to avoid losing one ?
If corruption is losing the client government support , `` pressure '' it to be honest , as Obama did in recent comments following President Hamid Karzai 's fraud-ridden re-election .
It is no secret that Obama 's support for the war in Afghanistan , which he has called `` necessary for the defense of our people , '' served as protection against charges of weakness over his policy of withdrawing from Iraq .
What is the source of this right-wing veto over presidents , congressmen , and public opinion ?
This growing alienation probably played a considerable part in US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton saying that deteriorating security in nuclear-armed Pakistan `` pose -LRB- d -RRB- a mortal '' threat to the US .
Following the Times Square bombing attempt , Clinton issued an even harsher judgment : `` if a terror attack like the New York bombing were to be successful and found to have originated from that country , there would be very severe consequences . ''
The failed Times Square attack demonstrates the TTP 's growing transnational ambitions -LRB- but also that the group 's reach exceeds its grasp , at least for now -RRB- .
Currently , India has a window of opportunity , nearly unique in nature , thanks to a huge demographic dividend : almost 60 % of the country 's population is below the age of 30 .
We must try to ensure that future climate-change meetings , like the Cancún summit this winter , are fully exploited as an opportunity to transform well-intentioned declarations into international agreements that apply to developed and developing countries alike .
The common denominator across the region is that , while its economies were growing , they were unable to generate enough jobs .
The region 's economies have contracted , owing to a sharp drop in tourism revenues and disruptions of production and trade .
Should we use our growing scientific understanding of the basis of human morality to try to make people morally better ?
Turkey 's Coup that Failed ANKARA -- The exposure of the plan hatched by senior military officials -- called `` Operation Sledgehammer '' -- to destabilize Turkey 's government , and the subsequent arrest of high-ranking officers , demonstrates the growing strength of Turkey 's democracy .
Feeling the heat , including threats from some US senators to link America 's nuclear deal with India to its actions in Myanmar , India has announced that it is asking for the release of Burmese democratic opposition leader and Nobel Prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi from house arrest .
Having performed poorly in a spate of recent state elections , the ruling Congress Party is betting that the new budget will swing voters its way if the national election , currently scheduled for April 2009 , is moved forward to this autumn .
It is conceivable that Mayawati Kumari , the self-appointed `` goddess '' of the poor whose low-caste-based party , the BSP , swept to power last year with a clear majority in Uttar Pradesh , could be the biggest winner in an early election .
The flaw consists partly in viewing China , India 's largest trading partner , as a threat .
But the BJP may well win India 's national elections next spring , and has pledged to bring back POTA , or something even more draconian .
Business and financial interests , in particular , are delighted with the outcome , crowing about the bonanza about to be unleashed as Congress liberalizes India 's economy further .
Dissidents picked up by the police but not formally arrested sometimes wind up in re-education camps or in psychiatric hospitals run by the public security bureau .
`` Internet dissidents '' make up the fastest-growing group of political prisoners .
With its expanded roles , however , the Self-Defense Forces are well prepared to engage in other military operations , such as shadowing and chasing spy ships , anti-terror activities , and missions to prevent proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and ballistic missiles .
With China 's growing sense of itself as a superpower , resentment about the country being poorer and less admired than some other nations has become intolerable .
Part of the problem lies in Japan 's educational system . Owing to a curriculum controlled by the powerful Japan Teachers Union , since the end of WWII many Japanese youth have viewed the Japan-China relationship with a consciousness of the need for atonement for the Sino-Japanese War .
Today , however , calls are growing to promote a more accurate and balanced historical education that focuses on modern history after the Meiji Restoration and WWII , and that reflects the reality of the Sino-Japanese relationship free from an obsession with `` atonement . ''
The Asian Football Cup highlighted not only China 's growing nationalism , but also the parlous state of relations with Japan .
Indeed , in withdrawing from the six-party talks , North Korea did not completely abandon the possibility of resolving the nuclear standoff through dialogue .
The decision , coming at the cabinet 's regular meeting on February 15th , was not intended to coincide with Kim Jong-il 's 63rd birthday the following day . But it did show that Japan 's government , having long suspected that North Korea already possessed nuclear weapons , would not be intimidated into a fundamental policy change by confirmation of the threat .
Across Japan , there is a growing view that some of these policies can not wait for constitutional amendment .
In The Influence of Sea Power upon History , published in 1890 , Mahan argued that maritime power and economic development were deeply intertwined . Only the ability to protect trade and project power by sea could assure the vitality of this nexus .
But that 's because Bush did n't begin to address the issue that is looming ever larger in the region : the changing face of security in Asia in view of China 's growing economic and military might .
As in Asia , there is a pattern at work : growing Chinese influence begets increased support for Chinese policies .
Russia 's growing slice of the local arms market worries the US , the world 's biggest weapons supplier and still Asia 's greatest military power .
The possibility that Southeast Asia 's governments might begin to play America and China off against each other is one of the concerns that most animates the latest US quadrennial defense review , which is intended to `` focus on the Pacific Ocean '' in awareness of China 's growing naval power .
But now Japan 's political and economic influence in South East Asia is gradually declining , owing in part to its failure to exert influence over security and defense matters .
For those Asian countries that recall Japan 's moderate and sensible advancement of regional policies since the 1960 's , there is a growing expectation that Japan should re-think its stance .
Moreover , the court has given no explanation of why it is allowing him to be tried on the same embezzlement charge that of which he was acquitted in 2003 .
By releasing Annadurdy Hadjiev from jail and withdrawing the threat of extradition to Turkmenistan , Bulgaria would unequivocally demonstrate its commitment to fulfilling its obligations .
And it speaks volumes to the changing world that , as panic recedes and the wreckage is revealed , Asia in general and China in particular are emerging as clear winners .
Indeed , even the growing split between Europe and America has not stemmed Russia 's loss of standing .
For example , the Ukraine debacle could have been avoided had we evaluated the political situation in a timely manner and backed the candidate who was practically certain to win .
But , after a few euphoric years , the West began acting more and more like the Cold War 's winners .
It might also help Russia and the US overcome their old habit of viewing each other as enemies .
Unfortunately , for both institutions , such countries ' growing demand for financing merely means business as usual .
Insistence on such policies at a time when the US and most of the rest of the rich world are following virtually the opposite economic strategy indicates the need for fundamental rethinking of what actually generates growth and development .
There is a growing body of alternative ideas in this area -- including work by the Nobel laureates Joseph Stiglitz and Paul Krugman -- which the IMF and the World Bank should consider .
We freely admit to not knowing everything about how a helicopter flies or a printing press prints , but we are not nearly modest enough about our ignorance .
When Leon Rozenblit and I uncovered the illusion and its specificity , we ran an extensive series of studies exploring why explanatory understanding is so vulnerable to a false sense of knowing .
For example , we may think that we understand the mind much better than we do when we see images of glowing brain regions .
If a gnawing sense of ignorance kept us diving deeper in our quest to understand everything we encountered , we might suffocate in the details in one area and miss other areas completely .
The decaying Soviet regime was unable to crush Russia 's growing democratic movement -- it would take Vladimir Putin to do that a decade later .
Standing in the wings is one possible candidate who might take up where Khatami left off and address the economic and cultural concerns of young Iranians . Though he has not announced his candidacy , Mohammad Baquer Qalibaf , now Mayor of Tehran and formerly the country 's chief of police , has a relatively moderate track record and an image of someone who can get things done .
Its standoff with the West over its nuclear program , together with its ties to Syria and its growing influence in Lebanon and Iraq , suggest the emergence of a strong regional power .
By `` modernizing '' the seminaries following a single-party model , the revolutionaries gained control over them .
Indeed , growing Iranian control of the Shiite clerical establishment extended beyond Iraq .
His foremost rival , Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , a former president who Ahmedinejad defeated to win the post , has had a remarkable reversal of fortune , reemerging as leader of the Assembly of Experts , the powerful body that elects Iran 's Supreme Leader and that can even remove a Supreme Leader from office .
His political base has faded , owing to Iran 's deepening economic crisis , which has been intensified by the conflict with the West over the nuclear issue .
Who will actually win the vote is unpredictable , but not because Iran is democratic .
If a reformer is to win he must prove that he will be able to sway Iran 's political structures toward a reform agenda .
Iran 's Republic of Fear WASHINGTON , DC -- Iran 's clerical regime governs by a simple formula : he who is the most frightening , wins .
But cultivating fear in others also makes one more susceptible to fear , and nothing is more frightening to Khamenei and the leaders of the Islamic Republic than the social dynamism unleashed by the democratic movement brewing inside the country .
In the past , he clipped the wings of Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , who had strong ties to the merchant class , and of Mohammad Khatami , a reformer whose support came from Westernized middle-class professionals .
But , since Khamenei can not accept a single , united political faction , it is extremely unlikely that he will let the Larijani camp -LRB- which includes Tehran Mayor Mohammad Baqer Qalibaf and former Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati -RRB- become powerful enough to win the next presidential election .
The upcoming election , to be held under the illegal Provisional Constitutional Order -LRB- PCO -RRB- implemented following President Pervez Musharraf 's state of emergency on November 3 , is such a case , which is why my party and its coalition partners are boycotting the vote .
In fact , my party 's support has been growing , with opinion polls now indicating that it is the second most popular in the frontier province -- and gaining ground in every other province .
After all , how can the party of a man who has less than 5 % support win the election now without rigging it ?
Major parties like the Pakistan Muslim League -LRB- Nawaz -RRB- have decided to participate , following the lead of the late Benazir Bhutto 's People 's Party .
Of course , there is some progress -- wind power meets 20 % of the electricity demand in Denmark and about 15 % in Spain and Portugal , for example -- but the recipe for success remains elusive .
As world energy prices collapsed , Brazil fortuitously turned off its subsidy tap , whereupon a brutal Darwinian free-for-all ensued .
Fortunately , the government did not attempt the impossible task of trying to separate winners from losers .
The government did not bail out the underperformers , allowing market forces to restructure the industry during the post-subsidy phase .
But , despite the pains my father had taken , the other designers expressed growing discontent about Korolev getting all the publicity , even if anonymously .
If the Russian-Western alliance fails to bring tangible benefits to Russia soon , there is a growing fear that the loss of confidence in Putin may weaken him fatally .
Weakened by the perception of allowing the West to mistreat Russia , their influence among Russia 's ruling elite disintegrated .
But obstructing is far from overthrowing .
One minute , President Vladimir Putin 's regime is on a charm offensive , desiring a settlement to its six-decade-old territorial dispute with Japan over the Kurile Islands and reassuring investors following the conviction of oil billionaire Mikhail Khodorkovsky .
High oil prices now seem to be the only factor allowing Putin to keep the reform charade going .
Oil is Putin 's army and navy , allowing him to build and maintain the image of a strong , but also an internationalist , state .
In his pro-imperial Russia film `` The Barber of Siberia , '' the Oscar-winning director Nikita Mikhalkov -- whose father composed the Stalin-era national anthem that Putin recently revived -- used the coronation of Alexander III as the symbolic centerpiece of Russia 's greatness , inviting Russian leaders to walk in his footsteps .
This strong-willed monarch , while ruling the Russian empire autocratically , managed to bring stability and prosperity , allowing capitalism to take root .
Unlike most other party leaders , he was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped him win support and then power later , but he also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist-Leninist gobbledygook that he was required to recite at public events .
But Yeltsin himself never succeeded in fully throwing off the intellectual shackles of the past .
Even if Putin has found a way to retain power without amending the constitution -- a possibility that was endlessly speculated about by Russia 's dwindling band of democrats -- the undemocratic nature of his strategy is glaringly obvious .
For years following the end of the Cold War , politics had been removed from the Games .
But now we have returned to an aesthetic of political mesmerization , reflected in the host government 's declared aim that China should win more gold medals than any country before .
Any man who would frame the four death sentences he had received -LRB- one signed by Khrushchev , another by Yuri Andropov , the Soviet ambassador in Budapest in 1956 -RRB- and hang them in his drawing room has the sort of quirky humor I relish .
Putin 's promise to restore national self-respect , shattered by Russia 's bitter loss of superpower status in 1991 , is centered around cowing Europe into submissively accepting Russia 's sphere of `` privileged interest '' in the post-Soviet nations .
Because the Orange Revolution in 2004 turned out to be a seeming unending series of disappointments , most Western leaders are acting as if it makes no difference whether Prime Minister Yuliya Tymoshenko or her rival , Viktor Yanukovich , wins on February 7 .
For , if the Orange Revolution demonstrated one thing , it is that Ukraine 's politics are not those of the pendulum , swinging predictably between opposing forces that agree on the fundamental rules of democracy .
Yanukovich 's record of violence and disdain for democratic norms is too entrenched to think that , should he win , he will ever allow his position to be challenged again .
The opposition -- led by Boris Nemtsov , the former leader of the now-defunct Union of Right Forces , Mikhail Kasyanov , a former prime minister , chess master Garry Kasparov , and the writer Edward Limonov -- has no coherent message with which to win support or provide a credible alternative to the country 's current leadership .
MOSCOW -- In a recent interview , Russia 's President Dmitri Medvedev proclaimed that he wants a second term in office following the 2012 election , but that he would not run against Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , who put him in power in the first place .
We Asians inhabit the world 's largest continent , with the world 's largest population and its fastest-growing economies .
I hope to see Korea assume more responsibility in the world , commensurate with its growing economic clout -- especially in the area of development , one of the three pillars of the UN Charter .
It was a window onto what the future might bring .
The pain and suffering arising from last year 's earthquake was already enormous , and has since been compounded by Hurricane Tomas and an outbreak of cholera . Now there is growing tension surrounding the just completed election .
People everywhere live in growing anxiety and fear .
And our numbers keep growing , with corresponding pressures on land , energy , food , and water . The global economy is generating pressures as well : rising joblessness , widening social inequalities , and the emergence of new economic powers .
NEW YORK -- Growing up as a child during the Korean War , I knew poverty first hand . I saw it around me every day ; I lived it .
In China , green capital investment is expected to grow from $ 170 million in 2005 to more than $ 720 million in 2008 . -LRB- In just a few short years , China has become a world leader in wind and solar power , employing more than a million people . -RRB-
When the next American president takes office , voters and elected officials alike should be reassured by studies showing that the US can fight climate change by cutting emissions at low or even no cost , using only existing technologies .
They must be sustainable , so that we are not merely throwing money at problems but , instead , are using those funds to lay the foundations of a more stable and prosperous future .
The pendulum of history is swinging back toward the United Nations and collective action .
In addition , Australia and Japan have launched a major international commission on nuclear non-proliferation and disarmament . My own multimedia `` WMD -- WeMustDisarm ! '' campaign , which will culminate on the International Day of Peace -LRB- 21 September -RRB- , will reinforce growing calls for disarmament by former statesmen and grassroots campaigns , such as `` Global Zero . ''
Microfinance institutions , such as Bangladesh 's Grameen Bank , play a vital role in allowing self-employed women to build profitable businesses .
This has caused consternation in both the United States and Europe , leading to growing concern that the West is somehow `` losing '' Turkey .
To Serbia 's credit , the Ministry made its policy decision knowing that the change would require belt-tightening elsewhere in its budget , but it took the action because it concluded that protecting human rights was more important than saving a few dinars .
Doctors are no different from laypersons in drawing on personal and cultural resources -- involving imagination , responsibility , sensibility , insight , and communication -- to accomplish their care-giving .
The refusal to include the words `` harm reduction '' seems motivated by ideology rather than science , despite clear evidence showing that needle exchange and substitution treatment keep drug users alive and free of deadly infections .
Elsewhere , BHP Billiton announced the discovery of an estimated 60 million tons of manganese in southeastern Gabon , while France 's AREVA is drawing up plans to build a large mine in the Central African Republic to exploit uranium deposits .
Major fraud at the Paris office cost the bank around $ 28 million , showing the weakness of audit and control mechanisms .
With the possible exception of Gabon -- where it is too early to assess the effectiveness of reforms proposed by the new president -- most CEMAC governments are run by insular ruling elites that engage more in democratic window-dressing than in genuine political and economic liberalization .
That feeling had been growing in the country for some time .
Although that now seems to be the case , the DPJ gave only a few lines to national security in its election manifesto , thereby avoiding infighting between the party 's left-wingers , who oppose the Japan-US Security Treaty , and its right-wingers , who support it .
For example , Yoshito Sengoku , Minister of State for Government Revitalization , was once a member of Shaseidou , a left-wing youth group that is reflexively anti-American , as was Hirotaka Akamatsu , Minister of Agriculture , Forestry , and Fisheries .
Meanwhile , China is following its own definition of `` dignity , '' which looks to almost everyone in Asia -- other than Kan 's government -- as a right to dominate .
In recent years , however , Vietnam 's strategic significance has increased dramatically , owing to huge -- and not always widely recognized -- transformations in its economic performance and foreign-policy orientation .
And earlier this summer , while hosting US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Vietnam encouraged her to intervene in the growing maritime disputes between China and Malaysia , the Philippines , Japan , and Vietnam itself .
Not surprisingly , defectors nowadays describe an environment of social breakdown , petty crime , and a Darwinian struggle for survival .
That might seem crazy , especially given the likelihood of another round of economically crippling sanctions following the bombardment .
The test of China 's intentions is whether its growing economic and , yes , military capacities will be used to seek to establish Asian hegemony by working to exclude America from the region and preventing regional partnerships from flourishing .
Some believe that North Korea has begun displaying its growing nuclear threat in order to secure the succession to power of Kim Jong-un , Kim Jong-il 's rotund , twenty-something youngest son .
There are also signs of growing adoration of liberal countries such as the US and South Korea throughout North Korean society -- a sentiment that the regime has sought to appease by broadcasting one or two Western films on state television .
Kim 's hope must be that , by showing off his nuclear arsenal , he can bully the US , Japan , and South Korea into helping him to resolve some of his regime 's domestic crises .
He apparently believed that , following the defeat that Obama absorbed in the mid-term elections , the US would lack the will to stand up to a fresh nuclear threat and would move to conclude a peace accord with his regime , thus perpetuating his dynasty . `` We are ready for both dialogue and war , '' Kim has declared .
Ever since the Fukushima accident , opposition to nuclear power has been growing in China and South Korea , both of which had been planning a massive expansion of their nuclear generating capacity -- and both of which face a change of political leadership next year .
But , owing to what Kan 's government called `` confusion on the ground , '' Taiwan 's rescue team was kept waiting for days .
Construction of a fourth nuclear power plant , which began in 1999 , was suspended by DPP President Chen Shui-bian the following year .
America did , indeed , turn inward following the fall of Saigon , and its neglect of Afghanistan following the Soviet withdrawal in 1989 led to chaos and Al Qaeda 's near-takeover of the country .
The growing congruence of strategic interests led to the 2008 Japan-India security agreement , a significant milestone in building a stable geo-political order in Asia .
That outcome would stoke Chinese ire , not because of Tsai 's gender , but owing to her politics .
A third Asian issue with combustible potential is Burma , where another unique woman , the Nobel Peace Prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi , is at the heart of events .
Likewise , whereas Greece 's nominal gross national product is at least growing , Japan remains mired in deflation . And while stock markets are recovering in much of the developed world , Japanese stocks continue to stagnate .
But in Iran and Syria , there are also a growing number of specialist workers .
Sensing a widening gulf between Japan and the US , the Chinese Navy is demonstrating its growing might in the seas around Japan -- and asserting its aspiration to replace the US as the Pacific 's dominant naval power .
Within Japan , there is growing controversy over the Hatoyama government 's push for a law that would allow particular foreign residents on the island to vote in local elections .
Because a mere 137 votes can get a town council member elected , a large number of foreigners with a particular interest in moving onto the island could nominate a winning candidate .
Indeed , the growing contest between India and China is not only military in nature , but also concerns the acquisition of natural resources .
But there remain doubts about the true level of China 's military spending , owing to a pronounced lack of transparency in the budget process .
Indeed , it also grossly neglected to deal with an outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease in Miyazaki Prefecture , allowing the disease to spread out of control .
A general fear has arisen in Asia that China is seeking to use its growing maritime might to dominate not only development of the hydrocarbon-rich waters of the South China Sea , but also its shipping lanes , which are some of the world 's most heavily trafficked .
Those war games were , most immediately , a warning to North Korea of the strength of America 's commitment to South Korea , following the North 's sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan earlier this year .
There is , indeed , a growing belief that Kim Jong-il might , at any moment , designate Kim Kyong-hui to serve as a caretaker for the third-generation successor after his death .
Public support for Europe 's engagement has been plummeting , and most EU governments have failed to act on NATO 's request to boost troop levels . One exception is the United Kingdom , which has recently pledged to increase its troop numbers in the restive poppy-growing province of Helmand .
If American policy has failed to deal with this growing problem , European policy has focused on technical assistance , with the European Union providing ¤ 125 million in aid between 2002 and 2006 .
As the three pillars of Western Middle East policy crumble , a new Middle East is taking shape , buffeted by Pacific trade winds and owing allegiance to more than one power .
In a country with one of the worst histories of economic crisis and volatility , fears of a new meltdown are growing , and investors have been dollarizing their portfolios in order to protect their capital .
The primary check was that other countries could demand conversion of their growing dollar reserves into gold at the fixed price of $ 35 per ounce .
Unlike the late Soviet elites , who were bureaucratic , risk-adverse , and competent when it came to international relations and security policies , the new Russian elite consists of the winners of the zero-sum games of the post-communist transition . They are highly self-confident , risk prone , and immensely wealthy , and Europe 's political elites , who made their careers in practicing compromise and avoiding conflicts do not know how to deal with them .
So those desiring a stronger integrated EU should be rooting for a French No , knowing full well that some voting No would be doing the right thing for the wrong reasons .
The corporate state simply has not delivered the goods in continental Europe , and polls are showing voters may take it out on the proposed Constitution .
Europe , in fact , might be on the verge of a major political re-alignment if the French vote No and Tony Blair wins big in the forthcoming UK election .
Europe clearly would be better off with Chirac weakened than strengthened , even if it means a temporary slowing of the pace of integration .
The European Central Bank , of course , for allowing the euro to appreciate too much and for not cutting interest rates enough .
This has dramatically reduced the cost of borrowing for the Italian government .
This suggests an important advantage of the euro for Germany , where misplaced nostalgia for the deutsche mark -- no doubt aided by the steady invective against the common currency by government officials -- is growing .
The key will be so-called `` second-round effects '' -- whether growing crude prices lead to higher wage demands from trade unions .
Unfortunately , Merkel 's campaign is off to a rocky start , and the recent entry of Oskar Lafontaine 's extreme left-wing party into the fray may necessitate the formation of a grand coalition between the Christian Democrats and the Social Democrats .
Outsiders find it difficult to compete when `` who gets what '' depends on knowing the right people .
The homogeneity of Europe 's nation states is decreasing , with immigrants posing a growing challenge for social solidarity , while the European Union as a whole faces a similar dilemma : is a Dutchman in Amsterdam supposed to feel as much solidarity with a Greek in Athens as with a fellow Dutchman in Rotterdam ?
No doubt , the United States has very real -- and growing -- problems with the fairness of its income distribution .
The doves are furious about the pre-announcement , and some hawks -- perhaps nostalgic for the more collegial style of Wim Duisenberg -- regard Trichet 's move as `` showing off '' and `` taking control . ''
Not only did the Northern League -- an important component of Silvio Berlusconi 's ousted right-wing coalition -- favor a weak euro , but it also favored pulling Italy out of the euro altogether .
Indeed , even before the sudden downturn in the US economy , a growing number of members of the ECB 's Governing Council already had come to the conclusion that accelerating the pace of interest-rate increases was needed if its goal of monetary neutrality was to be achieved .
As a result , Merkel 's reforms have increased the angst of euro-zone central bankers that the `` window of opportunity '' for future rate hikes might be closing .
However , with the German and US economies slowing precipitously , the ECB would have a perfect cover for its interest-rate moves .
Not only has German resurgence raised overall growth in Europe , but it has also made growth less evenly balanced throughout the euro zone . This is because Germany is growing faster than the other large economies , France and Italy .
But by 2006 , both German exports and GDP were growing faster than in France and Italy .
Moreover , with the disappearance of the Soviet Union as a common threat , Europe 's left-wing parties are increasingly defining themselves as anti-American .
But Europeans are showing little taste for increased defense spending , Iraq or no Iraq .
Bernanke , after an initial stumble -- a rookie mistake as one commentator put it &#45; &#45; appears to be following in his predecessor Alan Greenspan 's footsteps .
The perfect storm is forming because both Europe and America , for different reasons , are following monetary policies that encourage the euro to rocket to dangerous levels .
The Myth of Decoupling PALO ALTO , CALIF. &#45; &#45; The fact that America 's economy is slowing is bad news for Europeans , regardless of claims that Europe 's economy has successfully decoupled itself from the United States .
Moreover , from a higher rate level , the ECB would be in a better position to cut rates now that the economy is slowing .
Investments from all over the world are flowing into Europe as a result .
Even if the unions win large wage increases -- which is very likely and entirely justifiable given their past restraint -- this will have only a negligible effect on Europe 's price stability .
How can President Sarkozy , who has repeatedly attacked financial speculators , question the judgment of the very man who , by knowing how to keep his mouth shut in a crisis , thwarted them ?
But as he exits his post , there is a growing consensus that history will record the straight-talking Dutchman as being the right man for the right job at the right time .
It would decisively split Europe by allowing the big countries and their satellites to go their own way .
Decisive democratic governments `` win '' by seeing their policies live on , even after they are defeated .
After it retreated from its left-wing commitments of 1981-1983 it had no real policies .
What will be the consequences of this `` survival of the weakest , '' of this political reverse Darwinism ?
John Paul II had a specific task that he implemented during his nearly 27-year papacy : following through on the changes in the teaching and behavior of the Catholic Church that were started by the Second Vatican Council over forty years ago .
The fusion of an irresponsible right-wing campaign and economic stagnation made Poland 's `` wandering '' electorate shift in the direction of the PiS , whose success was mostly due to its leader , Jaroslaw Kaczynski , currently the right 's most prominent politician .
This contrast , and a strong attack on the liberal Civic Platform , made it impossible to create a moderate right-wing coalition .
The Kaczynskis want to destroy the `` corrupt system composed of careerist politicians , post-communists , former secret service functionaries , and criminal organizations , '' who , according to the twins , have ruled Poland since 1989 .
How far will the twins push their idea ?
In that case , life with the twins could become more interesting than Poland needs .
To sustain its vital role , it is working with its shareholders to strengthen its capital base . A well-capitalized World Bank leverages all its shareholders ' investments by pooling them and then raising five times the capital by borrowing in financial markets .
The economy is slowing -- the Bank of Korea cut its growth forecast for this year to 4.7 % , while the OECD expects only 4.3 % growth -- inflation is rising , and some are concerned that Lee 's policies are too geared toward foreign investors and big business .
In April , on his first foreign trip following his inauguration , Lee traveled to the US .
On the eve of the visit , his government agreed to lift the five-year-old ban on US beef imports as part of efforts to improve bilateral ties following years of up-and-down relations during former President Roh Moo-hyun 's administration .
In addition , significant segments of the population saw the agreement as Lee selling out or kowtowing to the Americans .
Relations between North and South Korea have taken a turn for the worse this year , following the election of South Korean President Lee Myung-bak , who has taken a more hard-line approach toward the North .
In the rich industrialized countries , after an era of cynical and short-sighted profit-maximizing behavior , we may be at the dawn of a new age of modesty and sustainability . Companies are facing growing pressure to behave ethically , and unethical business behavior is at last being punished .
To be authentically human in the spirit of our great religious and ethical traditions means the following :
DURHAM -- In setting himself ablaze following a humiliating encounter with the police , the university-educated Tunisian vegetable seller Mohamed Bouazizi triggered a wave of protests across the Arab world .
So far , the right-wing Sharon government , which seems to give only lip service to peace , is more than happy to engage in military actions that it knows will lead to Palestinian retaliations .
Indeed , law and order must be the top priority of the unity government , owing to the need to restore the Palestinian public 's faith in Palestinian leaders from all factions .
Only in the last 18 months of a second term president or following a military engagement in the Middle East does the United States actually start to concern itself with `` peace . ''
They argue that the positions acceptable in Taba -LRB- following the failure of Camp David II -RRB- must be the basis of any agreement , and that what needs to be negotiated now is the timetable for implementation .
In January , for example , Israelis began using its monopoly on fuel supplies to punish Palestinians , a decision condemned the following month by Human Rights Watch .
Likewise , following the Israeli air strikes on Gaza in early March that killed more than 100 Palestinians , UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon was moved to `` condemn the disproportionate and excessive use of force that has killed and injured so many civilians , including children . ''
Israel is most at fault for this failure , owing to its continued military occupation and illegal settlements .
Benjamin Netanyahu 's right-wing Likud Party and the even harder right Avigdor Lieberman and his Yisrael Beiteinu -LRB- Israel is Our Home -RRB- party achieved a dominant result that saw Labor , the dominant party throughout Israel 's history , consigned to a lowly fourth place .
The last time that Israeli elections were so obviously affected by violence was in 1996 , when polling results shifted wildly in the run-up to the vote , finally allowing Netanyahu a razor-thin win over acting Prime Minister Shimon Peres .
The anger of northern Israel 's Arab citizens at the killing of their brethren across the border led to a boycott that cost Peres the few thousand votes he needed to win .
Egypt and the Palestinian Authority have been made to look bad in the eyes of the Arab world , owing to their refusal to make Egypt responsible for Gaza and possibly Jordan for the West Bank .
Some Israeli right-wing leaders like Menachem Begin , Shamir , and Netanyahu trumpet their settlement achievements .
Abbas 's withdrawal comes at a time when Palestinian frustration with the political process has rendered suspect the entire rationale behind the PA , established in the mid-1990 's , following the Oslo Accords .
Another such election in the near future , including the one set for January , is unlikely to occur , mainly owing to the continuing rift between the PLO and Hamas , which controls Gaza .
It is clear that for Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu 's right-wing government , the start of indirect talks without freezing settlement activities in the West Bank and Jerusalem is a sort of victory .
Palestinians want the areas occupied by Israel following the June 1967 War to be the territory of the Palestinian state .
But this plan has been put to the test lately by right-wing Israelis ' forcible takeover of Palestinian properties in the heart of East Jerusalem 's Sheikh Jarah neighborhood .
The PLO 's main faction , Fatah , made this shift at their sixth congress , held in Bethlehem last winter after a 20-year hiatus .
Other senior Fatah officials have been banned from travel outside the West Bank , owing largely to their involvement in nonviolent protests .
It could cause some major damage to right-wing Israeli political forces that came to power as a result of eight years of former US president George Bush 's so-called war on terror .
According to this view , Netanyahu 's right-wing coalition might be persuaded to accept the continuation of the partial settlement freeze , but only if the Israeli public sees President Mahmoud Abbas and Netanyahu publicly engaged in negotiations .
That failure , and the emotional responses from both sides as to what was or was not offered in the talks , helped spark the violence which led to the second intifada in the winter of 2000 .
This would force at least a change in the coalition 's makeup -LRB- possibly the replacement of the right-wing Yisrael Beitenu , headed by Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman , with the more moderate Kadima , headed by Tzipi Livni , Lieberman 's predecessor as foreign minister -RRB- .
Arab youth had to fight and win democracy for themselves .
In 1967 , it should be recalled , Israel occupied the remainder of historic Palestine and other Arab territories following the June War .
By winning election on a clear anti-violence and pro-rule of law platform , Abbas has the mandate and the responsibility to carry out this policy .
But , whatever you do in the next few months to win the forthcoming parliamentary elections , please remember that the support that Kadima has received from the Israeli public derives precisely from the fact that it has taken a moderate centrist position .
In their eyes , the current process produced years of inaction in negotiations , allowing for continued occupation and theft of Palestinian lands .
Ironically instead of weakening Lebanon , one clear winner of this war is the unity and independent will of Lebanon .
Malaysia 's Opposition Reborn In Malaysia 's recent elections , opposition parties managed their strongest showing since the country gained its independence from Britain in 1957 , cutting the ruling coalition 's parliamentary majority to below two-thirds .
Anwar can finally make the opposition a credible check on the National Front ruling coalition , but knows that he will never become prime minister this way . No one , after all , expects the opposition to win enough seats to form a government in the conceivable future .
For example , on climate change , immigration , and development aid , there is growing consensus , as there is on energy policy and the further development of the European Security Strategy .
The EU vision of a capitalist economy harnessed to social progress and subject to regulation , rather than laissez-faire , is growing in influence .
Transferring more areas of responsibility , such as foreign aid and development policies , to EU institutions helps the Union to adapt to new international realities by underpinning its growing importance as Europe 's decision-making center .
There is a path to sustained recovery , but it is narrowing .
Credible measures that deliver and anchor savings in the medium term will help create space to accommodate growth today -- by allowing a slower pace of consolidation .
Commission after commission , expert after Nobel prize-winning expert , gave DDT a clean bill of health .
People thrusting their hands through the taxi window , begging .
As long as US interest rates were high , Japanese interest rates remained fairly positive , allowing the BOJ to moderate the effects of the yen 's appreciation by easing domestic monetary policy .
Fiscal stability , meanwhile , is already threatened by the growing pension and health-care costs implied by a rapidly aging population .
GENEVA -- The recent sharp spike in food prices and growing concerns about food security have sparked anxiety worldwide .
The seemingly unalterable factors generating these record-setting rises in food prices -- a shift to higher protein diets in many countries , growing populations , greater use of biofuels , and climate change -- suggest that elevated food prices are here to stay .
In the absence of solutions that alleviate growing pressure on supplies , hunger and malnutrition will increase .
Now Ukraine 's people may face a similar test after supporters of Viktor Yanukovich threatened to seek autonomy should the rightful winner of the country 's presidential vote , Viktor Yushchenko , actually become president .
The only real winner would be the spirit of that evil .
The Frente Amplio -LRB- FA -RRB- brings together nearly all the country 's left-wing groups and has the loyal support of labor unions .
If the FA does not win the first round , it will not secure the absolute majority that Vázquez has enjoyed , limiting the government 's capacity for innovation . Furthermore , while Mujica has majority support within the FA , he is not the sole chief of the party but just the head of one of its competing factions .
Moreover , China has sought to improve trade and transit ties with Central Asia over the last decade , reflecting its growing interests there .
Not only is the region important for meeting China 's growing energy needs , but the Chinese authorities also are concerned about separatist pressures among the Uighur population in Xinjiang province and the impact of ties with Uighurs in neighboring Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan .
Both countries have growing strategic interests in the region .
The growing opposition to the US missile defense deployment is rooted in the way in which America has managed -- or rather mismanaged -- the presentation of its deployment plans .
The US can still win the missile debate in Europe , but only if it stops treating missile defense primarily as a technological issue and addresses the broader political concerns that are driving the debate among European publics , including those in Eastern Europe .
In exchange for extending the base agreement , Russia agreed to cut by 30 % the price of gas that it sells to Ukraine , throwing out the January 2009 contract signed by former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko , which ended a 17-day gas crisis .
This helps to explain the growing fashion for currency boards and even full-scale dollarization , particularly in countries where weak political institutions or a history of rampant inflation undermined policy credibility .
Presidents Bánzer , Quiroga , and Sánchez de Lozada found their authority dwindling while movements against them grew ever more robust .
The same basic idea of allowing the state to distribute gas revenues , although with different intended purposes , is found in their programs .
Morales went on to win the 2005 presidential election with an absolute majority .
The Bolivian economy has grown moderately under Morales 's management , owing to international demand and cash transfers from the state to local governments and individuals .
The transport workers wanted a pay increase , following a multi-year wage freeze , while other workers want higher salaries to compensate for inflation , which is higher in Bolivia than the Latin American average , while economic growth is lower .
Bolivia 's neighbors , Brazil and Chile in particular , have expressed growing concern about this trend .
In the face of his growing problems , Morales has resorted to two tactics that successfully diverted public opinion in the past : conflict with Chile over landlocked Bolivia 's claims to Chilean territory that would give it an outlet to the sea , and a new electoral campaign , this time for judges .
VIENNA -- Last month , firecrackers were thrown at the only synagogue in the Swedish city of Malmö , breaking three windows .
Allowing a state of affairs in which Jews are frightened to leave their homes ?
For example , the avowed intention of the EU Common Fisheries Policy is `` to protect fish resources by regulating the amount of fish taken from the sea , by allowing young fish to reproduce , and by ensuring that measures are respected . ''
Indeed , to continue to fail the world 's at-risk children is to deliver a verdict of wanton inhumanity against ourselves , for we are a knowing party to an entirely preventable mass destruction of human life .
None of the other professions listed above , however , knowingly exposes its clients to a confirmed environmental carcinogen .
In this new movement , the libertarian tendencies of the New Left and the protectionist tendencies of the traditional right became intertwined .
While innovation sometimes comes from brilliant individuals -- 21 of Britain 's Nobel prizewinners were refugees -- it generally comes from the synergy of talented people in close proximity .
Politicians should have the courage to stop fighting an unwinnable war .
Surplus rural folk could find land to till in the New World 's vast frontiers or industrial employment in its growing cities .
The following prescriptions may , however , help avert a disaster :
The lesson of the last decade is that money flowing to constructive investments in developing countries would have yielded higher returns than all the Enrons , WorldComs , and Vivendis , while laying the basis for dynamic indigenous development ;
The opinion also included the following remark : '' modern biotechnology , as a technique used in food production , can not be regarded in itself as ethical or unethical . ''
Europeans consumers ' growing awareness of their rights and farmers ' increasing fear of dependence on multinational companies are symptoms of a deeper concern about values and priorities : the type of environment we want , the role of biodiversity , our tolerance for risk , and the price we are prepared to pay for regulation .
When France Says No Not long ago , an American political analyst compared France 's loss of influence in Europe following its `` No '' vote in the 2005 referendum on the EU constitutional treaty with France 's surrender in 1940 .
`` Lance beat cancer and then he went on to win 5 Tour de Frances , '' a computer programmer wrote on his blog in 2003 . `` That pretty much means I can overcome whatever ills I have in my life so I can keep going after that . ''
Failure to do so leads , over time , to terminal organizational weakness , owing to lost credibility amongst employees , shareholders , customers , and communities .
No Arab ruler can claim a mass following outside his country of the sort that Gamel Nasser , the Egyptian president who was also the acknowledged leader of pan-Arab aspirations , once did .
Add the region 's growing population to the mix and you have a recipe for economic catastrophe .
The window of opportunity for these two social models to compete with each other , however , is likely to be brief given the hideous events that have occurred in New York and Washington , and America 's likely retaliation against terrorists and the sponsors of terrorists .
The Trial of Pavel S. STRASBOURG -- On a cold winter day in 2004 , a young Russian named Pavel Shtukaturov discovered that a judge had stripped him of the right to speak for himself .
Drawing benefits from global companies does n't always require high-level government negotiations .
Her stall is far from ideal ; with every gust of wind , sand and dirt blow over the meat .
Owing to the ongoing operations in Iraq and Afghanistan , any future British government will inherit a military that is overstretched , undermanned , and working with worn-out equipment .
All NATO countries must understand that membership brings implicit and explicit responsibilities to ensure that their military forces have the capability to fight and win on the modern-day battlefield .
There is an even greater silent force which may produce a new generation of political leaders : the rapidly growing army of Christian believers , now estimated at 20 million .
But it is nonetheless real progress , indicating the growing influence of the Chinese media and pointing to China 's becoming a country of `` free expression '' .
This framework suggests that policymakers identify tradable industries that have performed well in growing countries with similar resources and skills , and with a per capita income about double their own .
Despite the considerable progress that developing countries have made in integrating themselves into international trade and finance channels , there is still much work to be done to ensure that they share the burden of maintaining the global system in which they have a rapidly growing stake .
At the same time , it is critical that major developed countries craft policies that take into account their growing interdependency with developing countries .
Back in China , the dollar peg has led to large and growing foreign-exchange reserves , which are fueling domestic inflationary pressures and causing public-sector debt to balloon .
The first and most tangible challenge is that Uribe -- with popularity ratings of more than 90 % following the rescue of 15 high-profile hostages , including former presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt , in early July -- will be more tempted to run for a third term .
Perhaps more importantly , were Uribe to step down after his current term , he would still wield considerable proxy power at home , playing an integral role in choosing his successor -- whoever he backs stands a very good chance of winning -- and boosting his political supporters ' prospects in legislative elections .
For the last couple of years , the FARC , many of whose leaders believe that they `` win '' simply by prolonging the conflict , has been seeking ways -- for example , a humanitarian exchange and political recognition -- to ease the military pressure that it has faced since Uribe came to power .
Strengthening the state and fostering a stable and growing economy would also provide the best rebuke to the FARC and its bid for time .
Next came a billboard showing a man 's face , with foreign coins flowing down upon it .
For Mikhail Gorbachev in the 1980 's , the catalyst for his perestroika was the USSR 's growing economic paralysis .
When oil prices were high and growing , the government could compensate for poor performance by throwing money at problems .
And , unlike in the late 1980 's and 1990 's , Russia is not indebted to foreign banks or international organizations , though it plans to resume foreign borrowing next year .
Russians may be concerned by growing unemployment and reduced incomes , but this is not manifesting itself in any drive to organize or try to effect political change .
A mild drop in early 2011 probably reflected frustration over social injustice and a growing sense of insecurity and uncertainty about the future .
Every winter , millions of people around the world suffering from flu-like illnesses visit their doctor .
Some patients actually are infected with flu ; others have colds or other respiratory infections , many of which also peak in the winter .
Paradoxically , the best way for health authorities to prepare for a possible return of SARS this winter is to make special efforts to reduce the spread of flu and speed its diagnosis .
Like other respiratory infections , SARS may be easier to contract , more severe , or both , during winter .
But , while Latin American governments are all watching the same news about Bush 's growing trials and tribulations , their responses to the looming transfer of power in the United States are of three kinds .
As a political model , Chavism is strongly based on nationalism , so that , Bush or no Bush , its legitimacy requires a growing anti-Americanism .
But nothing guarantees that , even if the Democrats win , they will change America 's foreign policies .
We now know that the congress had been put off for 14 years , owing to deep divisions among Cuban leaders .
The worst case would be if China disregarded a decisive pro-democracy win in 2007 and 2008 and continued to insist that Hong Kong 's people were unready for democracy or to allege foreign manipulation of the pro-democracy camp .
Pollution from Hong Kong 's own power generation plants , growing number of vehicles , and burgeoning shipping industry can certainly be reduced .
But the lion 's share of this industrial haze -- like the growing pollution of its coastal waters -- is a direct result of the rapid industrialization of the Pearl River Delta across the border in China 's Guangdong Province .
We could do all good things . We could win the war against hunger , end conflicts , stop communicable diseases , provide clean drinking water , improve education and halt climate change .
· At a recent meeting at Exeter in the UK , some participants warned of a 50-50 chance that the Gulf Stream winds could collapse within a century .
But growing concern about the peril of climate change could help save some of this continent 's lush forests .
However , spending on infrastructure wins more public support and creates fewer protests .
Today , the fastest-growing cities are in Asia .
Looking at a fast-growing city like Houston , Texas , we can see the real effect of the urban heat island .
Even as temperatures have risen , heat-related deaths have decreased , owing to improved health care , access to medical facilities , and air-conditioning .
The other award winner , former US Vice President Al Gore , has spent much more time telling us what to fear .
Gore told the world in his Academy Award-winning movie -LRB- recently labeled `` one-sided '' and containing `` scientific errors '' by a British judge -RRB- to expect 20-foot sea-level rises over this century .
Gore also takes no notice of research showing that Greenland 's temperatures were higher in 1941 than they are today .
However , the only scientific study showing any such thing indicates that four polar bears drowned because of a storm .
However , the contrast between this year 's Nobel winners could not be sharper .
For example , in Argentina , Costa Rica , and Mexico -LRB- where a closed list , placement mandates , and strict compliance are in force -RRB- , there is an assurance that if a party wins three seats in a district , a women will occupy at least one of the seats .
This is simply incorrect : the IPCC 's Nobel Peace Prize-winning scientists are `` policy neutral . ''
In democracies , we debate how much to spend on different initiatives , knowing that we do n't have infinite resources , and that sometimes throwing more money at the problem is n't the best answer .
This year 's storms in central and southern China produced the worst winter weather in a half-century .
The EU believes it is showing the way , but if the world follows the Union , it seems that we are more likely simply to become lost .
Their goal was to create a prioritized list showing how money could best be spent combating these problems .
The US could provide leadership by committing to spending 0.05 % of its GDP exploring non-carbon-emitting energy technologies -- wind , wave , or solar power -- or capturing CO2 emissions from power plants .
We would have enough resources to win the war against hunger , end conflicts , stop communicable diseases , provide clean drinking water , broaden educational access , and halt climate change .
Portugal could produce wine cheaply , whereas Great Britain could produce cloth much more cheaply than wine .
By selling cloth and buying wine , Great Britain obtains more of both , as does Portugal .
It is , again , worse than we thought , and , despite our failing models , we will gamble on knowing just what to do : cut CO2 emissions dramatically .
It has warmed about 1 ° C -LRB- 1.8 ° F -RRB- over the past century , and is predicted by the United Nations ' climate panel -LRB- IPCC -RRB- to warm between 1.6-3 .8 ° C -LRB- 2.9-6 .8 ° F -RRB- during this century , mainly owing to increased CO2 .
Another part is that the so-called Arctic Oscillation of wind patterns over the Arctic Ocean is now in a state that it does not allow build-up of old ice , but immediately flushes most ice into the North Atlantic .
But Emmanuel has now published a new study showing that even in a dramatically warming world , hurricane frequency and intensity may not substantially rise during the next two centuries .
A good illustration is Denmark , which early on provided huge subsidies for wind power , building thousands of inefficient turbines around the country from the 1980 's onwards .
Today , it is often remarked that Denmark is providing every third terrestrial wind turbine in the world , creating billions in income and jobs .
A few years ago , however , the Danish Economic Council conducted a full evaluation of the wind turbine industry , taking into account not only its beneficial effects on jobs and production , but also the subsidies that it receives .
Not surprisingly , the leading Danish wind producer is today urging strong action on climate change that would imply even more sales of wind turbines .
We 've seen record drought , spreading famine , and storms that are growing stronger with each passing hurricane season . ''
But even for oft-cited Bangladesh , scientists just this year showed that the country grows by 20 square kilometers each year , because river sedimentation win out over rising sea levels .
Finally , it is simply wrong to say that storms are growing stronger every hurricane season .
The number of lives lost in heat waves will increase , but the number of deaths saved in winter will grow much more rapidly : warming will have a more dramatic effect on minimum temperatures in winter than on maximum temperatures in summer .
Coal keeps hospitals and core infrastructure running , provides warmth and light in winter , and makes life-saving air conditioning available in summer .
Solar and wind power appear to be acceptable , but both are much less reliable than coal , and much more expensive .
One reason is that we do n't know how to store the energy from these sources : when the wind does n't blow and the sun does n't shine , what powers your computer or the hospital 's operating room ?
Recently , former US Vice President Al Gore and United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon claimed that , `` in the US , there are now more jobs in the wind industry than in the entire coal industry . ''
The US gets 50 % of its electricity from coal but less than 0.5 % from wind .
If it takes about the same manpower to produce both , wind power is phenomenally more expensive .
Measures that consistently over-promise and under-achieve at vast cost do not win hearts and minds in the best of times .
Is it treason to question throwing huge sums of money at a policy that will do virtually no good in a hundred years ?
Green and Galiana examine the state of non-carbon-based energy today -- nuclear , wind , solar , geothermal , etc. -- and find that , taken together , alternative energy sources would get us less than halfway toward a path of stable carbon emissions by 2050 , and only a tiny fraction of the way toward stabilization by 2100 .
Current technology is so inefficient that -- to take just one example -- if we were serious about wind power , we would have to blanket most countries with wind turbines to generate enough energy for everybody , and we would still have the massive problem of storage : we do n't know what to do when the wind does n't blow .
Compare this to other analyses showing that strong and immediate carbon cuts would be expensive , yet achieve as little as $ 0.02 of avoided climate damage .
An oft-repeated claim is that Denmark -- where politicians will meet in December to negotiate a successor to the Kyoto Protocol -- receives one-fifth of its power from wind , making it by far the highest share in the world .
Denmark is presented as a model for the rest of the world to follow , evidence that green job creation has been proven easy , and that wind power has been shown to be a cheap alternative .
But the reality , revealed by a recent study by the Danish Center for Political Studies , is that less than 10 % of the Denmark 's electricity demand is met by wind , because much of the power is produced when there is no demand and is sold at very low cost to other countries .
The Danish wind industry is nearly completely dependent on taxpayer subsidies to support a modest workforce .
Each new wind-power job costs the Danish taxpayer at least $ 119,000 -LRB- ¤ 81,000 -RRB- per year .
The government subsidy has shifted employment to less productive employment in the wind industry , meaning that Danish GDP is approximately $ 270 million lower than it would be if the wind-sector workforce was employed elsewhere .
The report concludes bluntly , `` No Danish wind industry to speak of would exist if it had to compete on market terms . ''
Together , wind and solar energy supply a tiny fraction -- less than 0.6 % -- of the world 's entire energy needs .
First , direct-current lines need to be constructed to carry solar and wind energy from the areas of highest sunshine and wind speeds to the areas where most people live .
Second , storage needs to be invented so that when the sun does n't shine , and the wind does n't blow , the world still gets power .
Indeed , according to Chris Green and Isabel Galiana of McGill University , even with these breakthroughs , the intermittency and variability in wind and solar energy means that they are unlikely to be able to supply much more than 10-15 % of grid-based electricity without massive investment in such storage systems .
As the Copenhagen Consensus , as well as the World Bank recently advocated , R&D investments on the order of $ 100 billion a year will be needed if wind and other alternative technologies are to become truly viable .
The Center convened an expert panel of five of the world 's leading economists , including three Nobel Prize winners , to consider all of the new research and identify the best -- and worst -- options .
This may explain recent polling data showing that public concern about global warming has declined precipitously in the last three years .
And in Germany , Der Spiegel magazine reported survey results showing that only 42 % feared global warming , compared with 62 % in 2006 .
This is especially interesting since it fundamentally rejects one of the most harrowing scenes from Al Gore 's movie An Inconvenient Truth .
The IPCC report makes it clear that exaggerations of this magnitude have no basis in science -- though clearly they frightened people and perhaps will win Gore an Academy Award .
Following years of mismanagement and reckless lending , the bank was the first big victim of the commercial property market 's decline in 1990 .
In 1994 , when I became State Secretary for Financial Affairs in Sweden 's Ministry of Finance , recovery appeared to be on the horizon , following the abolition of the fixed exchange rate , the ensuing sharp depreciation of the Krona , and lower interest rates .
The following lessons of Sweden 's experience seem relevant today :
Of course , Europe 's growing irrelevance is not entirely self-inflicted .
All of this Internet activity is but the tip of the iceberg of a new and growing global human-tissue economy .
Today , her life is much worse than before , because medical complications following the operation make it difficult for her to work .
Expert in internal repression but utterly incompetent in military strategy , Saddam Hussein thinks that he can fight and win .
Of course , US forces had better equipment , but well-trained forces can sometimes offset technical disadvantages to score kills if not to win .
Fortunately , they were not beaten or buried alive for not showing up for their shift , as has happened to others .
But the jailing of Liu also demonstrates in the starkest terms that China 's neglect of human rights is flowing to the rest of world alongside the mass of Chinese goods .
Weak states , of course , tend to be cynical about China 's growing might .
The problem is that the global economic crisis has led even advanced Western states to question the wisdom of allowing the political civilization of human rights to interfere with the quest to restore economic growth .
Ai 's arrest and disappearance , along with the severe prison sentence imposed on the Noble Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo , are driven by the same motivation : to dam the potential for political unrest and purge independent intellectuals .
BUENOS AIRES -- Latin America is experiencing an exceptional boom , owing to soaring income from exports of natural resources .
To determine what should be done with this windfall , it is important to know whether the increase in commodity prices is likely to be permanent or transitory .
Given this , it would be wise to spend at least part of the windfall on improving the capacity to innovate , which is essential for a long-term growth beyond the fluctuation of international commodity prices .
Both were necessary , but , with few exceptions , the region is not using the commodity windfall to do what it must : improve technological capacities sufficiently to ensure that future economic growth does not depend entirely on the fickle furtunes of finite natural resources .
During the post-Kobe reconstruction period , world demand was buoyant and global productivity surged , owing to China 's gathering boom , America 's information-technology and communications revolution , and political and economic convergence in Europe .
Japan 's disasters will add to the global economy 's headwinds -- be they the impact of the initial fall in consumption in the world 's third-largest economy , or disruptions to global supply chains -LRB- particularly in technology and autos -RRB- .
There is also a financial angle , the importance of which depends on the mix of new government borrowing , debt monetization , and repatriation of Japanese savings that is used to fund Japan 's reconstruction program .
By contrast , imagine Turkey , a more advanced member state of the Organization of the Islamic Conference , allowing free expression of Kurdish language and culture .
It is to be hoped that Barack Obama , should he win America 's presidency , will recall the tolerant Indonesia where he grew up and shape policies toward it accordingly .
How will he manage the growing middle class 's expectations of better infrastructure , expanded access to health care and education , uninterrupted electricity and water supplies , and more efficient transport facilities ?
But the growing conviction that tomorrow will be better will keep India 's polity stable .
It is natural for the world to be alarmed by Asia 's growing appetite for energy .
India ranks fifth in the world in total production of wind power and third in terms of wind power added in 2008 .
Suzlon Energy , an Indian company started in 1995 with just 20 people , has become one of the world 's leading wind power companies , with offices in 21 countries .
Moreover , China is the world leader in total renewable energy capacity , small hydroelectric capacity , and the use of solar hot water heaters ; second for wind power added in 2008 -LRB- ahead of Germany and Spain -RRB- ; and third in total ethanol production .
Given Asia 's growing influence , the world should pay attention -- and may have much to gain .
Drawing on the positive aspects of the Asian way suggests the possibility of more inclusive decision-making in the institutions of global governance .
China 's decision to browbeat the Japanese into submission over the fishing trawler , suggests that China may be throwing Deng 's geopolitical caution out the window .
These new billions do seem to demonstrate renewed government resolve , but is throwing money at the war on terror enough ?
The mounting expenses of servicing the growing national debt , combined with the skyrocketing costs of Social Security and Medicare as the 78-million-strong baby-boom generation retires , will leave less money for American initiatives abroad .
I was , in fact , more preoccupied with the `` gray zone '' in which I saw a kind of rainbow zone of truth , allowing me to search beyond undifferentiated darkness for individual features , and thus to introduce in the apparent uniformity of the extreme situation unsettling nuances .
Cliché was the common currency of all Communist dictatorships , but they had the opposite effect to what the regime intended , for they cast an aura of forbidden fruit around the slandered New World metropolis , making it seem a glowing Olympus of modernity , an urban Everest of adventure .
The builders of the twin towers , whatever their native tongues , wanted to be Americans , citizens of the New World , the towers they built symbolizing the stature of freedom .
From my window , I watched the Rubbish Gangster : shaven head , bull neck , and swollen nose , from which dangled mucus-incrusted strands of hair , his short arms bursting with criminal power .
`` It is snowing butterflies that have escaped from a prophet 's head . ''
Communism 's fall unleashed a huge surge of human energy , but this started with a bizarre and cynical transfer of privileges and assets within the old `` nomenklatura , '' and with a new general Darwinian struggle .
When I visited Barcelona and Madrid last year , I was delighted to receive enthusiastic news about the successes of the growing Romanian community in these cities .
Liberated from the complexity of knowing too much about the cruel past , the young people of Eastern Europe 's post-communist generation seem uninterested in what their parents and grandparents endured .
In 2006 , the Nobel Prize-winning German author Günter Grass 's disclosed that , 60 years earlier , he was , as a teenager , a member of the Waffen-SS . Similarly , a few years ago , the world was shocked to learn that famous Italian writer Ignazio Silone had , in his youth , collaborated with the fascist police .
But I faced a new surprise the following week , when , on the same TV program , the hostess was rather passive towards her guest , a militant journalist turned mercenary journalist , as he confessed his admiration for Corneliu Zelea Codreanu , the `` Captain '' of the Iron Guard , the far-right Orthodox terrorist organization of the pre-war years .
But , today , an erudite , westernized lawyer like Jinnah who is n't a wadhera or a jagirdar would find it impossible to win a popular election in Pakistan .
This paranoid Islam , represented by hard-line outfits like the Tablighi Jamaat , is Pakistan 's fastest-growing brand of faith .
When describing his conquest of Chanderi in 1528 , Babar offers gruesome details of the gory slaughter of many `` infidels '' but just a few sentences later he talks at length about Chanderi 's lakes , flowing streams , and sweet water .
That must be the ultimate goal , and step one in the long , winding battle to save Pakistan .
In a particularly poignant story , a young man convinces his partner to have an abortion , viewing their unborn child as a hindrance to the status quo .
Was it a failure of discipline and training - the result of sending inexperienced and unworldly reservists into poor conditions , abruptly extending their deployments , and then leaving them understaffed in the face of a growing influx of captured insurgents ?
While resources for climate-change adaptation and mitigation may have different fiscal origins from more traditional development resources , it would be damaging to keep them separate in their use : from agriculture , construction , and power to technology and deforestation , the simple fact is that development , adaptation , and mitigation are often inextricably intertwined .
The PLA has spent an inordinate amount of its rapidly growing resources in areas that give it an asymmetrical advantage , such as electronic warfare and human intelligence .
It has a nuclear first - and second-strike capability ; its own satellite communications systems ; increasingly sophisticated and numerous aircraft and war ships ; a rapidly growing economy to sustain high levels of military investment ; as well as its own political and diplomatic points of leverage at places like the UN .
But , as the rising tide of tax evasion suggests , these mechanisms amount only to a cat game of and mouse problem -- and the mice , it seems , are winning .
However , taxable income in the sector is still growing at a slower rate than gross income as measured by national accounts .
Mayors across Europe , however , have responded more moderately , feeling and showing solidarity with the plight of their French colleagues .
Debt and America 's Decline MILAN -- Italians and other Europeans have serious problems addressing their own national debts , public and private , so it may seem immodest for a European to discuss America 's growing and grave debt problem .
The US went from owing $ 3 billion -LRB- mostly to Great Britain -RRB- to being a net creditor for about the same amount , thanks to $ 6 billion in war credits given to the Western Allies .
ANN ARBOR -- The quality of refereeing at the World Cup had been a source of relief until June 18 , when referee Koman Coulibaly of Mali disallowed a perfectly legitimate goal by the United States that would have given it an all-important win over Slovenia .
Such episodes , after all , are increasingly part of the public domain , owing to new media that have rendered the game even more global than it was .
Patient depositors no longer need to worry about others withdrawing their funds because it has no effect on them .
Following that crisis , deposit insurance in the US was reformed with the objective of mitigating the moral hazard problem .
After all , there are no instruments to enforce strict rules at the global level , and the unwinding of today 's global imbalances -- led by some revaluation of the renminbi and China 's shift to a growth model based on stronger domestic demand -- might be only a matter of time .
Germany is by far the largest EU exporter to China , whose trade significance , though nowhere close to that of Germany 's eurozone partners , is growing fast .
Africa 's towns and cities have been growing at some of the world 's fastest rates , but their absolute size is so small that they can absorb only a fraction of all new workers .
Consequently , Africa 's rural population has been growing faster and for longer than any other in human history , with a correspondingly rapid and prolonged decline in per-capita endowments of land and other natural resources .
As seen earlier in Asia , the slowdown in rural population growth and the reduced burden of childcare creates a window of opportunity for new investment to bring larger year-on-year increases in output per capita .
Taken together , African politics , demography , and the delayed arrival of new technologies imposed severe headwinds against per-capita growth of agricultural output in the last quarter of the twentieth century .
But , looking forward , as these headwinds fade , faster growth and poverty alleviation are becoming easier to achieve .
Fortunately , a growing arsenal of solutions is available through local innovations that are increasingly well adapted to Africa 's unique needs .
One consequence of this is that most Japanese voters nowadays are swing voters with no party loyalty .
Should the LDP win a simple majority , the new administration would still face a hung Diet , owing to the DPJ 's control of the Upper House .
The mandarins have maintained their privileged position in this regard , owing partly to the tax system , which prevents the emergence of non-profit institutions , especially think tanks , where independent policy expertise can be forged .
Indeed , there is growing concern on both sides of the Pacific that Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama intends to turn away from the declining US hegemon and reach out to a rising China .
Ozawa 's political style is that of his mentor , former Prime Minister Kakuei Tanaka -LRB- 1972-1974 -RRB- , who became the longtime boss of the biggest faction of the former ruling Liberal Democratic Party -LRB- LDP -RRB- after his resignation following bribery charges .
Instead , Koizumi appealed to an electoral majority comprising urban and suburban swing voters .
But Ozawa remains combative , hinting that the two sides are engaged in a grudge match -- and knowing that his faction can intervene through the ruling DPJ to shake up the personnel , budget , and operations of the prosecutor 's office .
Indeed , Japanese Sumo circles are now facing growing public infamy , causing many Japanese to wonder if the country , after 20 years of stagnation , is capable of purifying itself .
Even if Kan had failed to win the upper-house election , the mandarins would have faced a weakened DPJ .
But the same strategies that work for developing nanotechnology applications will not help answer the growing list of questions about its possible impact that governments and industry are asking today .
In the global race for nanotechnology leadership , the winners will be those who understand the risks and support the research necessary to minimize them .
A demonstration by Nigerian Muslims in Kano against the US war in Afghanistan provoked stone throwing by Nigerian Christians .
They could begin that long process by taking the following steps :
African countries that were locked out of international capital markets for most of the past five decades have largely been spared the twin woes of financial turmoil and economic downturn .
Africa faces a crisis of leadership and governance , owing to a dysfunctional ethos .
Sun 's core belief is that the `` ultimate excellence lies not in winning every battle but in defeating the enemy without ever fighting . ''
In trying to depict its current dealings with Africa as `` win-win '' cooperation , China deliberately seeks to portray Africa 's current relations with the West as exploitative .
What the Chinese are silent about is that their country 's growing engagement in Africa has created both opportunities and risks for African development .
Although China 's trade , foreign direct investment -LRB- FDI -RRB- , and aid may broaden Africa 's growth options , they also promote what can only be called a win-lose situation .
The level of Chinese FDI flowing into Africa at present is staggering .
Given the heavy volume of concessionary loans provided by China , concern about African countries ' future debt burden is growing .
In 1990 , Houphouet-Boigny appointed Alassane Ouattara , the governor of the Central Bank of the West African States , as Prime Minister to fix Ivory Coast 's growing economic problems .
The independent electoral commission endorsed by the international community declared Ouattara the winner .
But the entry into Africa of fast-growing economies such as China , India , South Korea , Turkey , Brazil , and Malaysia reflects a shifting balance of power and the inception of a model of cooperation based on trade , investment , and technology transfer -- in sharp contrast to French neo-colonial politics .
At the start of the era of decolonization , British Prime Minister Harold MacMillan famously said that `` the winds of change '' were blowing across Africa .
Another such wind is blowing today .
Annual growth of 1.2 % in the agricultural sector , which employs 60 % of the population , can not provide for a population that is growing at more than twice that rate .
These are just a few examples of the vast misuse of the country 's resources , owing to the marked preference of Senegal 's elite to use import licenses to build up their own fortunes rather than develop import-substitution industries .
But the debtor countries are nonetheless obliged to service these debts by whatever means necessary , including more borrowing and further entanglement , leading to further impoverishment .
The celebrated pipeline between Chad and Cameroon caused water pollution , devastated pygmies ' hunting grounds , destroyed harvests , and spread AIDS - perhaps the inevitable result of ill-educated migrant workers toiling thousands of miles from home , with a horde of prostitutes following them .
After all , the West is now paying a high price for allowing the ordinary people of the Middle East to live for so long in hopeless squalor while their rulers wallowed in oil wealth .
Second , creditors may retaliate by withdrawing subsequent lending .
But only policies that privilege social justice and economic development can win the fight against terrorism definitively .
Europe , Asia , and , increasingly , Latin America , are showing that regional integration provides the healthiest path to development .
China is winning goodwill across the continent by tapping into shared anti-colonial resentments -- and by treating the continent seriously .
Trade figures tell a similar story of growing influence .
In declaring that Egypt was an Arab republic , President Gamel Abdel Nasser was falsifying history , erasing 3000 years of a culture neatly intertwined with black Africa .
For this reason , Africa is following Sudan 's evolution with intense interest -- and is eager to see this country `` at the heart and crossroads of Africa '' give substance to al-Nimeiry 's vision .
In particular , slowing global economic demand poses daunting challenges for many Asian economies , especially those that are more dependent on export-led growth .
While most Asian countries have had relatively limited direct exposure to mortgage-related assets , deleveraging by foreign investors and slowing external demand have simultaneously created tighter credit conditions and lower expectations for growth .
In order to maintain strong economic growth in America , we need a strong , growing Asia , just as Asia 's success depends on a thriving US .
But we must guard against the re-emergence of significant imbalances , which means , in part , assuring the exchange-rate flexibility that must play a critical role in allowing needed economic adjustments to occur .
What we do not need are forests of reports going to supervisors who appear to devote ample resources to ensuring they arrive on time but fewer on interpreting their content and drawing the relevant conclusions .
The movie depicted a large space station , a winged space shuttle , a lunar base , and astronauts on a trip to the outer solar system .
When the shuttle is retired around 2010 , NASA will replace it with an old-fashioned spacecraft with no wings at all .
But none of this proved necessary , owing to remarkable advances in robotics , solid-state electronics , imaging , data collection , and communication .
Depression thus leads to changes in the rest of the body , owing to long-term chemical imbalances in the systems that control the heart , the immune system , and metabolism .
In a rapidly growing developing country whose financial system is still immature , introducing exchange-rate flexibility in order to insulate domestic macroeconomic policy from the ebb and flow of international payments , as the IMF advocates , is an even more questionable strategy .
True , China 's economy is now growing robustly and is not likely to face actual deflation anytime soon , but if China does fall into a zero-interest rate trap , the PBC , like the BOJ , would be unable to offset deflationary pressure in the event of a large exchange-rate appreciation .
Consider the following .
Advocates of traumatic amnesia misconstrue these reports as showing that victims are unable to remember the horrific event itself .
Walking that long , winding road to Europe has helped a weak new nation to strengthen and survive .
Moreover , those women who do reach higher-ranking positions are susceptible to a visibility-vulnerability spiral , owing to their minority status .
A decisive pro-women strategy would thus create new momentum for Europe , allowing it to compete with the United States and Asia .
According to the Dutch historians Tine de Moor and Jan Luyten van Zanden , the early break with patriarchy in Europe in the late Middle-Ages -LRB- 1200-1500 -RRB- accounts for the rise of capitalism and growing prosperity in the Western World .
Of course , the demand generated by Chinese credit also fosters economic growth , but mostly in China , owing to booming exports to the US .
On the other hand , if the protagonists are patient , the winds of democracy could lead to a stronger constitution , free of the risks of economic and judicial nightmare that some aspects of the present draft entail .
Not only did Sarkozy win the presidency with 53 % of the vote , but his approval rating has since soared , to 62 % , after he formed an inclusive government with high-ranking recruits from the opposition .
While voters denied the UMP a landslide victory in the second round , its overall win meant that the governing party retained its legislative majority for the first time in 29 years .
In the days following his election , Sarkozy brought France `` back to Europe , '' reinvigorating the Franco-German partnership and giving decisive support to German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's campaign to revive the European Union 's draft constitutional treaty .
The United States is deeply concerned , following the minimal results of its `` strategic economic dialogue '' with China in May , and Congress is threatening tough protectionist measures .
It remains to be seen whether the two events will be capable of swinging world opinion in China 's favor and keeping it there .
While it has been making slow but steady progress , its future is clouded by worsening water shortages ; though it straddles the Yellow River , the water table is dwindling fast .
Trouble seems more likely to come from growing concern in the West over climate change .
Then there are rising tensions over plans by the United States to based a missile defense system in Poland and the Czech Republic , as well as the growing likelihood that further NATO enlargement will include Georgia , the increasingly prosperous neighbor with which Russia has fractious relations .
Both are threatened by Islamic extremism and growing unrest .
Extending an olive branch to Russia will have little or no voter appeal in most EU countries , and Putin 's efforts to retain power de facto if not de jure after Medvedev wins his likely victory next March are certain to make matters worse .
The other four posts will probably be decided as part of a package deal , owing to the need to achieve some sort of balance .
The most conservative estimate , by Eurostat , the EU 's statistical agency , puts the total number of newcomers to Europe between now and 2050 at 40 million . Inevitably , that sort of influx will ensure that Europe 's already vociferous right-wing extremist politicians win even greater support .
Stubbornly high youth unemployment , along with Europe 's dwindling numbers of school-leavers , is already canceling out the positive effects of immigration .
There is a growing awareness in Europe that the crisis is set to re-shape our industrial base , as Asian countries take over from the EU and the United States many of their advanced technology fiefdoms .
But it is also the EU 's growing complexity that is at the root of voters ' waning enthusiasm , so their indifference is a matter for serious concern .
Chirac and Schröder gave a foretaste of what that means in practice when they made a joint proposal that the EU be led by a twin-presidency : a European Council president -LRB- chosen by the heads of government -RRB- , and a Commission president -LRB- elected by the European parliament -RRB- .
Wars always have winners and losers .
But when it comes to offense , or most important missions - building democracy , promoting a political transformation agenda , and winning the hearts and minds of millions of ordinary people in the region - remain buried deep in bureaucracy , deprived of the necessary leadership , attention , and resources .
Left-wing pacifism tends to overlook this simple fact .
Silvio Berlusconi , the leader of the right-wing alliance , will win his third election -LRB- he has also lost twice -RRB- , while the vote for the Senate is expected to produce a draw .
This leadership will be needed , because , regardless of who wins the US presidential election , the next American administration is bound to ask for greater EU participation in addressing international conflicts .
Born as a `` plastic party '' to unite a gamut of political forces following the implosion of the Christian Democrats in 1994 , Berlusconi 's Forza Italia showed itself to be a very cunningly structured movement , with a strong and stable consensus among its members on core doctrine .
In this election , Berlusconi decided to open the door to Gianfranco Fini 's right-wing National Alliance , with which he founded a new group , People of Freedom -- the only party allied with Umberto Bossi 's Northern League -- in an effort to ensure that the government is backed by an even stronger and more cohesive core party .
Berlusconi , the head of a diversified media empire -LRB- television , radio , press , Internet , movies , advertising , and books -RRB- , decided to establish a political party at a time when he believed that post-communists could win power otherwise .
But will it be able to deal with a brewing political crisis , too ? The answer is likely to be as paradoxical as Italian politics : temporarily definitive .
First , when reforming their own domestic regulatory frameworks , they should avoid dramatic swings away from allegedly rational markets to allegedly rational governments .
While successful twentieth-century insurgencies developed some degree of hierarchy and a political wing , the Iraq insurgency remains a loose , amorphous network .
The good news for those who desire stability and democracy in Iraq is that an amorphous , disorganized , and nihilistic insurgency can not `` win '' in the traditional sense of replacing the government and forming a new regime .
To allow them to win would be to accept the supremacy of evil .
To encourage China to take the lead in fostering national reconciliation in Burma , the international community must convince China that pushing for reform and change can be a win-win proposition .
While the Iraq quagmire has made it difficult for America to project force around the world , America 's growing debt , conflicts with friends and enemies alike , absence of any perceivable strategy for changing times , and its political system 's seeming inability to take action to address these challenges have combined to turn America into a struggling giant .
Given their growing footprints on global economics , politics , and the environment , it is now impossible to imagine any major international agreement without China , Japan , and India on board .
Despite the growing promise of a multi-polar world with Asian powers playing a greater role in addressing global challenges and sharing leadership with a weary US , that world does not yet exist .
But merely joining conversations or showing up for meetings is not enough .
Given its growing profile , China must do far more to demonstrate its bona fides as a responsible global leader or risk undermining the system that has enabled its own miraculous rise .
By failing to reach out meaningfully to the Tamil-speaking minority , and by cracking down on opposition voices and any kind of dissent in Sri Lanka , the government is throwing away a once-in-a-generation opportunity .
Rajapaksa 's victory in the presidential election this past January , followed in April by a win for his United People 's Freedom Alliance in parliamentary elections , ensured a majority for the president and his party .
Those of us covering Eastern Europe knew that Solidarity would win .
Border guards , receiving no instructions and not knowing what else to do , opened them up .
A giant crane strained to lift a 12-foot-high slab , yanking it back and forth like some dinosaur gnawing its prey .
We knew our heroes would win .
As Havel finished , a light snow began to fall and , as if on cue , his listeners took their places . One by one , in single-file , hand in hand , they began to march toward Wenceslas Square , more than a mile and a half away , following a rickety horse-drawn cart bedecked with the wings of angels .
Still the procession came , weaving through the snow , everyone swinging their arms , skipping , happy , joyous .
Less well known , but following the same pattern , are efforts being mounted to question studies documenting the adverse health effects of exposure to lead , mercury , vinyl chloride , chromium , beryllium , benzene , and a long list of pesticides and other toxic chemicals .
Will Ukrainian society maintain its right to choose its representatives , or will a so-called `` managed democracy '' win out , with power transferred back and forth within small circles of oligarchic clans ?
As a result of the policies initiated in 2000 , and particularly the struggle against oligarchic omnipotence , Ukraine 's economy has been growing for five years in a row .
During the Round Table negotiations that brought about the end of communist rule , a compromise was reached between the reform wing of the communist government and Solidarity . This cleared a path to the peaceful dismantling of communist dictatorship throughout the entire Soviet bloc .
Solidarity adopted a philosophy of compromise rather than revenge , and embraced the idea of a Poland for everyone rather than a state divided between omnipotent winners and oppressed losers .
Every successful revolution creates winners and losers .
There is also a discussion about how best to reform taxation of the financial sector , which is on average lighter relative to other corporate income and unduly favors borrowing over equity financing .
If it is privately financed , swindlers will be encouraged to free-ride on honest bankers .
But the demand side was heavily regulated , owing to a rule that clubs could field no more than two foreign players in any single game .
Yet this has arguably been accompanied by improved quality in the game itself , owing to what economists call `` increasing returns to scale . ''
Poorer or smaller countries can hardly dream of winning a European championship , as Steaua -LRB- Romania -RRB- , Red Star -LRB- Serbia -RRB- , or Nottingham Forest -LRB- now languishing in the English third division -RRB- once did .
The average winning margin among the top eight World Cup national teams has steadily decreased , from more than two goals in the 1950 's , to about 1.5 goals in the 1960 's , 1970 's and 1980 's , and only 0.88 goals in the 2002 World Cup .
The decrease in winning margins is all the more impressive because the World Cup has grown from 16 to 32 national teams -- many of them new and rather inexperienced .
But one little noticed , yet likely , aspirant has been sneaking up on the world economy : the growing tendency to limit the free circulation of people , to `` fence in '' the rich world .
Rather than poor countries growing faster than the rich -LRB- as we would expect from Economics 101 -RRB- , mainly the reverse is true .
`` If there is a Codex standard , '' she points out , `` one country can not file a challenge -LRB- for unfair trade practices -RRB- against another country which is following the Codex standard .
Morally , this is no different from permitting the construction of an unsafe dam or knowingly administering a contaminated vaccine .
The incidence of malaria could be reduced drastically by the judicious application of the mosquito-killing chemical DDT , but UN and national regulators have curtailed its availability , owing to misguided notions about its toxicity .
The number of new cases of tuberculosis cases worldwide is increasing , and the growing emergence of multidrug-resistant strains of the bacteria is especially worrisome .
These include growth-hormone deficiency of unknown cause or as a result of impairment of the pituitary gland 's ability to produce the hormone , owing to traumatic injury or irradiation to treat cancer .
Growing hundreds of crops , virtually all of which have been genetically improved , the practitioners of `` conventional '' agriculture in North America meticulously developed strategies for preventing pollen cross-contamination in the field -- when and if it is necessary for commercial reasons .
Intensive animal husbandry procedures that place billions of poultry and swine in close proximity to humans , combined with unsanitary conditions , poverty , and grossly inadequate public health infrastructure of all kinds , make it unlikely that a pandemic can be prevented or contained at the source .
An occasional dusting of window frames and doorframes is extremely effective .
Bill Gates 's experts seem not to know that ; the foundation 's annual letter contains the following single mention of DDT : `` The world hoped in the 1950s and 1960s that -LRB- malaria -RRB- could be eliminated by killing mosquitoes with DDT , but that tactic failed when the mosquitoes evolved to be resistant to the chemical . ''
In the short term , it is essential to prevent economic overheating : annual real GDP growth exceeded 10 % in 2010 , owing to expansionary fiscal and monetary policies and favorable terms of trade .
But , it is important that the government make a determined start by picking some `` quick wins '' to gain credibility with Brazilians and global markets alike .
But this window of opportunity must not be wasted if Brazil is to consolidate and build upon its current successes .
And only three trials -- all conducted in Europe -- used sham acupuncture as a control , whereas no acupuncture trials controlled with placebos or sham acupuncture have been reported in China , owing to high cultural barriers .
Following this commitment , improper criticism of Switzerland and its legal system , and also various threats to put Switzerland on a so-called `` black list , '' should end .
Moreover , reliance on the Nehru\/Gandhi name prevents the party from addressing its malaise because many party leaders still think that they can rely on the old magic to win .
A growing share of undocumented immigration into the expanded Union already comes from this region .
Inflows of skilled labor from the east and south can offset Europe 's growing demographic imbalances .
At the onset of the US-led war in Iraq , two competing views shaped predictions about the outcome . The first contended that overthrowing Saddam Hussein 's regime would usher in a democratic era in Iraq that would serve as a model and catalyst for democratic change regionally .
So it appears that Iraqis are showing greater attachment to their national identity and are supportive of a non-sectarian approach to government .
Thirty years after the Islamic revolution , Iranians are growing demonstrably less religious and more liberal .
In this , Khamenei was following the lead of the late Shah , who kept Amir Abbas Hoveyda , a loyal retainer , as prime minister from 1965 until the Shah was overthrown in 1979 .
Given his role in justifying electoral fraud , this argument seems like an effort to buy time to clear the streets of demonstrators , put opposition leaders under severe physical and psychological stress , and isolate Mir Hossein Mousavi , the presumed winner of the real vote .
A growing population dilutes not only the accumulation of physical capital , but also human capital .
Our goal is to facilitate the spread of good policy and practice , allowing countries to learn from a variety of approaches and to understand which ones might work in their own context .
The gap between the respective qualities of China 's economic and scientific elites , on the one hand , and its ruling political elites , on the other , is simply too monumental -- and still growing -- for stability to be taken for granted .
As in 2002 , the winner next year will be whomever the electorate dislikes or fears less .
We were burying the collective dream of intellectuals and democrats for a Russia where freedom and the rule of law would , after a long and cold Soviet winter , take root and bloom .
As long as the oil money keeps flowing , most Russians will express no nostalgia for the democratic opening of the Yeltsin years , with its accompanying combination of chaos , corruption , international weakness , and disrespect for the state .
Chinese cynicism and spontaneous selfishness , however , is now tempered by what they perceive as growing recognition of their unique status .
Royal may have presented herself as a `` post-modern '' politician , but it is a `` classical '' politician who seems to be winning .
On the left , the social democratic wing of the Socialist party , which backed Dominique Strauss-Kahn against Royal , may be tempted to align with Bayrou , too , owing to the prospect of a post-electoral alliance between the center left and the center right .
Following Lionel Jospin 's humiliating defeat in 2002 , the Socialists simply would not survive a second consecutive failure to reach the second round .
Four winners and one clear loser emerged from the first round .
The first winner is democracy .
The second winner is undeniably and by far Nicolas Sarkozy .
His strategy to attract the electorates of Jean Marie Le Pen 's extreme right , proved to be a winning one .
The third winner , though she is mathematically in a much less favorable position , is Segolène Royal .
In order to have a serious chance to win , she has to transform the second ballot into a referendum against Nicolas Sarkozy .
The fourth winner , though his absence from the second ballot is a disappointment for him , is François Bayrou .
It is one thing for Russia and China to exploit America 's growing difficulties from Gaza to Kabul ; but it is quite another if the situation deteriorates to the point of general destabilization in the region .
A prominent neo-conservative , he seemed to me something of a Bolshevik of democracy , owing to his unshakeable confidence in the validity of his vision .
The Alliance is `` up '' for one key reason : the warming of France 's relations with the US following Nicolas Sarkozy 's election as French president .
Second , one can not speak of NATO without noting that the Alliance 's twin pillars -- Europe and the US -- are not in great shape .
By withdrawing from NATO 's integrated military command , France excluded itself from political decision-making within the Alliance and thus became the equivalent of the `` Harkis '' -- the local soldiers who served with the French army during the Algerian war : fine soldiers , but with virtually no reward for their service .
Sarkozy has also fully integrated into France 's approach to Europe a reckoning with the new balance of power within the European Union following the accession of Eastern European states .
Confronted with disaster in Iraq , the risk of Afghanistan following Iraq into chaos , and the escalating crisis with Iran , the US can no longer treat the NATO allies with disdain .
Reconciling the United States with itself and the world should thus be the twin priorities for America 's next president .
It is not confidence that dominates Davos 2008 , but rather a sense of impotence , if not bewilderment , at the world 's growing complexity .
From formal debates and informal schmoozing with fellow members of the Davos crowd , one gets a sense of who the American establishment favors to win the next presidential election -LRB- Hillary Clinton -RRB- , predictions for the upcoming referendum in Ireland on the European `` simplified '' treaty -LRB- it will be very close -RRB- , and French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's international image -LRB- not good -RRB- .
Such a return further underlines a growing skepticism about the market and its key actors ' infectious and dangerous greed .
The EU has lately failed -- far more than NATO has -- not only to win hearts , but also to convince Europeans that in a global world , it is part of the solution , not part of the problem .
Sarkozy misjudged the balance of power between France and China , and France came out of that diplomatic episode badly bruised , with its president swallowing his human rights claims and bending to the diktat of realpolitik .
Or is a latter-day Yalta Conference , aimed at redrawing the political boundaries of Europe , necessary ?
Otherwise , and for very different reasons , a majority of Asian elites are awaiting the growing possibility of an Obama victory with some bewilderment and even apprehension .
Will the spirit of hope that brought Obama to power triumph over the winds of economic and social despair , or will fear in the West of the looming global recession spread to Asia and destabilize its giants , China and India ?
Even if the left wing of the European left -- like the most liberal of America 's Democrats -- voices concerns that Obama has selected a far too centrist cabinet , a classical form of anti-Americanism is bound to recede in Europe .
Second , there is a continuing structural imbalance between the way Europe looks at America , i.e. , with passion and concern , and the way America looks at Europe , i.e. , with mild interest giving way to growing indifference .
The Sarkozy Option PARIS -- From the Caucasus in August 2008 to the Middle East in January 2009 , is France under President Nicolas Sarkozy attempting to incarnate what might be called `` the West by default , '' making maximum use of the window of opportunity opened by America 's presidential transition ?
Beyond its impact on the Middle East , Sarkozy 's failed but brave attempt to act as a go-between constitutes an interesting window into the foreign-policy methods and ambitions of today 's France .
The EU 's growing reservations about Turkey 's membership have been expressed unambiguously by French President Nicolas Sarkozy .
Second , whereas democracy and market capitalism appeared as clear -- if more fragile than expected -- winners in 1989 , it is difficult in 2009 , with the spread of the global crisis , to distinguish winners from losers .
The geographic separation of families , owing to America 's size and Americans ' mobility , makes the association between retirement and being a grandparent less practicable in the US than it is in Europe .
The record level of abstention in the recent European Parliament elections is further proof of that growing cynicism and alienation .
The Return of Franco-German Leadership PARIS -- Whoever wins September 's parliamentary election in Germany , the time has come once again for a major Franco-German initiative .
Given Silvio Berlusconi 's sexcapades , the Italy that he leads can not be taken seriously , while Spain is out of the running for an EU leadership role , owing to its dire economic conditions .
As for Poland , although the bumbling Kaczynski `` twins '' have been removed from power , the country 's fixation on security in its immediate neighborhood is incompatible with true European leadership .
And both countries would probably subscribe to the following formulation : `` Turkey 's future is with Europe , but not necessarily in the European Union , at least in the foreseeable future . ''
A spectacular Franco-German security initiative following the election in Germany , accompanied by a joint message to the Kremlin , would also have the benefit of sending a message to the rest of the EU , particularly to its Václav Klauses : `` If you decide to paralyze the Union through stubborn ill will , you will only end up excluding yourselves , rather than dictating Europe 's fate . ''
But the West has neither the moral right nor a strategic possibility of withdrawing into an `` ivory tower , '' something which in most cases does not exist .
There , empty windows filled with sandbags continue to face each other defiantly , symbols of a past that has not passed for decades .
In any case , the two sides have wasted so many opportunities in the past decades -- owing in part to leaders characterized by what might best be described as `` competitive mediocrity '' -- that it is difficult to see a miracle in the horizon .
That warning made sense 10 or 15 years ago ; not any longer . India is now impossible to ignore , much less forget , owing not only to its rapid economic growth , but also to the country 's increasing geopolitical stature .
India today sees that the wider world , particularly the West , regards it with growing respect , not only for the country 's performance , but also for its essence -- a young country and that is also an ancient civilization .
Suddenly , with the Libya issue , we can tell ourselves that we are catching up with Germany , whose pusillanimity is striking ; we are showing the way to the United States ; and the French -LRB- and British -RRB- flags are deployed in the streets of `` liberated '' Libya , together with that country 's own new flag .
Preventing Qaddafi from rebuilding the wall of fear that fell in Tunisia and Egypt is essential if the `` Arab spring '' is not to be succeeded by a new winter of discontent .
The cost of non-intervention , of allowing Qaddafi to crush his own people , and of thus signaling to the world 's despots that a campaign of domestic terror is acceptable , is far more menacing .
The defeat of the Democrats in the mid-term elections in 1994 , followed by the Monica Lewinsky affair , hampered the effectiveness of one of America 's most energetic and gifted Presidents .
Three recent examples illustrate what went wrong with America , its loss of unique status , and its growing image as a partisan and unethical , if not destabilizing , force in the world .
She said essentially the following : `` The role of the world is to improve the world .
A Triumph for `` Old Europe '' Italy may have defeated France to win the World Cup , but the real winner was the `` Old Europe '' that Donald Rumsfeld once derided .
In the Italian case , following the corruption scandals that have nearly sunk Il Calcio , Italy 's premier football league , the national team had to rehabilitate the game in the eyes of their fellow citizens .
Even in Washington , where I arrived at the beginning of the tournament , I was greeted at the airport by television screens showing the game .
This year provides a historic window of opportunity . We must seize it .
The pandemics of SARS , avian , and swine influenza have cost the global economy an estimated $ 200 billion .
Blood loss , causing anemia , is the result of thousands of worms chewing at the wall of the gut .
Although Venezuela provides between $ 1.5 and $ 2 billion annually to Cuba , Castro regards Chávez as something of a headache , owing to his rhetoric and his confrontational attitude with several countries .
Science and knowledge are made up not of winners , but of survivors of continuous and systematic efforts to refute .
Firewalls to Freedom NEW YORK -- Even the most cold-hearted realists would agree that the failure of Communist censorship played a role in the collapse of the Iron Curtain : Voice of America , the fax machine , rock 'n' roll , and the lure of Western capitalism helped to win over the people of the Soviet Bloc .
Given these governments ' complex strategies for regulating what their citizens do online -- ranging from establishing effective control of private media and telecoms businesses to allowing people to blow off steam without going too far -- we should be more realistic about the true extent of the Internet 's transformational potential .
But , while political leaders drew up such rosy plans , eight of Turkey 's largest investors in Iran were withdrawing from the country .
Another company , Gubretas , which had bought Razi , one of Iran 's biggest petrochemical companies , for $ 650 million dollars in 2008 , has not yet been able to start production , owing to administrative restrictions .
A former Turkish diplomat in Iran described the business climate in stark terms : `` it is as if Iranians prefer a lose\/lose outcome to a win\/win one in their dealings with foreign partners . ''
Syria can hope for two major changes following the restoration of full diplomatic relations with the US .
During Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's visit to Syria earlier this year , Syria 's President Bashar Assad and he reiterated their unyielding cooperation in the face of `` Western manipulations . '' But Assad is under growing pressure from the ranks of his Baath Party to modernize the country and its infrastructure , which is impossible without improved ties to the West .
A Turkish-Syrian Business Council was established soon after with the hope of developing economic relations , but little impact has been felt , owing to Turkey 's lingering suspicion of Syria 's political alignment .
Later that year , however , the government of Saad Hariri , Rafik Hariri 's son , brought new hope , prompting the IMF to declare that it had `` opened a new window of opportunity for invigorating economic reforms . ''
According to the IMF , `` the crisis did not directly affect the Lebanese economy , the banks are solid and the funds are flowing in . ''
As a result , French Socialists always positioned themselves to the left of their European partners , giving a major economic role to the state following the big nationalizations that took place in 1981 after François Mitterrand was first elected president .
Clearly , political calculations played a role : Fabius intuitively felt that the French , especially those on the left , oppose the construction of Europe in its current form , and that carrying the banner of rejection could win him the party leadership -- and thus its presidential nomination in 2007 .
These doubts are even stronger among those who consider the ideals of a social Europe insufficiently fulfilled , owing to the right 's political dominance : control of 18 of 25 governments , the same number of European commissioners , and a majority in the European Parliament .
The proportion of new outlays devoted to energy conservation and reduction have been cut almost in half , just when reforms in the price structure of energy use were beginning to kick in . Some measures aimed at redistributing the energy load -- such as solar and wind power -- have been retained .
The financial crisis , morphing quickly into a global economic downturn , resulted not just from a failure to react to growing instability , risk , and imbalance , but also from a widespread pre-crisis inability to `` see '' the rising systemic risk .
A crucial corollary of this strategy is large-scale technology transfer to developing countries , allowing them both to grow and to curtail their emissions .
But an advanced country could also undertake mitigation efforts in the developing world and thus earn additional credits equal to the full value of its mitigation efforts -LRB- thus allowing more emissions at home -RRB- .
Other economies are growing at relatively high rates , too .
The estimated ranges vary widely , even after a quarter-century of scientific effort , owing to the complexity of the environment itself .
This is one reason why successful mitigation at the global level faces stiff headwinds .
Achieving Growth in a Rebalanced World MILAN -- Although the financial crisis is winding down , the prospects for growth in the global economy are unlikely to pick up . This is , in part , inevitable .
If the slowdown in advanced countries persists , pre-crisis growth levels will not be achievable in the developing world either , owing to insufficient demand to absorb the implied increase in output .
First , countries with current-account surpluses such as Germany , Japan and China must recognize that their own growth -LRB- and that of others -RRB- depends on reducing the global savings-investment imbalance , which will result in narrowing external deficits elsewhere .
This needs to be done on a sustained basis following the withdrawal of extraordinary fiscal stimulus .
What really explains these new public controversies surrounding religion is something else , something political : the dilemma in which right-wing and center-right European parties find themselves .
In fact , some intellectuals close to the right have long advocated an opening towards Europe 's Muslim immigrants and their descendants . Where they can vote , so the argument goes , Muslim traditionalists would rather vote for a conservative party , even if it has Catholic roots , than for a secular left-wing party perceived as advocating loose morals .
It did not help that Hessel nostalgically invoked Jean-Paul Sartre and existentialism , and the `` great stream of history '' -- longings reflected on a hand-painted sign at Occupy Wall Street : `` Get excited and do something . '' Tellingly , that sign was flanked by posters for the left-wing anarchist philosopher Noam Chomsky and the right-wing libertarian politician Ron Paul .
Nobody wants to repeal citizenship legislation that makes birthplace , not bloodlines , the basis of belonging , and everybody is proud that right-wing populism has never taken off in the way that it has among some of Germany 's neighbors .
Both the Greek and Italian public debt remain almost unchanged , despite the fact that both countries have benefited the most from the euro , as their long-term interest rates declined to German levels following its adoption .
That alone yielded a windfall of tens of billions of euros per year .
Just a 0.1 % increase in borrowing costs would mean hundreds of millions of euros in extra debt-service payments a year .
Moreover , even if the plan for EU sovereign debt never takes off , fiscally prudent euro-zone countries will face higher borrowing costs .
A member of the euro zone can not be expelled under current rules , allowing countries like Greece to lie , manipulate , blackmail , and collect more and more EU funds .
The fastest growing sectors of the economy since the late nineteenth century have been those loosely classified as `` service industries , '' often involving the dissemination of information and entertainment -- activities in which Jews have been especially prominent , from publishing to vaudeville and from movies to commercial sports .
Societies long oriented to economic dynamism tend to welcome the economically successful , viewing them as a source of mutual gains .
The changes , however , are notably weaker and more complex in countries like Palestine and Iraq , owing to the grave conflicts they have been undergoing .
In a few decades , when China 's economy equals America 's in size , the winner will be hard to pick .
Iran 's New Contender WASHINGTON , DC -- Iran 's presidential race just got more interesting , with former Prime Minister Mir Hussein Mousavi throwing his hat in the ring and former President Mohammad Khatami withdrawing his .
A recent op-ed in the right-wing Kayhan newspaper , which is closely associated with Khamenei , had warned Khatami to avoid the same fate as the assassinated Benazir Bhutto in Pakistan .
This is attributable mainly to Angola , Botswana , and Namibia , owing to cyclical investment behavior in the petroleum and extraction industry , and to South Africa , where privatization and acquisitions activity have slowed .
Serb troops beat , killed , and jailed Albanians , whose leaders , following cues from Western embassies , urged nonviolence .
Nevertheless , since the liberation of Kuwait following the Iraqi occupation in August 1990 , the parliament has gained both stability and respect .
On a wider scale , it was meant to influence and win over Arab and Muslim minds by hollow but bombastic rhetoric .
Yet we nonetheless believed that the opposition , led by the Coalition for Unity and Democracy -LRB- CUD -RRB- , would have room to maneuver and campaign , owing to the government 's desire for international legitimacy .
Attendance at an official pro-government rally in the capital , Addis Ababa , was dwarfed by our rally the following day , when millions of demonstrators peacefully demanded change and showed their support for us .
It became obvious that we were winning in many constituencies and that we had won in Addis Ababa , as well as in most of the major cities and the rural areas .
The government wasted little time in responding : the next day , it declared itself the winner , with not even half of the constituencies reporting their results .
In demonstrations the following day , 36 more people were killed .
In the process , he incited popular support for the left-wing Sandinista guerrillas who toppled his government later in the decade .
That court , the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia , may soon mete out justice to a new defendant , following the arrest in Belgrade of Radovan Karadzic , wartime leader of Bosnia 's Serbs .
Things began to change in the 1980 's with the fall of military dictatorships in Latin America and in such East Asian countries as the Philippines and South Korea , and with the growing number of people engaged in the struggle for human rights in the Soviet empire .
Its rain forest , threatened by timber companies that have made deals with some of the militias , plays an important part in slowing global warming .
But that does not make it wrong for a seasoned investigator like Goldstone , reviewing the evidence that he collected , to infer intentionality from the pattern and quantity of abuses .
In withdrawing his conclusion that there was a policy of intentional targeting of civilians by Israel , Goldstone has not said that his judgment , based on the evidence before him at the time , was wrong .
Following World War Two , the victorious allies tried Germans and Japanese for war crimes at Nuremberg and Tokyo .
In cases of extreme rights abuses , the chance that an international criminal tribunal will ultimately sit in judgment of those principally responsible is growing , thereby becoming a deterrent to would-be tyrants elsewhere .
STOCKHOLM -- State-sponsored multiculturalism has failed . That proclamation by British Prime Minister David Cameron , following hard on the heels of similar renunciations of multiculturalism by German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Nicolas Sarkozy , suggests that a page is being turned in European society .
According to a last testament left behind by the attacker , a Swedish citizen named Taimour Abdulwahab , Christmas shoppers in downtown Stockholm had to die in retaliation for `` the Swedes ' support '' for Lars Vilks , an artist who stirred outrage in the country with drawings of the Prophet Muhammad as a dog .
Only a few of the country 's newspapers and political magazines published Vilks ' drawings .
In this respect , Vilks ' work must be regarded as having succeeded in exposing moral double standards -- no matter what one thinks of the drawing itself .
In Sweden , just as in similarly liberal Holland and Denmark , right-wing populists have profited from liberals ' failure to stand up for their values .
Thus , the lack of `` muscular liberalism '' in one of the world 's most liberal countries has paved the way for both Islamists and right-wing populists .
Much as they loathed domestic publications for blindly following the guidelines of Xinhua , China 's state news agency , they were similarly contemptuous of Western media that mishandled the story . As a result , those Chinese who use the Internet as a source for news awakened to the fact that no account -- Chinese or Western -- is flawless .
Chinese audiences are as fed up with the glowing encomiums broadcast by CCTV as they are with the simplistic , context-free reporting of Western media .
China 's government has apparently begun to appreciate the limitations of cover-ups and stonewalling , and perhaps also the merits of allowing some room for free speech .
Despite the watchful eyes of Big Brother in Beijing , the Internet is sowing the seeds of free speech in China .
What was not predicted was the size of the victory for this so-called `` party of power , '' or the exceedingly poor showing by the Communist Party -LRB- KPRF -RRB- .
Added to the winners in single-seat constituencies -- half the total -- this would ensure it a sturdy majority of 250 to 270 of the Duma 's 450 seats .
But the strong showing by Vladimir Zhirinovsky 's Liberal Democratic Party , or the LDPR , seems equally surprising .
Russians are not surprised at the poor showing of the so-called reformist forces , the Union of Right-Wing Forces -LRB- SPS -RRB- and the liberal Yabloko party .
By splitting the `` reform '' vote , both parties failed to win any seats in the Duma because neither surpassed the 5 % electoral threshold .
We Russians have no Victor Yushchenko , who from the start was the undisputed leader of the right-wing opposition .
The Malleable Mr. Medvedev LONDON -- As Dmitri Medvedev waits in the wings for his inauguration on May 7 , the West is examining his every word , eager for the slightest sign that Russia 's new president will be more `` reasonable '' and easier to deal with than Vladimir Putin , the man who got him elected .
The growing NCD and CVD burden is a time bomb for world health .
Europe began its own American-style debate on the origins of life when Cardinal Christoph Schönborn of Vienna cast doubt on the acceptability of Darwinism and evolutionary theory to people who see themselves as faithful Roman Catholics .
Following the Cardinal 's declaration , many pointed to the US as a warning sign of the dangers inherent in politicizing science through religion .
The power of faith-based movements in the US is undeniable , and their influence in other areas where science and politics meet , including the availability of certain drugs -- the so-called `` morning after '' pill being one example -- is growing .
Between 1995 and 2002 , it doubled the percentage of its rapidly growing GDP that it invests in R&D , with biotechnology and other high-tech fields enjoying the highest priority .
Research in these areas sometimes meets with vehement rejection , for example , on religious grounds with respect to stem-cell research , or owing to fear with respect to the possibility of altering human identity .
The dilemma must be overcome by allowing curiosity to be protected and supported , while trying to capture those of its fruits that will benefit society .
The relentless competition for talent and skills is being underscored daily by the increases in R&D investment in China and India , whose growing middle classes are only too keen to seek better educational opportunities for their children .
The draft constitution had been many years in the making and had been crafted following extensive national consultations .
After stalling for two and a half years , the day before the draft constitution was due to expire , the government hastily pushed through Parliament an alternate draft that preserved strong presidential powers , weakened the bill of rights , and rigged the electoral percentages needed to win the presidency .
The 2008 winter planting yielded $ 5 million in bean crops , helping to improve food security and the incomes of poor farmers .
There is growing recognition that these smallholder farmers and their rural communities are a major part of the solution to food insecurity and poverty -- but only if they have what they need to do their jobs .
The economic crisis arguably forced the new American rapprochement with China -LRB- the `` emerging '' power that has now emerged as the big winner from the world 's financial turmoil -RRB- .
Following the difficult years of the Bush presidency , Obama has duly sought to restore transatlantic harmony as well , visiting Europe in April and extending the hand of partnership there , too .
It was a fine speech , and Europeans will duly applaud it ; but listen for the growing undertone of anxiety that this bold young US president has just helped himself to some more of Europe 's clothes .
It can be addressed only when Europeans take stock of the way the world is changing , decide that allowing others to determine the future world order is less than optimal , and develop the attitudes and behaviors of a post-American Europe .
The emerging consensus in India in support of greater rights and freedoms for women , while certainly causing some upheaval and adjustment -LRB- especially within the growing middle classes -RRB- has not yet -- and might never -- poison the basic trust and warmth between men and women .
But are those Senate hearings actually window dressing on a new reality that is just as bad as the old one -- and in some ways worse ?
On a visit to Guantánamo , Department of Defense spokesman Joe DellaVedova told me that a series of panels are reviewing the detainees ' files , a process that will take until this year 's end .
He has brought in planeloads of journalists to Guantánamo Bay to show them a `` safe , transparent , and humane '' facility that now offers fresh baklava and video viewing from a shackled loveseat .
Some right-wing American bloggers recently twisted an article that I wrote in a way that did just that .
Renewing the News
Renewing the News NEW YORK -- Last week , rumors from the world of print media were rife : a hundred reporters from The New York Times news desk to be bought out -- or to lose their jobs if they refuse ; steep cutbacks at British newspapers ; staffs slashed at Condé Nast -- eight respected editors axed at Glamour magazine .
But I have also had many eye-opening experiences as people from around the world and from every background deepen my understanding and sourcing about issues as far-ranging as military law , religious practices , and swine flu .
But , again and again , by showing up for Elton John and not just for the ballet , or by taking her sons away from the hunting preserve of Balmoral to careen down a waterslide at a tacky amusement park , she told ordinary Britons that their world was as important as any other .
As these examples suggest , today 's information age has been marked by the growing role of non-governmental organizations -LRB- NGO 's -RRB- on the international stage .
They urge strengthening the non-proliferation regime through more intrusive inspections , and negotiation of arrangements for internationally guaranteed access to nuclear enrichment and reprocessing services , rather than allowing countries to construct them for themselves .
Whereas the world of traditional power politics is typically defined by whose military or economy wins , politics in an information age is about whose story wins .
Creating a rule of law and institutions for political participation has lagged behind economic growth , and growing inequality , massive internal migration , an inadequate social safety net , and corruption could foster political instability .
But it would be unlikely to win such a war , and prudent policy on both sides can make such a war unlikely .
Destroying New York 's Twin Towers cost several thousand lives .
The two countries ' recent rapprochement marks a huge change from the hostility that bedeviled their relations following their 1962 war over a disputed border in the Himalayas .
While both India and the US seek trade and good relations with China , both are aware -- and wary -- of China 's growing strength .
India has a 3,000-kilometer border with China , a 2,000-kilometer border with Pakistan -LRB- which has been the beneficiary of Chinese military and nuclear assistance -RRB- , and growing concerns about the security of sea routes in the Indian Ocean over which oil and other trade move .
The Bush administration may be correct in arguing that the extremely high costs and risks of promoting democracy are less than the costs and risks of allowing the authoritarian status quo in the Middle east to persist indefinitely .
Thanks to Osama Bin Laden , Bush 's popularity soared , and while his ratings had diminished by the 2004 election , his `` war on terrorism '' helped him win a second term .
Of course , the Sunnis comprise a minority in Iraq , so insurgents have little prospect of `` winning '' control of the country the way North Vietnam was able to win control of South Vietnam .
Although the Soviet Union restricted and censored Western films , those that made it through had devastating political effects . As one Soviet journalist commented after a restricted showing of films that were critical of American nuclear weapons policies , `` They absolutely shocked us ... We began to understand that the same thing would happen to us as to them in a nuclear war . ''
One has to be careful in drawing lessons for today .
As the first non-Western country that drew even with the West in modernity while showing that it is possible to maintain a unique culture , Japan has more potential soft-power resources than any other Asian country .
Not only are their military , or `` hard power , '' resources growing ; there are signs that their soft-power resources are increasing , too .
While culture provides some soft power , domestic policies and values set limits , particularly in China , where the Communist Party fears allowing too much intellectual freedom and resists outside influences .
Even if governments rethink their ban on new nuclear plants , accelerate development of windmills and solar panels , and search for new gas supplies , Europe will remain dependent on Russian gas for more than a decade .
But the majority of experts agree that the world will not run out of oil anytime soon -- even with growing Chinese and Indian demand .
The world learned that lesson following the 1973 Arab-Israel war .
At the end of the twentieth century , the major technological change of the third industrial revolution was the growing role of information as the scarcest resource in an economy .
Now Rumsfeld finally realizes the importance of winning hearts and minds , but , as The Economist put it , `` a good part of his speech was focused on how with slicker PR America could win the propaganda war . ''
We can not win unless the moderates win .
We can not win unless the number of people the extremists recruit is lower than the number we kill and deter .
Doing so -- and thus being in a position to win the war -- is impossible without soft power .
Knowing that China will not allow sanctions to cut too deeply , Kim is unlikely to give up his nuclear ace .
While the jihadi terrorist movement had been growing for a decade , 9\/11 was the turning point .
Jihadi extremism can not be defeated unless the mainstream wins .
Back then , there was a debate between those who wanted to contain China 's growing strength increased and those who urged China 's integration into the international system .
But it would be unlikely to win such a war , and prudent policy on all sides can make such a war unlikely .
US Army Chief of Staff Eric Shinseki warned that although it would be possible to win the war with the 160,000 troops that Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld used , it would take double that number to win the peace .
If Bush 's new military plan is a temporary step to buy time to move in the direction of the Iraq Study Group 's proposals of training Iraqi forces and gradually withdrawing American forces , there may be something to be said for it as one last chance , but only if it is accompanied by the diplomatic advice that the study group also suggested .
Fortunately , the pendulum has begun to swing back toward cooperation .
While such ambivalence will not change , French-American relations are likely to improve no matter which of the three leading candidates prevails in the final round of voting on May 6 , in part owing to Chirac 's exit .
The exit of some of the most strident neo-conservatives in the Bush administration over the past year has also helped , and with growing opposition to the Iraq War , some Americans are beginning to think that the French may have had a point after all .
Former Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin , drawing on his personal experience with the Group of 20 finance ministers as well as the G-8 , has proposed a new informal grouping that he calls an `` L-20 , '' with the `` L '' signifying that it is restricted to leaders .
In Taiwan itself , there is a growing sense of national identity , but a sharp division between pragmatists of the `` pan-blue alliance , '' who realize that geography will require them to find a compromise with the mainland , and the ruling `` pan-green alliance , '' which aspires in varying degrees to achieve independence .
With increasing change in China and growing economic and social contacts across the strait , it should be possible to find a formula that allows the Taiwanese to maintain their market economy and democratic system without a placard at the UN .
But , given the danger of incidents that could grow out of political competition in Taiwan or growing impatience in the Peoples ' Liberation Army on the mainland , the US would be wise to encourage more active contacts and negotiations by the two sides .
Europe 's Power to Lead CAMBRIDGE &#45; &#45; At this year 's World Economic Forum in Davos , the buzz was about Asia 's growing power .
Military success against terrorists and insurgents requires soldiers to win hearts and minds , not just break bodies .
To be sure , measured by official exchange rates , China is the world 's fourth largest economy , and it is growing at 10 % annually .
If anything , the new and growing dimension of transnational threats , when added to traditional security concerns , makes the future of the Japan-US alliance look more promising than ever .
In 2005 , Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice prepared a visit to Delhi by Bush the following year in which he announced a major agreement on US-Indian civilian nuclear cooperation , as well as a variety of measures for commercial and defense cooperation .
The two countries ' recent rapprochement marks a considerable change from the hostility that bedeviled their relations following their 1962 war over a disputed border in the Himalayas .
Thus far , no leadership gene has been identified , and studies of identical and fraternal male twins find that only a third of their difference in occupying formal leadership roles can be explained by genetic factors .
Nature and nurture became thoroughly intertwined .
Nature and nurture intertwine , but nurture is much more important in the modern world than the heroic paradigm acknowledges .
That is a conservative estimate , and if warming proceeds more rapidly because of the loss of the reflectivity of Arctic ice and the release of CO2 and methane from thawing permafrost , rising sea levels could lead to the submersion of low-lying islands and hence threaten the survival of entire nations .
A recent BBC poll of 22 countries found that if the world could vote , Obama would win in a landslide . The pro-Obama margin varied from 82 % in Kenya -LRB- where Obama 's father was born -RRB- to 9 % in India .
The World Economic Forum still rates the American economy as the world 's most competitive , owing to its labor-market flexibility , higher education , political stability , and openness to innovation .
Although the US does well on the traditional measures of power , those measures increasingly fail to capture much of what defines world politics , which , owing to the information revolution and globalization , is changing in a way that prevents Americans from achieving all their international goals by acting alone .
Given the unattractiveness of choosing between a pre-emptive attack on Iran or allowing Iranian nuclear weapons to destabilize the Gulf region , Obama has pledged to conduct a broad diplomatic dialogue with Iran without the preconditions that hampered Bush .
The US had no way of knowing whether the Russian government had been involved .
Many people were skeptical that an African-American with a strange name and little national experience could win .
Technology makes physical mobility easier , but local political reactions against immigrants had been growing even before the current economic crisis .
In 1992 , the winner of the New Hampshire primary election argued that `` the Cold War is over - and Japan won . ''
Today 's growing global networks of interdependence are putting new items on national and international agendas ; Americans simply can not solve many of these by themselves .
In moments of extreme fear , the pendulum of attitudes swings toward the security end of that spectrum .
The weaker adversary wins by leveraging the power of the stronger against itself .
But , whatever the failures of particular British legislators , the issues go further than merely allowing voters to `` throw the rascals out . '' There is also a question of how successful leadership is taught and learned in a democracy .
In 1996 , the Clinton-Hashimoto Declaration stated that the US-Japan security alliance was the foundation for stability that would allow growing prosperity in post-Cold War East Asia .
The North Koreans have violated their agreements , knowing that China , the country with the greatest potential leverage , is most concerned about regime collapse in North Korea , and thus the threat of chaos on its borders .
Although an important trade partner , China 's growing power makes Japan nervous .
Although some Japanese complain about the unequal nature of the alliance 's security components , owing to the limits that Japan has accepted on the use of force , in these new areas , Japan is a stronger partner .
South Korea 's Growing Soft Power
South Korea 's Growing Soft Power CAMBRIDGE -- When the Association of Southeast Asian Nations met in Thailand last month , South Korea was an important presence .
The political clout of countries such as Canada , the Netherlands , and the Scandinavian states is greater than their military and economic weight , owing to the incorporation of attractive causes such as economic aid or peacemaking in their definitions of their national interest .
Indeed , the late 1990 's saw the rise of `` Hallyu , '' or `` the Korean wave '' -- the growing popularity of all things Korean , from fashion and film to music and cuisine .
The first generation of modern warfare reflected the tactics of line and column following the French Revolution .
In such hybrid wars , conventional and irregular forces , combatants and civilians , and physical destruction and information warfare become thoroughly intertwined .
The New Public Diplomacy CAMBRIDGE -- The world of traditional power politics was typically about whose military or economy would win .
In today 's information age , politics is also about whose `` story '' wins .
For example , the current struggle against transnational terrorism is a struggle over winning hearts and minds , and over-reliance on hard power alone is not the path to success .
Secretary Powell replied that the US had used hard power to win World War II , but he continued : `` What followed immediately after hard power ?
America will not win unless the moderates win .
If America is to win that war , its leaders are going to have to do better at combining soft and hard power into `` smart power . ''
China 's Bad Bet Against America CAMBRIDGE -- Chinese-American relations are , once again , in a downswing .
Nonetheless , growing US-Chinese cooperation within the G20 last year was a positive sign of bilateral as well as multilateral cooperation .
Americans and others have been predicting decline regularly over the years : after the Soviets launched Sputnik in 1957 ; again when Nixon closed the gold window in 1971 ; and when the American rust-belt economy seemed to be overtaken by Japanese manufacturers in the 1980 's .
Third , despite Chinese complaints , the dollar is likely to remain the major global reserve currency , owing to the depth and breadth of America 's capital markets , which China can not match without making the yuan fully convertible and reforming its banking system .
That is the American tragedy of the early 21st century : a vital and self-renewing culture that attracts the world 's talent and a governing system that increasingly looks like a joke . ''
For example , after the 2008 financial crisis , while the US pressed China to let its currency appreciate , officials at China 's central bank began arguing that America needed to increase its savings , reduce its deficits , and move toward supplementing the dollar 's role as a reserve currency with IMF-issued special drawing rights .
Data from the 2000 census show a soaring Hispanic population , owing largely to waves of new immigrants , legal and illegal .
In terms of soft power , communist ideology was attractive in post-World War II Europe , owing to its anti-fascist credentials , and in the Third World because of its identification with popular national-independence movements .
The Indian economy has been growing at more than 8 % annually , making it increasingly attractive for trade and investment .
Official pronouncements stress friendly relations between India and China , and some trade analysts argue that the two giant , rapidly growing markets will become an economic `` Chindia . ''
Such statements reflect a considerable change from the hostility that bedeviled Indian-Chinese relations following the two countries ' 1962 war over a disputed border in the Himalayas .
By accompanying its growing hard power with efforts to make itself more attractive , China aimed to stem its neighbors ' fears and tendency to balance Chinese power .
And the Chinese economy faces serious obstacles to sustainable rapid growth , owing to inefficient state-owned enterprises , growing inequality , massive internal migration , an inadequate social safety net , corruption , and inadequate institutions , all of which could foster political instability .
To be sure , Chinese military expenditures , up more than 12 % this year , have been growing even more rapidly than its economy .
Political observers have long debated whether economic or military power is more fundamental . The Marxist tradition casts economics as the underlying structure of power , and political institutions as a mere superstructure , an assumption shared by nineteenth-century liberals who believed that growing interdependence in trade and finance would make war obsolete .
Today , the Soviet Union has vanished , and Chinese power is growing .
They cited social-science research showing that democracies rarely go to war with each other .
It is like jiu jitsu : the weaker adversary wins by leveraging the power of the stronger against itself .
A key lesson of 9\/11 is that hard military power is essential in countering terrorism by the likes of Bin Laden , but that the soft power of ideas and legitimacy is essential for winning the hearts and minds of the mainstream Muslim populations from whom Al Qaeda would like to recruit .
China 's GDP will almost certainly surpass that of the US within a decade , owing to the size of its population and its impressive economic-growth rate .
Serbia 's liberal pro-European president , Boris Tadic , remains the favorite to win , but opinion polls suggest that his lead over Tomislav Nikolic of the ultra-nationalist Serbian Radical Party has narrowed to within the margin of error .
The difficulty for Tadic lies in convincing Serbian voters that drawing closer to the EU is infinitely preferable to remaining attached to an outmoded concept of statehood that can only lead to isolation and backwardness .
A good part of the explanation for this turnaround was the fact that the government managed to convince enough voters to move from abstention to the ` Yes ' camp -LRB- though the turnout still failed to reach 50 % -RRB- . All of this suggests that the higher the turnout the greater the likelihood of a ` Yes ' win .
Now , in the run-up to the European Council summit on 11-12 December , expectations are growing that Irish Prime Minister Brian Cowen will provide a clear roadmap for an Irish solution to the EU 's constitutional dilemma .
As a first step toward convening a second poll , Cowen has sought EU-wide agreement that , rather than reducing the size of the Commission , the provision of the Lisbon Treaty that allows for a `` one member state , one commissioner '' rule will be enacted , allowing Ireland to retain a permanent place .
The hubris of the Celtic Tiger years is a distant memory , owing to the worst recession in Ireland 's history as an independent state .
Then , in recent months , they flocked out of those emerging countries , showing once again how volatile and dangerous such flows are .
Strong economic performance reflects strong domestic demand in the US , owing to low borrowing costs and rising asset prices .
With slowing world economic growth , US financing needs could cause a drop in investors ' confidence in the future of US-based assets , precipitating a sharp dollar depreciation .
In Europe and Japan , for example , monetary and fiscal policies have been tightening in response to domestic concerns , further slowing the world economy .
Such reforms should work towards developing a multilaterally agreed multi-currency reserve system or even , in the longer term , a world currency based on the Special Drawing Rights issued by the IMF .
The first is the need for a truly global reserve currency , perhaps based on the IMF Special Drawing Rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- .
Recognition of this fundamental problem was the reason why the IMF 's Special Drawing Rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- were created in the 1960 's .
A better alternative would be to go back to John Maynard Keynes 's proposal of an overdraft -LRB- or , in IMF terminology , drawing -RRB- facility for all member countries , with countries that continue to use it eventually having to apply to a formal lending program .
To use an American saying , it might mean throwing out the baby -LRB- economic growth -RRB- with the bathwater -LRB- exchange rate appreciation -RRB- .
Some proposals would resolve the first of these paradoxes by allowing countries to use the World Trade Organization 's dispute-resolution mechanism in cases of exchange-rate manipulation .
This does not mean , of course , that China should take no action to correct the undervaluation of its currency , though some recognition should be given to the way in which it is already contributing to solving this problem by allowing domestic wages to rise .
But the consensus in Beijing was that the G-20 should adopt a modest proposal this year : a limited expansion of the International Monetary Fund 's current system of Special Drawing Rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- .
The reasons are clear : since the world has experienced a `` multi-speed recovery , '' as the International Monetary Fund puts it , slow-growth advanced countries are maintaining very low interest rates and other expansionary monetary policies , while fast-growth emerging economies are unwinding the expansionary policies that they adopted during the recession .
Prohibition of certain transactions for prudential reasons also makes sense , particularly for borrowing in foreign currencies by economic agents that do not have revenues in those currencies .
Some of these -- Shenzhen , Shanghai , Dalian , Tianjin , Shenyang , Xiamen , Qingdao , and Suzhou -- are now growing economically at a rate of 15-20 % per year -- faster than such Asian `` tigers '' as Malaysia , Taiwan , Thailand , and Korea ever did .
The face of General Electric 's longtime boss Jack Welch is in bookstore windows across China , although his latest book is probably a pirated edition because China still has a way to go on copyright protection .
Instead of fleeing the country , capital was flowing in more rapidly than ever before .
In June , after the United States pressured Israel to allow Fulbright scholarship winners to leave the Gaza Strip , the Israeli military announced that it would grant exit permits for a few more students with `` recognized '' scholarships -- but not `` hundreds . ''
Growing calls by southern political leaders for `` true federalism , '' if implemented , would significantly reduce the North 's share of the country 's oil revenues , further destabilizing the country unless Jonathan pursues it in a bipartisan and disinterested manner .
A powerful and wealthy feudal elite that has maintained power for two centuries through a mix of authoritarianism and religious sentiment now feels embattled following its loss of power in Abuja and , with it , the means to dispense patronage to formerly obsequious followers .
Following threats that university campuses in the south would be bombed , anxious parents recalled their children and now warn them to stay away from the north .
Some calm has returned , and oil production is resuming . But the lethal mix of poverty , youth unemployment , and the mesmerizing spectacle of millions of petrodollars flowing out of the delta and into the pockets of the powerful , casts a long shadow .
This slick alliance of corrupt state officials and self-serving company executives , anxious to keep the petrodollars flowing , is still in place .
When Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo made his surprise announcement on 13 January to begin a nationwide dialogue to discuss constitutional reform , he was bowing to the inevitable .
The north dominated the armed forces following the Biafra civil war in the late 1960 's .
The Biafra war was largely an oil war , prosecuted by northern officers and politicians to win back the delta oil fields from the Igbo .
Obasanjo is anxious to thwart the region 's growing armed insurgency , which is driven by widespread poverty and oil industry-related ecological damage .
Nowadays , the mantra of President Umar Yar ` Adua , who took power in June 2007 , following controversial elections , is to transform the country into one of the world 's 20 largest economies by 2020 .
Even in the turbulent 1990 's , when Nigeria was temporarily suspended from the British Commonwealth following the execution of minority rights campaigner Ken Saro-Wiwa by General Sani Abacha 's regime , the governing elite sought to achieve Nigeria 's `` rightful '' place in global affairs .
The Department of Petroleum Resources -LRB- DPR -RRB- , the regulatory agency for the oil industry , has dismissed these claims , vowing to impose hefty fines on companies that flout the deadline .
Now , following the companies ' discovery of massive reserves , technocrats appointed by Yar ` Adua to take charge of oil policy want Nigeria to get a larger slice of the pie .
But , as in the 1970 's , the success of Nigerian diplomacy will depend on the government 's ability to win legitimacy at home .
Corruption is widespread , and PDP politicians have been unable to deliver the prosperity and improved social services that Nigerians looked forward to following the return of democracy .
The latter are regaining confidence in the political process , following the recent appointment of a no-nonsense academic as head of the election commission .
Bitter controversy marked Jonathan 's ascension to power in May 2010 , following the death of President Umaru Yar ` Adua after only three years in office .
The CPC 's poor showing in the North 's parliamentary polls could be an indication that the region 's influential conservative politicians , whom Buhari took on when , as an army general , he toppled the Second Republic in a bloodless coup in December 1983 , have neither forgiven nor forgotten .
The country 's mounting problems -- rampant official corruption , decaying social and physical infrastructure , and growing ethnic and religious insurgencies in the northeast , central region , the southeast , and Niger Delta -- are yet to be seriously tackled .
Head banging or screaming can , for example , be misinterpreted as being part of the intellectual disability rather than an expression of discomfort or depression -- a phenomenon known as `` diagnostic overshadowing . '' Unfortunately , annual health checks that screen for physical and mental-health changes and epilepsy are not routine in many countries .
But children in institutions are denied education , despite evidence showing that every child can learn and develop .
There is a huge window of opportunity for private sector-led development in Africa .
This is a poor showing for countries that successfully confronted the challenges of creating the EU and monetary union .
Growing resentment toward the West has reinforced Russian leaders ' enduring penchant for the concepts of `` Great Powers '' and `` spheres of influence , '' and the belief that international relations is a zero-sum game , in which others ' gain is Russia 's loss .
And it is now clear that the biggest winners of globalization are no longer the Europeans or the Americans , but the Asians .
For example , we Central Europeans are opponents when we do not accept Russia 's policy of renewing `` spheres of interest '' and `` security zones . ''
Prices are high , owing to trade restrictions and government support for inefficient state enterprises .
Amid mounting repression and growing Western protest , Lukashenko vowed in his inauguration address in January that he would tolerate no threat to `` stability . ''
And , with Austrian money and World Bank support , officials are drawing up a privatization program that will cover a significant proportion of the country 's mainly state-owned industry .
Lukashenko hopes that dramatic economic reforms will win Western support , disarm foreign and domestic critics , and achieve economic modernization under authoritarian rule .
But , following a recent 64 % devaluation of the currency , the clock appears to be running out on his prolonged misrule .
Without enough dollars flowing in from transit fees for Russia 's oil and gas exports to Western Europe , the country was bankrupt .
The irrelevance of traditional culture explains the growing number of converts in all the recently discovered radical networks . The members of the Beghal network in France were roughly one-third converts .
The Perils of Striking Iran In the winter of 2002-03 , supporters of regime change in Iraq were upbeat in their vision of the post-invasion phase of the war .
The war against Iraq in 1991 is the leading example of military intervention following global consensus .
When it comes to deciding on how to deal with Iran , the US and its allies should bear in mind the following principles .
Pensions are mentioned only under financial-sector development : the ADB is to promote private-led insurance , despite evidence from the United Nations , International Labor Organization , World Bank and NGOs showing that private pensions do not reach the poor .
Now developing countries are also following the trend to consolidate .
-LRB- Chu is one of five ethnic Chinese to have won a Nobel , although no winner has yet come from the PRC , a fact that gnaws at Chinese pride . -RRB-
Walking through the square the other evening , I found myself thinking back to when I first began following China 's amazing odyssey .
So , after all the tourists that irrigate this poor region with precious income leave the viewing platforms below the falls , authorities close the sluice gates that dam the White Water River on the dangerously low upstream reservoir , and the falls cease .
They have , however , helped support China 's economy by allowing Americans to run up consumer debt by buying more Chinese goods than they rightfully need .
But the reality is that neither the euro nor the yen is capable of soaking up China 's growing foreign-exchange reserves .
But they also have a historically ingrained sense of insecurity , owing to frequent conquest and domination , which is being aggravated today by the presence of American troops to their west in Iraq and to their east in Afghanistan .
Indeed , there is a growing fear that a settlement of the Nagorno-Karabakh dispute is more distant now , because Turkey 's public backing has raised Azerbaijan 's expectations , while some Armenians fear collusion between neighbors out to railroad them into an unsustainable agreement .
Following the G-20 meetings in Seoul and the NATO summit in Portugal , the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe will hold its first summit in 10 years in Astana , Kazakhstan 's spanking new capital city .
Not coincidentally , the ten-year gap between summits overlaps with Russia 's re-emergence as a global player , following the trauma of the Soviet Union 's collapse .
Dependence on automobiles is growing in parts of the world that formerly got by without them .
China 's pool of licensed drivers is growing exponentially , and India is a decade into one of the largest road-building projects in history , a 3,600-mile superhighway known as the Golden Quadrilateral , which links the country 's four largest cities , plus an extensive network of feeder roads .
When Turkey 's parliament voted in March 2003 against allowing American troops to open a northern front against Iraq , Turkey 's traditional strategic partnership with the United States ended .
They erred gravely in allowing Jewish settlers to have their way on the Biblical mountaintops , while Middle Israel looked the other way .
If the moderates win , then a `` Middle Palestine '' will at last rise to prominence .
If she becomes prime minister , her term may prove to be a window of opportunity , perhaps a last chance , to enact this least-of-evils settlement for the region 's future .
Far removed from left-wing apologetics , Livni is a self-righteous believer in Israel 's basic right to exist .
Here is an Israel that you may not recognize , especially if the electronic media is your window on the world .
Other prime ministers , who win elections by a whisker , end up with cat-and-dog coalitions .
The bigger parties must ignore the vested interests of their junior partners , go back to the drawing board , and raise the Knesset entry-level substantially .
Prime Minister Netanyahu and Defense Minister Ehud Barak sent top combatants into a seafaring crowd of aggressive protesters and thought that they would win .
Indeed , unlike the DP 's leader , Adnan Menderes , who was brutally executed following a sham military trial , the AKP 's Recep Tayyip Erdo?an , who will now begin his third term as Prime Minister , appears to have secured democratic political control of Turkey 's military and bureaucracy .
Moreover , the economy proved resilient following the global financial crisis , with growth recovering rapidly .
And , despite Turkey 's fast-growing population , per capita GDP has tripled since 2002 , reaching $ 10,500 in 2010 .
Not surprisingly , Turkey 's capacity to attract foreign direct investment is now comparable to other fast-growing emerging-market economies .
The question now is how Turkey will use its rapidly growing economic power .
In Darwin 's Place
In Darwin 's Place BERKELEY -- Imagine that , as a young scientist , you spent years collecting information about the foundations of how nature works .
These were the circumstances in which Charles Darwin found himself in the late 1830 's and early 1840 's , when he developed the principle of natural selection and its revolutionary implication : all the Earth 's life forms could have evolved from a single common ancestor .
Here 's the translation to today 's world : your discovery might win you the Nobel Prize , but it also might get you a bullet in the brain from a religious fundamentalist .
Instead of kicking the ball to win , he aims so that his opponent scores .
Following the news of Almeyda 's clandestine meetings , yet another fugitive , Daniel Borobio , made damaging revelations .
Whoever wins , the results will echo across Latin America .
In countries with higher price growth than in Germany , but with the same borrowing costs , this can not produce anything but overheating , higher inflation , and even lower real interest rates .
Education remains a key area where the EU should contribute to the development of the southern neighborhood , if only because young people are a growing majority of the Arab population .
Although many Arab states have been opening new schools and universities , and are allowing more private educational institutions to flourish , the quality of education in the region still leaves much to be desired .
Japan 's ultra-low interest rate policy was initiated in the 1990 's to put a floor under the economy following the bursting of its asset price bubble .
That means Japan should decisively abandon ultra-low interest rates , albeit gradually so as to allow an orderly unwinding of speculative positions .
China 's currency policy gives it a competitive advantage relative to other countries , allowing it to displace their exports to the US .
With regard to the rest of the world , many find it easy to blame the US , often owing to resentment at its perceived arrogance .
The `` many recipes '' thesis is that countries develop successfully by following eclectic policies tailored to specific local conditions rather than by following generic best-practice formulas designed by economic theorists .
On one hand , policy must fuel asset bubbles to keep the economy growing .
Borrowing is also supported by an easing of credit standards and new financial products that increase leverage and widen the range of assets that can be borrowed against .
Wage growth , rather than borrowing and financial booms , fuelled demand growth .
Strong global demand , owing to emerging economies like China , has undoubtedly fueled some of the price increase .
Furthermore , with oil prices up so much , inventories should have fallen , owing to strong incentives to reduce holdings .
But the window of opportunity is closing fast .
Industrialized nations have developed and made great use of nuclear , solar , wind , and bio-gas , and other renewable energy resources .
China must exercise the foresight needed to begin paying this debt now , when it is manageable , rather than allowing it to accumulate and , ultimately , threaten to bankrupt us all .
But drawing a line under the enlargement process would be both a missed opportunity for the EU and a cruel blow to those countries in the Balkans and elsewhere for whom the prospect of membership is an important incentive for reform and renewal .
It will allay the growing tensions between Christianity and Islam fueled by international terrorism and knee-jerk nationalism .
Allowing the Patriarchate to flourish , and reopening the Theological School on the island of Halki , would underscore Turkey 's progress on human and minority rights .
Renewing Europe 's Security Dialogue
Renewing Europe 's Security Dialogue ATHENS -- The year 2009 has been one of great change , taking place amidst even greater uncertainty .
The Germans fear that such innovations would lead to a rise in domestic borrowing costs , and to direct and indirect fiscal transfers to poorer countries .
On the other hand , refusing to accept the growing consensus that fiscal union is the key to resolving the debt crisis exposes the eurozone , and Germany , to serious risks .
It could be argued , for example , that Eurobonds would allow eurozone members to pool their financial strength and , by enhancing the attractiveness of the euro as a reserve currency , hold down borrowing costs to such an extent that AAA-rated countries are not overburdened .
Ukraine was punished in this way for its eagerness to integrate with the West following the Orange Revolution .
Russia punished Georgia almost immediately , banning the import of Georgian wines and mineral waters -- both of which are key export goods .
Following the verdict , bailiffs confiscated our equipment , prohibited the publishing house from printing our newspaper , and , most importantly , seized our business bank accounts , rendering us unable to pay the fine .
The English writer G.K. Chesterton once wrote , `` The disadvantage of men not knowing the past is that they do not know the present . ''
If older leaders do not produce the right answers soon , younger generations will reap the whirlwind -- sometimes literally .
Moreover , they all criticize the Clinton-era practice of routinely clearing America 's policy positions first with Israel , which is hardly likely to win Arab confidence or support .
Most voters -- certainly swing voters , who usually decide elections -- do not like partisan battles as much as some politicians and their supporters do .
We talked the terrorist IRA and their political wing into the political process and the sharing of power .
Those who do it , helped in Bush 's case by a growing religious faith , deserve sympathy and approval .
Every day , on every news bulletin , he is out there swinging .
When you do n't like a government , you can turn the rascals out without overthrowing the whole system .
We were astonished during President George W. Bush 's first term at the administration 's hostility to science , reflected in its stance on climate change and Charles Darwin 's theory of evolution .
She has a difficult hand to play , and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President José Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve-up of jobs .
Big lottery winners , it is claimed , end up miserable , though real-life research suggests that they are as happy as you and I would be with a check for a million dollars .
But it is difficult to see any really bad mistakes , except perhaps allowing himself to be pushed around by Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu and giving China the impression that he was prepared for a bilateral relationship entirely on China 's terms .
When I was growing up in the 1950 's and 1960 's , world peace was based on the nuclear standoff between the US and the Soviet Union .
You would have difficulty finding many members of the US Congress who do not ascribe some of America 's problems , including the hollowing out of the middle class , to China 's alleged currency manipulation .
Critics think that pegging the currency below its real value is part of a deliberate strategy to keep growth rolling , thereby avoiding the tricky politics of growing unemployment in a system that has no institutionalized channels for expressing popular grievances .
The human rights activist Liu Xiaobo has just been locked up for 11 years , drawing widespread condemnation .
They note the infrastructure improvements -- airports , for example -- while sighing over what remains to be done and drawing invidious comparisons with China .
The chairman of the party at the time , running the winning campaign , was me .
Brown , who became prime minister in 2007 , let spending and borrowing rip , so that when the global crash hit Britain was already suffering from a structural fiscal deficit and a credit bubble .
As a result , whoever wins the election will have an awful job cutting the country 's budget deficit -- 12 % of GDP -- and setting the economy back on the road to sustainable recovery .
The situation is a bit fairer today , but Cameron still has a steep hill to climb if he is to win .
As a tribal Conservative , albeit it with pretty moderate tendencies and a deep suspicion of ideology , I naturally want Cameron to win .
The election produced an inconclusive result , even though the Conservative Party received 7 % more of the popular vote than the second-place Labor Party . The failure to equalize electorates in different constituencies counted heavily against the winners , as it takes more votes to send a Conservative MP to Westminster than it does a Labor MP .
At the local level , Conservatives and Liberals tend to be at daggers drawn . This is partly because Liberals have usually thrived by winning seats from Conservatives when Conservative administrations are unpopular .
But Gaza remains an integral part of Palestine -- and a growing part .
Mind you , this was not enough to win Stevenson the presidency in the 1950 's . `` All the intelligent people in the country are supporting you , '' he was told .
After all , not every politician is widely commended for following his conscience .
There are four times more people in the world than there were a hundred years ago , producing 40 times as much output and spewing 17 times as much carbon dioxide into the atmosphere .
But just think how different everything would look if America had a trade surplus and a more manageable level of domestic borrowing than the $ 14 trillion run-up in debt by credit-card holders before 2007 .
Nor is there any plan on offer from other emerging powers , though in time India may show growing alarm about China 's muscle-flexing , and Brazil may question whether it has really been wise to cosset Venezuela and Cuba .
Carols , church bells , and mangers are still at the heart of mid-winter festivities , alongside the consumer binge .
This year , however , the `` big spend '' in Europe may have been inhibited by the big winter freeze and the big austerity programs across most of the continent .
We rapidly lose our belief in that winter myth .
Right-wing American attitudes about their country 's place in the world are invigorated by fundamentalist dogma .
At the heart of globalization has been the emergence of fast-growing economies , most notably Brazil , India , and , above all , China .
China 's official behavior following the award of the Nobel Peace Prize to Liu Xiaobo turned an embarrassment into a public-diplomacy disaster , and China 's neighbors have been disturbed by Chinese efforts to throw its weight around .
They did n't have to like Israel , provided that they were n't too rude about America 's pro-Israel bias and its refusal to accept that insisting on Israel 's inalienable right to exist was not the same as allowing Israel to do whatever it wanted .
Food prices had responded to growing demand .
The best way to deal with the problem is to subsidize food for the poor ; we should not cut the price we pay farmers for growing it .
Having enjoyed a few days of Bush-bashing , India got on with the job of bowing to pre-election political pressures .
The painting shows Icarus , his wings melted , plunging to a watery grave .
The world goes on , the peasants continue plowing their fields , getting on with their lives .
His wings scorched from Iraq to Guantánamo , Bush already seems to be yesterday 's story ; his minders carefully steer audiences into the front rows at public events , lest the absence of interest in what he is doing and saying becomes too obvious .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , McCain reached out all right -- to the right-wing fundamentalists in his own party .
It is McCain 's views on the economy and foreign policy , not Palin 's on Darwin and the wickedness of sex education , which should be the targets .
It will not be easy to rein in over-spending and over-borrowing , to restore the real family values of saving , thrift , responsibility , and fair reward .
The psychologist Paul Rozin has shown how disgust , as Charles Darwin first noted , is an evolutionary adaptation that deters us from bad meat , so it is naturally triggered by animals and animal waste products .
High winds -- caused by parching of the earth 's surface -- may disperse pollution .
Warmer winters in normally chilly areas may reduce cold-related heart attacks and respiratory ailments .
Little doubt remains that burning fossil fuels contributes to global warming by spewing carbon dioxide and other heat-absorbing , or `` greenhouse , '' gases into the air .
As Premier Wen Jiabao recently emphasized , China must now undertake comprehensive measures to control mounting inflation , growing asset bubbles , and an overheating economy .
Some Chinese are suspicious that the US push for RMB appreciation and financial-market liberalization is really an attempt to gain trade advantages and generate profits for American companies while slowing China 's economic expansion .
We supported a greater voting share for China , and other rapidly growing emerging markets , in the IMF and the World Bank .
The agreements we have achieved thus far are like signposts showing progress along the road to mutual economic prosperity .
The rapid depletion of fish stocks is the inevitable outcome of sophisticated industrial technology being thrown at dwindling marine populations as demand rises , fueled by growth in human population and incomes .
There is still time to save our fisheries , but only if they are reinvented not as the source of an endlessly growing supply of fish for an endlessly growing human population , but as a provider of a healthy complement to grain-based diets .
But there is no Darwinian payoff to sacrificing our resources to anonymous strangers , particularly those in faraway lands .
Even Osama bin Laden , sensing an opportunity to stir up trouble and win popular support , has issued a video calling for a jihad against Musharraf .
Africa is the last frontier for resource discovery , having long been relatively neglected by mining and other resource-extraction companies , owing to difficult political conditions .
After ploughing the land in preparation for winter wheat , however , the farmers slaughtered the cattle because they could not keep them fed throughout the winter , because no fodder was provided .
Mullah Aukhundzada became so angry and humiliated when the promised goodies failed to materialize , that he ordered all the former poppy producing areas , as well as surrounding areas , to double poppy production the following year .
At the end of the EU summit in Brussels on Monday -- a meeting held to bridge the growing schism over the Union 's policy on Iraq -- French President Jacques Chirac committed a diplomatic blunder that rivaled US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld 's snide remarks about `` old and new Europe . ''
Extremist parties have also been marginalized owing to their weak position in pan-European politics .
These countries , after some delay , are following in the footsteps of some postcommunist nations in Central Europe , where nationalist\/populist parties , such as the Movement for a Democratic Slovakia of Vladimir Meciar , retarded democratization and market reform a decade ago .
At the start of the 1990 's , following communism 's fall , the common experiences and the shared legacy of Czechoslovakia , Hungary , and Poland were behind the idea of creating the so-called `` Visegrad Group , '' with the aim of coordinating the three countries ' efforts to join the EU and NATO .
Although the collapse of the common currency area owing to political squabbles seems unlikely at this point , it can not be ruled out entirely .
Reviving the Quartet Following the formation of a Palestinian unity government between Fatah and Hamas , and the Arab League summit which revived King Abdullah 's peace plan of 2002 , it is time for the so-called Middle East Quartet , consisting of the European Union , Russia , the United Nations , and the United States , to get into action .
According to some optimistic studies , solar thermal power plants and wind farms in North Africa could not only boost economic growth there , but also provide more than 15 % of Europe 's electricity by 2050 .
However , the force of the wind was grossly underestimated and worksmanship was inferior .
Within four months of its opening , the bridge was destroyed by winds in a manner totally unanticipated by its engineers .
Building a new bridge following a familiar model can lead to complacency .
As such , its development into ever longer spans is following the historic pattern that in the past has led to failures .
To protect commercial banks from risking their own solvency -LRB- and the whole country 's solvency besides -RRB- once again , Richard Robb suggested that a small tax on banks ' short-term debts be imposed in order to deter banks from over-borrowing .
This is slowing the absorption into the economy of the excess resources in the construction industry .
What governments ought to do is `` stimulate '' an innovative economy , not endless roads , wind energy and other building projects .
There are also ideas to address speculative swings . They may induce wasteful investment and a loss in innovation .
A conceptual framework -- Imperfect Knowledge Economics -- recently developed by a Center member , Roman Frydman , in collaboration with Michael Goldberg , shows how excessive swings in asset prices arise from market participants ' imperfect understanding of the future rewards of their decisions .
Yale University 's Robert Shiller has suggested that I believe that Europeans lack dynamism owing to a deficiency of entrepreneurial `` spirit . ''
One could have predicted in advance of the recent boom how the 12 large OECD economies would rank simply by knowing the percentage of the population with a university degree , the OECD index of barriers to entrepreneurs , and the breadth of the stock exchange -LRB- measured by the market value of outstanding shares relative to GDP years before the boom -RRB- .
Consolidating peace following violent conflict has little chance of success unless jobs are created and the economy is quickly stabilized and brought onto a path of investment and growth with low inflation .
Of course , it may be that humanity has always been short on critical thinking . That 's why we keep allowing ourselves to be talked into supporting unjust wars -LRB- not to mention actually dying in them -RRB- , or voting for people whose main job seems to be to amass as much wealth for the rich as they can get away with .
The Extinction Puzzle With six billion humans and counting -- and our individual consumption growing -- we face enormous challenges in using our natural resources sustainably .
Bird extinctions are our best window onto humanity 's massive and irreversible environmental impact .
Estimates of the number of extinctions have tended to vary wildly , owing to differences in the assumed total number of species , which range from the one million species that have scientific names to an implausibly high estimate of 100 million species .
We have yet to do comparable analyses on the fate of Caribbean and Indian Ocean islands following first human contact , but it is likely that large numbers of extinctions occurred there , too .
Linneaus invented the modern process of naming species in the mid-1700 's , although naming did not get under way until the peace following Napoleon Bonaparte 's defeat in 1815 .
We have set the goal of growing at an average of 6 % annually , in order to attain , by 2018 , the per capita GDP now enjoyed by European countries such as Portugal and the Czech Republic .
Despite the devastating effects of the earthquake and tsunami of last February , Chile 's economy is already growing at close to 6 % , and we have created nearly 300,000 new jobs in the first nine months of my administration -- the highest in our country 's history .
They are grand , noble , and ambitious goals , but fully attainable for today 's Chile , the Bicentennial Chile , a Chile now viewing the twenty-first century with more optimism and enthusiasm than ever before .
Are ordinary Russians showing solidarity with a victim unjustly hounded by the British Crown Prosecution Service ?
Finally , a series of Western mistakes and misfortunes , a crisis in transatlantic relations , lack of leadership , and the growing threat of Islamic fundamentalism -LRB- in both the Middle East and Europe -RRB- have led Russian leaders to believe that the West is a sinking ship , to be abandoned as soon as possible .
For if Russia 's anti-Western paranoia continues and the Kremlin 's Eurasian fantasy of allying with China lasts another 10-15 years , Russia will end up seeing China swallowing its Far East and Siberia .
Indeed , the weakened Russia that will be Putin 's legacy will then also lose the Northern Caucasus and the Volga region to their growing Muslim populations .
I can not predict who will win this growing confrontation .
The two of them are building , or trying to build , the Nord Stream gas pipeline , an exceptionally costly project that satisfies twin strategic objectives .
Kissinger works personally with the Chinese account , jointly propounding with his long-time rival Zbigniew Brzezinski the notion , so seductive for an America growing weary of its imperial burden , of a global Big Two .
MOSCOW -- The Russian authorities have recently begun showing off the massive security measures being implemented ahead of the 2014 Winter Olympics in the Black Sea resort of Sochi .
The winner was Ramzan Kadyrov , one of the field commanders in the fighting .
Young Caucasians , perceiving themselves as a winning side in the Northern Caucasus , behave in increasingly provocative and aggressive ways on the streets of Russian cities .
The day after Medvedev 's departure from Vladikavkaz , terrorists blew up the ski lifts at the resort in Nalchik , not far from Sochi , where , for Russia , much more than winning medals will be at stake in 2014 .
Furthermore , tighter credit standards over a prolonged period are likely to fall disproportionately on cash-poor , fast-growing companies , with consequences for innovation , productivity , and ultimately growth potential .
The rational for affirmative action in those early years was the fact that , after a long history of systemic injustice , merely outlawing discrimination based on race or gender would not ensure equal opportunity for all .
Brazil 's bosses are cheering as loudly as its trade unionists for Lula nowadays , which is no surprise given the huge sums being spent on infrastructure , owing to massive public spending , the lavish capital-expenditure program of Petrobras , Brazil 's state oil company , and credits provided by state-owned banks to low-income housing .
But , even if Brazil can not keep growing as fast as China , it still looks likely to race ahead .
At root , low morale is just a consequence of the indifference of medical scientists , busy in their labs , allowing the social and emotional foundations of their field to rot away beneath them .
The conscious expression of this dream is an obsessive response to the certainty of biological death : the belief that a big enough win in the game of science will beat death itself by conferring a form of immortality on the winner .
Despite their setbacks and lost credibility following the torching of Bangkok 's central business district , the red shirts have grown in number and demonstrate monthly against Abhisit 's government .
In 2008 , after the self-exiled Thaksin 's proxy force , the People 's Power Party , took power following an election victory , the Thai government signed a joint communiqué agreeing to Cambodia 's listing of Preah Vihear Temple as a UNESCO World Heritage site .
If ASEAN is not allowed a mediating role , the Thai-Cambodian spat may wind its way back to the United Nations Security Council , which earlier delegated the issue to ASEAN amidst heavy lobbying by Cambodia and Thailand .
But sporadic shooting and verbal antagonism between the two sides will continue , as Thailand 's powers-that-be close ranks in a right-wing turn towards the symbols and institutions of royalism , entangling Hun Sen , who should have stayed on the sidelines , in the endgame unfolding in Bangkok .
The Pheu Thai party , led by Yingluck Shinawatra , the youngest sister of exiled fugitive former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , secured a resounding triumph , winning 265 seats in the 500-member assembly , while the ruling Democrat Party mustered just 159 .
The first question that any would-be Russian reformer should ask nowadays -LRB- and which we did not ask during Gorbachev 's perestroika -RRB- is the following , is society prepared to endure the short-term pains of reforms , and how willing it is to endure the pain ?
In reality , what Russia need are powerful independent social and political organizations that would say : in any presidential term the following things should be done to steer policy , thus making the question of who is president secondary .
Indeed , perestroika and the decade of reform that followed demonstrated that just following the formal structures of the Western democratic model is n't enough if Russia is to see reform implemented consistently .
Knowing this , larger and richer countries may be reluctant to take precautionary measures , as this would reward and thus encourage `` free riding . ''
Tuto warns that , should Evo win , he might consolidate a Latin American axis-of-evil connecting a leftist Bolivia with Fidel Castro 's Cuba and Hugo Chávez 's Venezuela .
Whichever man wins will face Bolivia 's seemingly intractable pair of ills : social-exclusion and poverty .
The Indian-run lodge I visited is part of a $ 175 million ecological tourism industry that has been growing at 20 % a year precisely because of the country 's natural splendor .
Since these are the fastest-growing large economies , the Bank 's revision has clipped half a percentage point off world growth over the last five years , according to the IMF .
Indeed , people in Beijing and Delhi are showing more equanimity than most would if their incomes were cut by 40 % .
The bottom line is that China and India are still large economies , growing rapidly , and consuming massive amounts of resources .
Hu 's move lifted bilateral relations out of the deep freeze , where China 's previous leadership had consigned them following Koizumi 's repeated visits to the Yasukuni Shrine , where the spirits of Japan 's war dead , including Class A war criminals , are enshrined .
The US must recognize that , while the countries of the region look to the US to balance -- or at least leaven -- China 's growing influence , they are unlikely to be interested in getting caught up in any containment strategy .
We need to recognize that what really matters is n't buying more and more consumer goods , but family , friends , and knowing that we are doing something worthwhile with our lives .
Indeed , the goal of the commemoration -- to help the world 's citizens `` rediscover their place in the universe '' -- now has the incidental benefit of distracting us from nasty things nearer to home , like swine flu and the global financial crisis .
The Quality of Mercy PRINCETON -- The recent release of Abdel Basset Ali al-Megrahi , the only person convicted of blowing up Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , in 1988 , sparked outrage .
It is hard to see what good would come from not allowing him to complete his rehabilitation and return to doing what he does best .
Calley always claimed that he was following orders .
But areas that used to be frozen are now thawing , releasing methane and thus contributing to further warming -- and to further thawing , which releases more methane .
Kagame then suggested giving every country an annual per capita quota for CO2 emissions , and allowing developing countries that are below the quota to trade their excess quota with countries that are above theirs .
It is also easy to predict that donor governments will be looking carefully at the ever-growing expenditure on the United Nations ' 14 peacekeeping operations around the world .
Allowing more informal financial institutions to channel foreign payments would ease the money flow to remote regions .
But if Georgians shiver through another energy-less winter in 2004 , they could well lose their patience -- and their trust in democracy .
This wo n't be easy for a regime based on the twin pillars of bureaucracy and the security apparatus .
Last year , more than a hundred people were killed in bush fires in Australia , following drought and record-breaking heat .
Owing to fossil-fuel emissions , there is now one-third more carbon dioxide in the atmosphere than at any time in at least a million years , as the latest ice drilling in Antarctica has revealed .
Extreme rainfall events will also become more frequent and intense in a warmer climate , owing to another simple fact of physics : warm air can hold more moisture .
Knowingly marching down that road would be insane .
There was surely a time when eschewing children and family was the only way that a woman could prove her commitment to science .
All this creates distortions that delay adjustment -- exchange rates are too low in emerging markets , slowing their move away from exports , while the ease with which the US government is being financed creates little incentive for US politicians to reduce spending over the medium term .
Rather than intervening to obtain a short-term increase in their share of slow-growing global demand , it makes sense for countries to make their economies more balanced and efficient over the medium term .
Legislation such as the US Glass-Steagall Act clipped their wings .
President George H.W. Bush is widely believed to have lost his re-election bid , despite winning a popular war in Iraq , because he seemed out of touch with public hardship following the 1991 recession .
Likewise , money fleeing low US interest rates -LRB- and , more generally , industrial countries -RRB- has pushed up emerging-market equity and real-estate prices , setting them up for a fall -LRB- as we witnessed recently with the flight to safety following Europe 's financial turmoil -RRB- .
There was a deeper concern behind this newly discovered passion for housing for the poor : growing income inequality .
The everyday consequence for the middle class is a stagnant paycheck and growing job insecurity .
The benefits -- growing consumption and more jobs -- were immediate , whereas paying the inevitable bill could be postponed into the future .
Why did the US not follow the more direct path of redistribution , of taxing or borrowing and spending on the anxious middle class ?
The deregulation and rapid expansion of banking in the US in the early years of the twentieth century was in many ways a response to the Populist movement , backed by small and medium-sized farmers who found themselves falling behind the growing numbers of industrial workers , and demanded easier credit .
Rather than subsidizing the price in the domestic oil market -LRB- and thus giving domestic manufacturers and consumers an incentive to use too much oil -RRB- , it would make far better sense to let the domestic price rise to the international price and distribute the windfall profits from foreign oil assets to the population .
But , because of political pressure exerted by small , powerful interest groups , windfall profits will inevitably be spent at home in unwise subsidies .
For example , in large countries like the United States or China , which account for a significant portion of world demand , the world price of oil is likely to be high when the country is growing strongly and citizens have lots of income , whereas the price is likely to be low when the country is doing poorly .
Even if the foreign company does not start squeezing out its minority owners , its government will be tempted to expropriate foreign owners through windfall taxes -LRB- if the government is sophisticated -RRB- or nationalization -LRB- if it is unsophisticated -RRB- -- especially if its voters feel , with the benefit of hindsight and populist incitement , that the assets were sold too cheaply .
It is in this kind of world that seemingly nonsensical behavior like growing grain in the desert to ensure food security begins to make sense .
With the help of some loyal -LRB- and foreign -RRB- engineers and enough new workers to replace strikers , the government kept the oil flowing , securing the resources needed to maintain the loyalty of mercenary forces who would otherwise have gone over to the opposition .
Moreover , economists contend that energy consumption per capita is declining , owing to more efficient use .
We now have the technological infrastructure to bring most job-related information to workers while allowing them to collaborate closely .
In 1981 , following Israel 's bombing of Iraq 's Osirak reactor , IAEA inspector Roger Richter told the US Congress how Saddam had blocked IAEA access to nuclear sites .
In 2003 , Libya 's renunciation of its secret weapons revealed how another country had hoodwinked the Agency .
Nuclear Targets LOS ANGELES &#45; &#45; Nuclear facilities as military targets ? The drumbeat appears to be growing louder .
But Somalia soon demonstrated that quagmires can be a two-way street . Following Ethiopia 's intervention , the Islamists found themselves out of power .
Rather than the dominos falling following America 's retreat from Saigon in 1975 , a Vietnam-Cambodian War ensued . This in turn stimulated China 's unsuccessful intervention in North Vietnam .
On his 57th birthday , he wore yellow instead of red , and substituted `` Socialist homeland or death '' with `` We will live and we will win . '' He told his movement : `` Those people who dress in red down to their underwear are suspect , and the same goes for the word ` socialism . '
But neither his tweets , his image as a sportsman , his government 's televised ministerial meetings , nor the articles in which he lashes out at the opposition have been able to stem a growing perception that his illness has launched an uncertain transition .
To his older brother Adán , he said sarcastically : `` I see you 're preparing for the succession . '' But faithful Adán , the governor of Barinas and a former education minister and ambassador to Cuba , is popular with neither Chávez supporters nor the opposition , owing to his inefficiency and corruption .
He has tried to win back the support of those who have abandoned his United Socialist Party of Venezuela -LRB- PSUV -RRB- or have stopped voting for it , and to win over those who are neither with him nor against him .
Nothing will be easy , given growing problems of security , governability , institutional stability , and economic performance , with the prospect of renewed global recession threatening oil revenues .
Confronted with the possibility of an unscheduled transition , the Venezuelan armed forces ' role will be difficult , owing to its politicization under Chávez , as well as its internal divisions and corruption .
The military can choose to uphold the elected government , regardless of which party wins , or prevent the eventual triumph of the opposition Mesa de Unidad .
For much of the developing world , the basic instability of international relations -- owing to terrorist strikes , guerrilla warfare , and the preemptive wars that America threatens on its enemies -- is aggravating socioeconomic anxieties and fueling doubts about the benefits of globalization .
And they must win people 's allegiance by the power of their values and their ideals -- not only by isolating terrorists and extremists , but also by helping , in meaningful ways , poor countries to prosper .
The nations of Asia have a particular affection for him , owing to the years he spent as a child in Indonesia .
Although his national security team consists of people who largely supported the war in Iraq , Obama has made it clear that his agenda includes withdrawing troops from that country .
So , because Asia lacks such institutional arrangements , personal diplomacy of the type that the Boao Forum represents , like the annual global winter gathering at Davos , remains vitally important .
The finest tribute Filipinos and other freedom-loving peoples can offer to Cory 's memory is for responsible citizens to work towards the vision of an empowered , bountiful future for which she and Ninoy aspired . Irrevocably , their names will forever be intimately intertwined with the peaceful revolution of 1986 which restored our liberty and democracy .
But the risk posed by these disputes is growing , because China 's relations with both the Philippines and Vietnam are at their lowest point in decades .
Of course , the governments of both countries recognize the need to maintain the stability and cooperation that have made East Asia the world 's fastest growing region .
But there is no institutionalized means to discuss and resolve the dispute , which is taking on greater significance almost daily , owing to the belief that vast mineral and energy resources lay on the sea bed around the Spratlys .
The Scientific Road to Copenhagen BERLIN -- On June 10 , 1859 , six months before Charles Darwin published his Origin of Species , the physicist John Tyndall demonstrated a remarkable series of experiments at the Royal Institution in London .
In this regard , another important development is the increasing number of emerging-market middle-class consumers , their growing purchasing power , and thus their potential impact on global demand .
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , underlining the importance of infrastructure investment , made the following proposal , which several leaders endorsed : `` Recycling surplus savings into investment in developing countries will not only address the immediate demand imbalance , it will also help to address developmental imbalances .
That idea is preposterous . In fact , the Foundation 's many contributions to the Islamic world include help following catastrophic natural disasters in Pakistan and Indonesia , providing medical supplies to the Palestinians under blockade , and allowing scholars and intellectuals to learn from each other by translating and publishing works from English into local languages and vice versa .
In Denmark , the telecommunications company TDC was taken over by a group of private equity firms in 2005 , with 80 % of the purchase financed by borrowing .
A better balance between production and consumption would avoid large swings in oil prices .
In services , trade barriers stand in the way of improved quality and efficiency , slowing the growth of a sector that could make a huge contribution to competitiveness and employment .
They continue to insist that mental illness is an illness like any other , despite many studies showing that the more we adopt this medical model , the more prejudiced and frightened we become .
Consider the following example .
And there are other risks stemming from humanity 's greater collective impact on the planet , and from the growing empowerment of individuals .
More disturbingly , coal , oil , and gas are projected to supply most of the world 's growing energy needs for decades to come .
We are clearly harmed if fish stocks dwindle to extinction .
During the past few years , Colombia has become one of the three most attractive destinations for foreign investment in Latin America , allowing it to cover a significant part of its external financing needs this year .
The current risk premium for government borrowing in international markets is very similar to that paid by Peru and Brazil , and much less than that demanded of Argentina , Venezuela , and Ecuador .
By guaranteeing to buy shares of a mutual fund , the central bank would provide an incentive for private investors to channel money to the stronger parts of the banking system while allowing the weaker parts to fail .
By allowing bad banks to fail , it solves the moral-hazard problem .
With Nobel prize-winning economists on both sides of the current debate about how to solve the unemployment problem , the public is rightly confused .
Some bank bosses will retire in shame , but with huge payments to ease their pain -- such as the $ 55 million golden parachute handed to Bank of America 's Ken Lewis , with his , and the £ 25 million pension bestowed on Royal Bank of Scotland 's Fred Godwin .
Proctor requested that the patent examination be continued , submitting additional patent claims and even changing his lawyers several times -LRB- allowing more bureaucratic delay -RRB- .
Meanwhile , the actual conduct of intrastate war is growing more , not less , barbarous .
Whether he is seeking to reform France 's judicial system , redrawing its administrative map , proposing a new alliance of Mediterranean countries , or seeming to end France 's ambiguous foreign policy of being both aligned and not aligned with the United States , Sarkozy is nothing if not ambitious .
Spillover effects are inevitable , and once a corrosive increase in inflationary expectations sets in , it becomes all the more painful to unwind .
With the Chinese economy still growing at close to 10 % per year , the government can afford to take more short-term policy risk in order to clear the way for its structural agenda .
Britain and Europe did the same , throwing lifelines to RBS , HBOS-Lloyds , Fortis , Hypo Real Estate , and others .
Here are ten reasons why it does n't pay to diagnose the Chinese economy by drawing inferences from the experiences of others :
I refused to accept the invitation from the president of the Human Rights Council at the time , Ambassador Martin Uhomoibhi of Nigeria , to lead the investigation following the Human Rights Council 's January 12 , 2009 resolution . As a former UN High Commissioner for Human Rights , I felt strongly that the Council 's resolution was one-sided and did not permit a balanced approach to determining the situation on the ground .
Both the Palestinians and the Israelis are legitimately angered at the lives that they are forced to lead : For the Palestinians , the anger about individual events -- the civilian casualties , injuries and destruction in Gaza following from military attacks , the blockade , the continued construction of the Wall outside of the 1967 borders -- feed into an underlying anger about the continuing Israeli occupation , its daily humiliations and their as-yet-unfulfilled right to self-determination .
This change in motivation requires changes in how the Union thinks about itself , changes that go beyond the ideas now circulating at the convention drawing up an EU constitution .
So the following question arises . Although it is logical that all Europeans want to give a strong institutional basis to Europe 's definitive and everlasting peace , and that we pragmatically unite our markets , these imperatives are insufficient to energize a Union with 25 members .
One also must avoid the fragmentation that doomed the left in 2002 , when none of its six candidates qualified for the second round , leaving Jacques Chirac , who had received 19 % of the vote in the first round -- a record low for a final winner - -- to defeat Jean-Marie Le Pen in the runoff with 82 % of the vote .
Sarkozy formed his government in the knowledge that French foreign policy has long been consensual . So he gave the reins of the key foreign policy arms of the French government to left-wing politicians .
This has been accompanied by a growing immorality of the system .
Throughout the world , the number of companies facing legal problems for various types of fraud is growing dramatically .
Gordon Brown 's slump in the United Kingdom ; the brutal shock of Spain 's economic downturn ; the difficulties of renewing Socialist leadership in France ; the collapse of the center-left coalition in Italy ; and severe infighting within Germany 's SPD : all point to social democracy 's seeming inability to seize the opportunity -- which the current financial crisis should present -- to exert greater influence .
In reporting on the crisis , the media have placed too much emphasis on finance alone , and have paid insufficient attention to the marked slowing of economic growth . But it is the economic slowdown that renders all developed countries less resistant to the financial shocks resulting from the sub-prime problem and from the mixed loan packages that are then used to dilute the risks attached to sub-prime debt .
Disagreements about how to re-regulate the financial markets are deep , owing to countless taboos and the huge interests at stake .
In real terms , wages no longer rose -LRB- indeed , the average real wage has been stagnant for 25 years in the US -RRB- , and a growing share of manpower -LRB- currently around 15 % -RRB- was without steady employment .
Ireland , Belgium , Italy , and the United Kingdom are still under threat , owing to large public debts or current-account deficits .
As a result , France suffers from growing inequality , high and still-rising unemployment , constant corporate restructurings entailing layoffs , threats to public services and social welfare programs , and a general feeling of insecurity .
This economic tsunami has come to us from the United States -- there is nothing in it for Europe , but the right-wing forces in all our countries , which have coalesced into the majority that governs Europe , have rallied to its support .
More often than not , the advocacy of simple panaceas was based on one or more of the following pathologies :
In agriculture and industry , price efficiency was achieved not by abolishing quotas and planned allocations , but by allowing producers to trade at market prices at the margin .
But it was only around 1990 that most emerging markets threw caution to the wind and removed controls on private portfolio and bank flows .
Or the central bank lets the markets go where they will , at the cost of drawing the ire of business , labor , the rest of the government , and , in fact , practically everyone except financial types .
For the winner of the cup was not Cameroon or Cote d'Ivoire or any of the other African teams loaded with star players from European leagues , but Egypt , which fielded only four players -LRB- out of 23 -RRB- who play in Europe .
Few Egyptian players would have been familiar to Europeans who watched that game , but Egypt played much better and deserved to win .
Nor was it a fluke : Egypt is consistently the most successful national team in the Africa Cup tournament , winning it five times previously .
Poor governance may , in general , be the binding constraint in Zimbabwe and a few other countries , but it was not in China , Vietnam , or Cambodia -- countries that are growing rapidly despite poor governance -- and it most surely is not in Ethiopia , South Africa , El Salvador , Mexico , or Brazil .
So he or she might advocate making the central bank independent in order to reduce political meddling , and changing the framework for managing fiscal policy -- setting up fiscal rules , for example , or allowing only an up-or-down legislative vote on budget proposals .
Too much focus on broad issues , such as rule of law and accountability , runs the risk that policymakers will end up tilting at windmills while overlooking the particular governance challenges most closely linked to economic growth .
What makes news nowadays is the growing list of mainstream economists who are questioning globalization 's supposedly unmitigated virtues .
While these worries hardly amount to the full frontal attack mounted by the likes of Joseph Stiglitz , the Nobel-prize winning economist , they still constitute a remarkable turnaround in the intellectual climate .
The cheerleaders ' true sparring partners today are not rock-throwing youths but their fellow intellectuals .
That is why the recent spike in food prices has led many food-growing countries to impose export restrictions and has caused near panic among those concerned about global poverty .
The big winners from farm reform in the US , the EU , and other rich countries would be their taxpayers and consumers , who have long paid for the subsidies and protections received by their farming compatriots .
Macroeconomic policymakers could have gotten their act together and acted in time to unwind those large and unsustainable current-account imbalances .
If necessary , the IMF can issue special drawing rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- to generate the global liquidity needed .
Left to their own devices , global financial markets provide too much credit at too cheap a price in good times , and too little credit in bad times . The only effective response is counter-cyclical capital-account management : discouraging foreign borrowing during economic upswings and preventing capital flight during downswings .
Macroeconomics may be the only applied field within economics in which more training puts greater distance between the specialist and the real world , owing to its reliance on highly unrealistic models that sacrifice relevance to technical rigor .
The G-20 promised to triple the Fund 's lending capacity -LRB- from $ 250 billion to $ 750 billion -RRB- , issue $ 250 billion of new Special Drawing Rights -LRB- a reserve asset made up of a basket of major currencies -RRB- , and permit the Fund to borrow in capital markets -LRB- which it has never done -RRB- if necessary .
First comes growth driven by foreign borrowing .
Foreign borrowing can enable consumers and governments to live beyond their means for a while , but reliance on foreign capital is an unwise strategy .
By capturing a growing share of world markets for manufactures and other non-primary products , these countries increased their domestic employment opportunities in high-productivity activities .
Countries that had been growing rapidly in the run-up to the great crash of 2008 typically had trade surpluses -LRB- or very small deficits -RRB- .
If in doubt , ask scores of emerging-market governments that had no difficulty borrowing in international markets , typically in the run-up to an eventual payments crisis .
In many of these cases -- Turkey during the 1990 's is a good example -- financial markets enabled irresponsible governments to embark on unsustainable borrowing sprees .
And economic volatility has actually increased in emerging markets under financial globalization , owing in part to frequent financial crises spawned by mobile capital .
The idea of such a tax was first floated in the 1970 's by James Tobin , the Nobel laureate economist , who famously called for `` throwing some sand in the wheels of international finance . ''
It would not have protected European and other nations from becoming awash in toxic mortgage assets exported from the US . And it would not dissuade governments intent on pursuing unsustainable monetary and fiscal policies financed by external borrowing .
No one wins .
But , before we relax , let 's remember that we still have not addressed the central challenge the world economy will face as the crisis eases : the inevitable clash between China 's need to produce an ever-growing quantity of manufactured goods and America 's need to maintain a smaller current-account deficit .
But now Strauss-Kahn is throwing cold water on proposals to tax international flows of `` hot money . ''
Received wisdom holds the United States Treasury and Wall Street responsible for the push to free up global finance . But far more influential may have been the change of heart that took place among French Socialists following the collapse of their experiment in Keynesian reflation in the early 1980 's .
Left unchecked , they will generate growing acrimony between China and other countries .
If China were allowed a free hand with industrial policies , it could promote manufactures directly while allowing the renminbi to appreciate .
We will henceforth prevent banks from trading on their own account and from growing too large , Obama declared .
Emerging markets have resorted to a variety of instruments to limit private-sector borrowing abroad : taxes , unremunerated reserve requirements , quantitative restrictions , and verbal persuasion .
According to The Wall Street Journal , the US Department of Energy -LRB- DOE -RRB- alone is planning to spend more than $ 40 billion in loans and grants to encourage private firms to develop green technologies , such as electric cars , new batteries , wind turbines , and solar panels .
The standard rap against industrial policy is that governments can not pick winners .
What determines success in industrial policy is not the ability to pick winners , but the capacity to let the losers go -- a much less demanding requirement .
So they contemplated only a `` thin '' globalization , with capital flows restricted largely to long-term lending and borrowing .
The Bretton Woods regime collapsed in the 1970 's as a result of the inability or unwillingness -- it is not entirely clear which -- of leading governments to manage the growing tide of capital flows .
They could not stop the Greek government from borrowing -LRB- indirectly -RRB- from the European Central Bank -LRB- ECB -RRB- as long as credit rating agencies deemed Greek debt creditworthy .
The ECB has lowered the threshold of creditworthiness that Greek government securities must meet in order to allow continued Greek borrowing .
If you want to keep borrowing money , you need to convince your lender that you can repay .
Since the late 1970 's , following the end of Mao 's disastrous experiments , China has done extremely well , experiencing unparalleled rates of economic growth .
ISTANBUL -- `` Turkish democracy is at a turning point , '' Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdo?an announced after winning a crucial vote in a referendum to change Turkey 's constitution .
Growth spread far beyond a few Asian countries , and , for the first time since the 1950 's , the vast majority of poor countries experienced what economists call convergence -- a narrowing of the income gap with rich countries .
This , however , was a unique period , characterized by a lot of economic tailwind .
So , while there may be fewer economic collapses , owing to better macroeconomic management , high growth will likely remain episodic and exceptional .
The big question for the world economy is whether advanced countries in economic distress will be able to make room for faster-growing developing countries , whose performance will largely depend on making inroads in manufacturing and service industries in which rich countries have been traditionally dominant .
The growing proportion of low-productivity labor has also contributed to rising inequality in American society .
Removing national governments ' ability to run large deficits and borrow at will is the necessary counterpart to a joint guarantee of sovereign debts and easy borrowing terms today .
Milton Friedman 's Magical Thinking CAMBRIDGE -- Next year will mark the 100th anniversary of Milton Friedman 's birth . Friedman was one of the twentieth century 's leading economists , a Nobel Prize winner who made notable contributions to monetary policy and consumption theory .
Following independence in 1975 , the government banned the export of raw cashew nuts to stimulate domestic processing .
The additional income accruing to farmers was probably no greater than $ 5.3 million , or $ 5.30 per year for the average cashew-growing household .
Economic historians point to financial revolutions as setting the stage for strong economic development in England -LRB- in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries , following the Glorious Revolution -RRB- , in the United States -LRB- after Alexander Hamilton in the 1790 's built up major financial structures in a primarily agricultural country -RRB- , and in Japan -LRB- after the Meiji Restoration -RRB- .
Financial firms sell assets , like Treasury bonds or real-estate securities , for cash , and promise to buy those assets back -LRB- i.e. , to repurchase them or , for short , to do a `` repo '' -RRB- , typically the following day .
But , when over-used by systemically vital firms , they can blow up the financial system , owing to its design defects .
Many fear nuclear risks , which are vivid , slowing the industry 's development amid safety concerns .
Consider the extent to which capital -- that is , shareholders -- rules in large businesses : if a conflict arises between capital 's goals and those of managers , who wins ?
Hence , contested elections are few , incumbents win the few that occur , and they remain in control .
The Constitution would create a new national government that could coin stable money , borrow , and repay debts , including the states ' defaulted Revolutionary War borrowings .
CAMBRIDGE -- To reduce the chance that a financial meltdown like that of 2007-2008 will recur , regulators are now seeking to buttress institutions for the longer-run -- at least when they can turn their attention from immediate crises like those of Greece 's debt , America 's ceiling on governmental borrowing , and the potential eurozone contagion from sovereign debt to bank debt .
When the bank wins on a derivatives trade , the clearinghouse pays the bank ; when the bank loses , it pays the clearinghouse .
Equally problematic is the fact that , while the clearinghouse and its participants can net wins and losses to reduce risk for those inside the clearinghouse , the clearinghouse does not assuredly eliminate the basic risk facing the entire financial system .
This is where the clearinghouse protects AIG , whose winning contract with BofA nets out against Bear 's losing contract with BofA .
Confronting the Global Water Crisis CAMBRIDGE -- Around the world , demand for fresh water doubles every 20 years , owing to increasing population and affluence .
Many argue that water is different from resources such as oil , because there are often no substitutes for water in most uses -LRB- particularly growing food -RRB- .
But we can avoid a crisis by embracing the following technical and managerial adaptations :
The unwinding of the US economy might even begin in 2006 , particularly if Japan continues to grow out of its doldrums , the US housing market softens dramatically , and Europe 's economic recovery accelerates .
Countries ' need for better infrastructure is no license to throw prudence out the window .
The name itself makes it a winner , and the presidents can enjoy watching the fireworks between suave British spy Bond -LRB- Sean Connery -RRB- and his fetching Russian KGB counterpart Tatiana -LRB- Daniela Bianchi -RRB- .
The opposition Democratic Party seems poised to take up growing wage inequality as a central issue in this year 's mid-term US congressional elections and in the 2008 presidential election .
To be sure , we economists have found that globalization appears to have played a far lesser role in growing wage inequality than have technological advances .
Conspiracy theories abound , particularly among the ranks of financial traders , for whom volatility is like wind to a sailor .
Traders did not win every battle , of course .
And hedge funds , unlike banks , can leverage their bets , borrowing to take on assets many times the size of their capital base .
The growing influence of Venezuela 's leftist president , Hugo Chávez , is casting a dark shadow over the region .
Some countries -- Chile , Columbia , and Costa Rica , for example -- remain committed to progressive growth-oriented and democratic regimes . But over the past year , allies of Chávez have come to power in countries like Ecuador and Bolivia , and just missed winning in a few others .
Nevertheless , a growing schism between left and right has led to a distressing level of policy paralysis .
By following through on plans to build a 2,000-mile wall across its southern border .
Nevertheless , Latin America remains the slowest growing of any of the world 's developing regions .
It is not only China and India that are growing faster . Central Europe , Central Asia , and the violence-ridden Middle East are growing faster , too .
Venezuela is merely being pulled along in China 's tailwind thanks to high oil prices .
Indeed , the main question for 2007 is whether macroeconomic volatility will continue to decline , fueling another spectacular year for markets and housing , or start to rise again , perhaps due to growing geopolitical tensions .
That may sound extreme , but some scholars , such as the 2004 Nobel Prize winner Ed Prescott , have shown that , historically , holding a large diversified portfolio of stocks long enough is generally a far better investment than ultra-safe US Treasury bonds .
Even more staggeringly , US borrowing now soaks up more than two-thirds of the combined excess savings of all the surplus countries in the world , including China , Japan , Germany , and the OPEC states .
People have enjoyed such huge capital gains over the past decade that most feel like gamblers on a long winning streak .
Nevertheless , Europeans generally agree that their societies produce the best lifestyles , even if their economies are less efficient than America 's in a Darwinian sense .
As huge winners from globalization , they want to avoid criticism of their trade and financial policies , which arguably remain considerably more protectionist than those of their rich-country counterparts .
A change on the horizon that will exacerbate current frictions is the growing importance of individualized health care .
In fact , this summer 's asset price correction reinforced a view many of us already had that the US economy was slowing , led by sagging productivity and a deteriorating housing market .
Though exchange rates are notoriously unpredictable , the best guess is that a slow unwinding of the massive US trade deficit will keep the dollar on a path of gradual long-term decline .
-LRB- What are the Chinese planning to do with all their ever-growing $ 1.4 trillion in reserves ?
Until now , Americans have been raking in profits by borrowing cheaply from pliant foreigners and investing the money in high-yield foreign equities , land , and bonds .
Unfortunately , faced with the growing risks to the dollar 's status , American policymakers , rather than nursing the country 's premier export , seem to be more interested in milking it .
Or will their growing strength serve to make globalization more sustainable by fostering great equality and fairness ?
But here , too , increasing workers ' legal and statutory rights , while allowing most unions to fade away , seems like the right approach .
Unfortunately , we are far more likely to see unions ' growing political influence become a major destabilizing force in trade and growth , with highly uncertain consequences .
Moreover , following recent changes at the World Bank , the US is aiming to follow the classic doctor 's dictum : `` First , do no harm . ''
For example , Professor Jeremy Bulow of Stanford University and I have shown that by endowing the World Bank with $ 100 billion dollars , it could carry out the tasks that it performs best more effectively and with greater transparency than it does today through borrowing and lending .
But the euro does have growing strengths .
The World 's Runaway Train CAMBRIDGE -- The global economy is a runaway train that is slowing , but not quickly enough .
Not allowing the necessary consolidation is weakening credit markets , not strengthening them .
Indeed , after years of attracting many of the world 's best and brightest into ultra-high paying jobs , collapsing investment banks are now throwing them out left and right .
In principle , the IMF could be allowed to print money -LRB- it already has its own accounting unit , the so-called Special Drawing Rights -RRB- .
If today 's constellation of exchange rates represents some excessive dollar and yen appreciation , especially against emerging-market currencies , when it will unwind ?
Inflation is Now the Lesser Evil CAMBRIDGE -- It is time for the world 's major central banks to acknowledge that a sudden burst of moderate inflation would be extremely helpful in unwinding today 's epic debt morass .
A growing number of savvy business people are also starting to wonder whether the United States will be able to right its economy anytime soon .
These concerns are valid , even more so given government 's growing role in the economy .
In research that Carmen Reinhart and I have done on the history of financial crises , we find that public debt typically doubles , even adjusting for inflation , in the three years following a crisis .
But , with debts in many countries rising to 80 % or 90 % of GDP , and with today 's low interest rates clearly a temporary phenomenon , trouble is brewing .
Brave New Financial World CAMBRIDGE -- A huge struggle is brewing within the G-20 over the future of the global financial system .
The growing role of the government , and the shrinking role of the private sector , almost surely portends slower growth later this decade .
Rebalancing the US-China Economic Relationship CAMBRIDGE -- As the global economy stabilizes , there is a growing danger that the United States and China will slip back into their pre-crisis economic patterns , placing themselves and the rest of the world at risk .
After all , huge US foreign borrowing was clearly a key factor in creating the recent financial mess , while China 's excessive reliance on export-driven growth has made it extraordinarily vulnerable to a sudden drop in global demand .
Moreover , with growing concerns about the sustainability of US fiscal policy , the euro has a huge opportunity to play a significantly larger role as a reserve currency .
The fact is global imbalances in debt and asset prices had been building up to a crescendo for years , and had reached the point where there was no easy way out . The United States was showing all the warning signs of a deep financial crisis long in advance of Lehman , as Carmen Reinhart and I document in our forthcoming book This Time is Different : Eight Centuries of Financial Folly .
It took the financial crisis to put the brakes on US borrowing train -- America 's current-account deficit has now shrunk to just 3 % of its annual income , compared to nearly 7 % a few years ago .
With the US government currently tapping financial markets for a whopping 12 % of national income -LRB- roughly $ 1.5 trillion -RRB- , foreign borrowing would be off the scale but for a sudden surge in US consumer and corporate savings .
Of course , the US government claims to want to rein in borrowing . But , assuming the economy must claw its way out of recession for at least another year or two , it is difficult to see how the government can fulfill its Pittsburgh pledge .
After all , credit also dried up during the 1991 global recession , and yet funds were flowing briskly within 18 months .
This local artist has lived through the stunning transformation of the city-state over the past 13 years , which has been driven by the kind of building boom that one associates with the fastest growing Chinese cities , not the Middle East .
Massive speculation and borrowing led to excessive debt burdens and ultimately , to default .
Though special , computer chess nevertheless offers both a window into silicon evolution and a barometer of how people might adapt to it .
Deep Blue shocked the champion , winning the match 3.5 to 2.5 .
Greece 's underground economy , estimated to be as large as 30 % of GDP , is already one of Europe 's biggest , and it is growing by the day .
Yes , nobody wants to be Japan , the fallen angel that went from one of the fastest growing economies in the world for more than three decades to one that has slowed to a crawl for the past 18 years .
Old people have retreated to villages , many growing their own food , their children having long abandoned them for the cities .
Until now , the government has been able to finance its vast debts locally , despite paying paltry interest rates even on longer-term borrowings .
First and foremost , there is its ever-falling labor supply , owing to extraordinarily low birth rates and deep-seated resistance to foreign immigration .
Moreover , if the Fund loses all credibility for catalyzing budget reform , its magnanimous bailouts will only serve to exacerbate the larger global sovereign-debt crisis that is brewing not just in Europe , but in the United States , Japan , and elsewhere .
Since that risk is then passed on to taxpayers , imposing taxes on financial firms in proportion to their borrowing is a simple way to ensure fairness .
The raging sovereign-debt problems in continental Europe , and the brewing ones in the US , Japan , and elsewhere are proof enough of that .
For , although globalization spins off a lot more winners than losers , many people are worried , and worried people press their leaders to slow things down .
Will the political winds shift to reinvigorate economic liberalization , with politicians reminiscent of Britain 's Margaret Thatcher or the US 's Ronald Reagan coming to the fore , breathing the fire of change ?
But I fear that change might cause a global economic crisis resulting from , say , an ugly unwinding of extravagant US borrowing trends .
But , as high-definition images of oil spewing from the bottom of the ocean are matched up with those of blackened coastline and devastated wildlife , a very different story could emerge .
Both seem set for a long period of slow credit growth , owing both to necessary stricter financial regulation and to the fact that their economies remain significantly over-leveraged .
Nobel Prize winners Robert Solow and Paul Krugman famously once questioned whether the proliferation of computers and technology would lead to bottom-line growth .
One reason , of course , is that the financial system takes time to heal -- and thus for credit to begin flowing properly again .
Nevertheless , Germany is a huge winner from global free trade , and it is hardly without tools and means to reduce its surpluses -- for example , by pressing to de-regulate its highly rigid product markets .
Allowing European debt problems to fester and grow by sweeping them under the carpet through dubious theatrics can only make those problems worse .
By nationalizing private debts , Europe is following the path of the 1980 's debt crisis in Latin America .
After three years of huge , crisis-driven exchange-rate swings , it is useful to take stock both of currency values and of the exchange-rate system as a whole .
True , given complex risk factors and idiosyncratic policy preferences , it has been particularly challenging of late to divine the logic underlying big exchange-rate swings .
In hindsight , these exchange-rate swings mirrored the initial collapse and subsequent rebound in global trade , helping to mitigate the recession .
Asian governments will probably gradually `` lose '' their battle in this war in 2011 , allowing their currencies to appreciate in the face of inflationary pressures and threats of trade retaliation .
Finally , currency chaos is the safest bet of all , with sharp and unpredictable swings in floating exchange rates around the world .
During the mid-2000 's , there was a brief window when some argued that currencies had become more stable as a corollary of the `` Great Moderation '' in macroeconomic activity .
The causes of growing inequality within countries are well understood , and it is not necessary to belabor them here .
Outside Cuba , North Korea , and a few left-wing universities around the world , no one takes Marx seriously anymore .
More importantly , it is very likely that countries ' abilities to navigate the rising social tensions generated by gaping inequality could separate the winners and losers in the next round of globalization .
Jailed swindler Bernie Madoff recently summed up a lot of people 's feelings about fiscal policy , declaring that `` the whole government is a Ponzi scheme . ''
But I would submit that Hollywood 's misgivings , however untutored , represent only the tip of a growing iceberg of resentment against the perceived injustices of globalization .
The simple truth is that corporations represent capital , and capital -- in the form of factories , equipment , machines , money , and even houses -- has been the single biggest winner in the modern era of globalization .
But , regardless of their cause , rapidly growing inequalities are a powerful force for instability everywhere , from wealthy America to rapidly growing China to reform-challenged Europe .
Growing inequality would not be such a problem if governments could simply raise taxes on the rich and strengthen subsidies to the poor .
Bernanke dismissed complaints about commodity prices and emerging-market inflation , arguing that these phenomena had far more to do with lax monetary policies and overly rigid exchange rates in fast-growing developing economies .
In unwinding QE , Bernanke must avoid another landmine , namely an unwelcome collapse in asset prices .
The Fed probably would argue that it is the job of regulators to make sure that asset bubbles do not induce too much borrowing and an eventual debt crisis , though of course monetary policy has to be in the mix .
The phrase `` Great Recession '' creates the impression that the economy is following the contours of a typical recession , only more severe -- something like a really bad cold .
Or perhaps the Commission realizes that the FTT will be dead on arrival , owing to disputes within Europe , and simply wants to gain political capital from an enormously popular proposal .
And , as the Oscar-winning documentary Inside Job rightly points out , no one whose other , less useful innovations helped cause the financial crisis -- politicians , financiers , and many others -- has really paid a price .
Perhaps the transmission mechanism would be through US banks , many of which remain vulnerable , owing to thin capitalization and huge portfolios of mortgages booked far above their market value .
The growing strength and coherence of the opposition is not due to the number of disaffected Chávez supporters alone .
As for a bit of history - following Guatemala 's transition from military rule to electoral democracy , Ríos Montt made several attempts in the 1990 's to run for president .
Whether Ríos Montt can win is a topic of intense debate .
He acknowledged -- as everyone does -- `` Iran 's right to pursue a nuclear program with peaceful intentions , '' but immediately asked for `` respect for the international agreements '' and underlined the fact that `` this is the road Brazil is following . ''
Moreover , the inflation criterion fails to allow for higher inflation in services and construction in faster-growing countries .
However , the possibility that rapid growth might generate higher inflation in fast-growing accession countries suggests that a slight increase in the permitted inflation margin - to , say , 2.5 percentage points - should be allowed .
Indeed , the world should expect a near recession in Russia and Brazil in 2009 , owing to low commodity prices , and a sharp slowdown in China and India that will be the equivalent of a hard landing -LRB- growth well below potential -RRB- for these countries .
The Dead Cat Bounce NEW YORK -- Mild signs that the rate of economic contraction is slowing in the United States , China , and other parts of the world have led many economists to forecast that positive growth will return to the US in the second half of the year , and that a similar recovery will occur in other advanced economies .
New York -- Recent data suggest that the rate of contraction in the world economy may be slowing .
Fifth , weak profitability , owing to high debts and default risk , low economic -- and thus revenue -- growth , and persistent deflationary pressure on companies ' margins , will continue to constrain firms ' willingness to produce , hire workers , and invest .
But if domestic demand does not grow fast enough in surplus countries , the resulting lack of global demand relative to supply -- or , equivalently , the excess of global savings relative to investment spending -- will lead to a weaker recovery in global growth , with most economies growing far more slowly than their potential .
This more challenging scenario of anemic recovery undermines hopes for a V-shaped recovery , as low growth and deflationary pressures constrain earnings and profit margins , and as unemployment rates above 10 % in most advanced economies cause financial shocks to re-emerge , owing to mounting losses for banks ' and financial institutions ' portfolios of loans and toxic assets .
The crowding out of private demand , owing to higher government-bond yields -- and the ensuing increase in mortgage rates and other private yields -- could , in turn , endanger the recovery .
A negative oil shock , together with rising government-bond yields -- could clip the recovery 's wings and lead to a significant further downturn in asset prices and in the real economy .
Consider the following facts .
Thus , a growing proportion of the workforce -- often below the radar screen of official statistics -- is losing hope of finding gainful employment , while the unemployment rate -LRB- especially for poor , unskilled workers -RRB- will remain high for a much longer period of time than in previous recessions .
They live from paycheck to paycheck -- often a shrinking paycheck , owing to the decline in hourly wages and hours worked .
The severe recession , combined with the financial crisis during 2008-2009 , worsened developed countries ' fiscal positions , owing to stimulus spending , lower tax revenues , and backstopping and ring-fencing of their financial sectors .
The Greek authorities and the EU had until recently denied the need for financing , owing to concern that it would signal weakness and create a stigma .
These are economies that , even a decade ago , were losing market share to China and Asia , owing to their labor-intensive and low value-added exports .
The ensuing loss of competitiveness manifested itself in large and growing current-account deficits and slowing growth .
Overspending countries are now retrenching , owing to the need to reduce their private and public spending , to import less , and to reduce their external deficits and deleverage .
Even China is showing signs of a slowdown , owing to the government 's attempts to control economic overheating .
Japan also suffers from low potential growth , owing to a lack of structural reforms and weak and ineffective governments -LRB- four prime ministers in four years -RRB- , a large stock of public debt , unfavorable demographic trends , and a strong yen that gets stronger during bouts of global risk aversion .
All of the eurozone 's peripheral countries ' GDP is still either contracting -LRB- Spain , Ireland , and Greece -RRB- or barely growing -LRB- Italy and Portugal -RRB- .
Even Angela Merkel -- in growing Germany -- has been weakened within her own coalition .
And politics is becoming nationalistic and nativist in many parts of Europe , reflected in an anti-immigrant backlash ; raids against the Roma ; Islamophobia ; and the rise of extreme right-wing parties .
That is why my best-case scenario is that the eurozone somehow muddles through in the next few years ; at worst -LRB- and with a probability of more than one-third -RRB- , the eurozone will break up , owing to a combination of sovereign debt restructurings and exits by some weaker economies .
Many more economic agents face serious credit and solvency problems , including millions of households in the US , UK , and the Eurozone with excessive mortgages , hundreds of bankrupt sub-prime mortgage lenders , a growing number of distressed homebuilders , many highly leveraged and distressed financial institutions , and , increasingly , corporate-sector firms .
The Fed 's 25-basis-point cut in December was puny relative to what is needed ; similar cuts by the Bank of England and Bank of Canada do not even begin to address the increase in nominal and real borrowing rates that the sharp rise in Libor rates has induced .
So the risk of something equivalent to a bank run for non-bank financial institutions , owing to their short-term liabilities and longer-term and illiquid assets , is rising -- as recent runs on some banks -LRB- Northern Rock -RRB- , money market funds , state investment funds , distressed hedge funds suggests .
The BoJ and the BoE are following suit , putting even more pressure on the eurozone , where a stubborn ECB would rather kill any chance of recovery for the PIIGS than do more QE , ostensibly owing to fears of a rise in inflation .
If allowing a currency to appreciate freely is costly , the second option is unsterilized foreign-exchange intervention .
This is effective in stemming upward exchange-rate pressure , but it feeds the beast : it exacerbates overheating in already fast-growing emerging markets , causing inflation and leading to excessive credit growth , which can fuel dangerous asset bubbles .
Aging populations in most advanced economies imply additional public debt in the long term , owing to non-fully-funded pension schemes and rising health-care costs .
That way , if the economy needed another targeted fiscal stimulus in the short run , financial markets would not respond by driving up borrowing costs .
In the periphery of the eurozone , the problem is the opposite : bond vigilantes are demanding that Greece , Ireland , Portugal , Spain , and Italy front-load fiscal consolidation or watch their borrowing costs go through the roof , risking them their market access and triggering a public-debt crisis .
Unfortunately , the main advanced economies are following a divergent path -- which , in some cases , will lead them in the opposite direction in 2011 .
Finally , Europe needs policies that restore competitiveness and growth to the eurozone 's periphery , where GDP is either still contracting -LRB- Greece , Spain , and Ireland -RRB- or barely growing -LRB- Italy and Portugal -RRB- .
These are : an anemic , below-trend , U-shaped recovery in advanced economies , as firms and households continue to repair their balance sheets ; a stronger , V-shaped recovery in emerging-market countries , owing to stronger macroeconomic , financial , and policy fundamentals .
That adds up to close to 4 % annual growth for the global economy , with advanced economies growing at around 2 % and emerging-market countries growing at about 6 % .
In 2011 , the US faces a likely double dip in the housing market , high unemployment and weak job creation , a persistent credit crunch , gaping budgetary holes at the state and local level , and steeper borrowing costs as a result of the federal government 's lack of fiscal consolidation .
The US corporate sector is strong and very profitable , owing to massive labor shedding , creating scope for increased capital spending and hiring to contribute to more robust and above-trend GDP growth in 2011 .
The attenuation of downside risks and pleasant surprises in developed and emerging economies could lead to a further increase in demand for risky assets -LRB- equities and credit -RRB- , which would reinforce economic recovery via wealth effects and lower borrowing costs .
Low interest rates on deposits and low lending rates for firms and developers mean that the household sector 's massive savings receive negative rates of return , while the real cost of borrowing for SOEs is also negative .
NEW YORK -- The countries known collectively as the PIIGS -- Portugal , Ireland , Italy , Greece , and Spain -- are burdened with increasingly unsustainable levels of public and private debt . Several of the worst-hit -- Portugal , Ireland , and Greece -- have seen their borrowing costs soar to record highs in recent weeks , even after their loss of market access led to bailouts financed by the European Union and the International Monetary Fund .
Europe can not afford to continue throwing money at the problem and praying that growth and time will bring salvation .
A similar battle is now brewing about America 's `` debt ceiling , '' which , if unresolved , introduces the risk of a `` technical '' default on US public debt .
But , since the end of April , a more persistent correction in global equity markets has set in , driven by worries that economic growth in the United States and worldwide may be slowing sharply .
Firms and consumers reacted to this year 's shocks by `` temporarily '' slowing consumption , capital spending , and job creation .
Second , the factors slowing US growth are chronic .
All of these economies were already growing anemically and below trend , as the ongoing process of deleveraging required a slowdown of public and private spending in order to increase saving rates and reduce debts .
A full-blown official bailout of Greece 's public sector -LRB- by the International Monetary Fund , the European Central Bank , and the European Financial Stability Facility -RRB- would be the mother of all moral-hazard plays : extremely expensive and politically near-impossible , owing to resistance from core eurozone voters -- starting with the Germans .
The eurozone 's current muddle-through approach is an unstable disequilibrium : kicking the can down the road , and throwing good money after bad , will not work .
Even fast-growing emerging markets -LRB- China , emerging Asia , and Latin America -RRB- , and export-oriented economies that rely on these markets -LRB- Germany and resource-rich Australia -RRB- , are experiencing sharp slowdowns .
Recent popular demonstrations , from the Middle East to Israel to the UK , and rising popular anger in China -- and soon enough in other advanced economies and emerging markets -- are all driven by the same issues and tensions : growing inequality , poverty , unemployment , and hopelessness .
While these protests have no unified theme , they express in different ways the serious concerns of the world 's working and middle classes about their prospects in the face of the growing concentration of power among economic , financial , and political elites .
The causes of their concern are clear enough : high unemployment and underemployment in advanced and emerging economies ; inadequate skills and education for young people and workers to compete in a globalized world ; resentment against corruption , including legalized forms like lobbying ; and a sharp rise in income and wealth inequality in advanced and fast-growing emerging-market economies .
Firms in advanced economies are now cutting jobs , owing to inadequate final demand , which has led to excess capacity , and to uncertainty about future demand .
With credit exhausted , the effects on aggregate demand of decades of redistribution of income and wealth -- from labor to capital , from wages to profits , from poor to rich , and from households to corporate firms -- have become severe , owing to the lower marginal propensity of firms\/capital owners\/rich households to spend .
Unfortunately , Germany and the ECB oppose this option , owing to the prospect of a temporary dose of modestly higher inflation in the core relative to the periphery .
Many European economies are already slowing , with some entering recession .
Moreover , beyond the housing market , excessive borrowing by financial institutions and some segments of the corporate and public sectors occurred in many economies .
Indeed , the growing disconnect between increasingly aggressive policy actions and strains in the financial market is scary .
But , with aggregate demand falling below growing aggregate supply , slack goods markets will lead to lower inflation as firms ' pricing power is restrained . Likewise , rising unemployment will control labor costs and wage growth .
There was also excess in the securitized products that converted these debts into toxic financial derivatives ; in borrowing by local governments ; in financing for leveraged buyouts that should never have occurred ; in corporate bonds that will now suffer massive losses in a surge of defaults ; in the dangerous and unregulated credit default swap market .
As the world concentrates on the war in Iraq , it should keep a watchful eye on India , suggests the novelist Arundhati Roy , because a form of Hindu fascism is growing ever stronger in the subcontinent .
In 1984 , following Indira Gandhi 's assassination , the ruling Congress Party presided over the massacre of 3,000 Sikhs .
Fighting religious fascism means winning back minds and hearts .
It means not allowing newspapers and TV to be hijacked by spurious passions and staged theatrics designed to divert attention from everything else .
Even if the opposition wins the recall , a new election might return Chávez to the presidency precisely because of this failing .
Improved agricultural productivity would benefit rural areas and give farmers a comparative share in the Union 's growing wealth .
That is a real enough danger to which policymakers must give serious thought as they reform the CAP on the basis of the following five pillars .
In addition to explicit protectionist measures , governments now plan actions that will affect others across the globe . For example , the large volume of public debt that industrial countries will issue will undoubtedly raise interest rates and affect developing country governments ' borrowing costs .
The IMF has , however , become far more neutral than it is given credit for -- though it could take more steps to distance itself from its past . These include abolishing any region or country 's right to appoint IMF management ; allowing the Fund to borrow from markets , so that it does not have to keep seeking key countries ' permission to expand ; eliminating any country 's official veto power over major decisions ; and having its agenda set by the IMFC rather than outside bodies .
But they said nothing about the terms and conditions that apply to following through on this intention -- i.e. , the act of secession itself .
It has held that accountability for the crimes of the dictators is a human right -- and thus trumps the impunity gained by many Latin American dictators as a condition of allowing democratic transitions .
In Argentina , even under President Raúl Alfonsin , the first democratically elected president following the military government , extrajudicial executions perpetrated by the country 's police accounted for one-third of all homicides .
Likewise , Tunisia 's foreign borrowing increased significantly in recent years , even as perceived corruption , as measured by Transparency International , worsened significantly .
In both countries , a narrow elite managed and manipulated the economy for their own benefit , but found it easy to win praise from the international financial institutions whenever they made gestures toward liberalization .
Instead , an independent commission should be established to examine the previous regime 's foreign-borrowing policy , its objectives and effects , and what lenders knew -LRB- or could reasonably be assumed to have known -RRB- about those objectives and effects .
Its mandate should be not only to allocate responsibility for past decisions , but also to forge recommendations for transparent , accountable borrowing in the future .
That recognition reflects a growing trend in international affairs : concerns about human security are displacing -- or , as in the US , being subsumed under -- traditional Realpolitik .
But does the Uganda operation , following so closely on the Libya intervention , herald a police role for the US whenever the UN or the ICC -- which , lacking their own police force , rely on their members and interstate cooperation -- judges it necessary ?
At the start of the new decade , too , Turkey 's geopolitical position , rich historical heritage , cultural depth , well-educated young population , ever-strengthening democracy , growing economy , and constructive foreign policy make it an indispensable country in a world transformed by rapid globalization .
Acting on these principles , Turkey is following a proactive foreign policy stretching from the Balkans to the Middle East and the Caucasus . This geography is Turkey 's natural historical and cultural hinterland .
Turkey is following a constructive and inclusive policy for these regions , which are marked by remarkable models of cohabitation , science , arts , culture , and civilization .
Today , Turkey is following a policy that represents a sense of justice in the Middle East , and is working toward the removal of artificial borders and walls among the region 's peoples .
The basis for our approach to humanity is the following principle of the famous Turkish poet Yunus Emre : `` We love and respect the created because of the Creator . ''
It has also been one of the least impacted by the global economic crisis , with growing foreign trade , a strong banking system , and diverse and prospering small and medium-size enterprises .
That is why we are following a proactive policy in multilateral institutions to facilitate an equitable sharing of our world 's resources .
Small right-wing parties in his coalition have already announced that his determination to do so will make them walk out of the government .
Understanding the Arab Military Mind A key aspect of winning any war is to define the goals .
For its part , Israel will win an objective military and political victory but is not able to destroy Hezbollah for several reasons .
For Israel , of course , developments in Gaza pose a great challenge . Israel has long since decided that it has no interest in renewing its control over the Gaza Strip .
Because Sunni Arabs , comprising less than 25 % of the population , knew that they could not win a democratic election , many of their leaders urged a boycott .
For example , one final exam is built around having students use Islamic texts to write an essay showing that non-Muslims living under Muslim rule should be treated fairly .
In promoting democracy , liberals reject the argument used by today 's rulers that the first free election would be the last , because Islamists would win and establish theocratic regimes .
The bad news , then , is that the conflict will go on for decades , owing to intransigence and growing chaos on the Palestinian side .
Everyone knew that Kadima would win and form a coalition with the moderate left Labor party , which managed a respectable second-place finish .
Nor could they be annexed to Israel , owing to the demographic problem implied by continued control over so many Palestinians .
The exchange rate fluctuations that came about following the shift to flexible exchange rates in 1973 were surprisingly large - far greater than fluctuations in domestic prices - and the question was why .
He worked on a range of problems , typically the major international and national economic issues of the day , drawing on his knowledge of economic history to illuminate the present .
And in the period prior to the financial crisis , the yen depreciated against most currencies , as well as having lower interest rates , so borrowing in yen and investing in high-interest-rate currencies such as the Australian dollar or the Turkish lira was very profitable .
This meant that an investor who was pessimistic about equities , but who might face constraints in hedging that risk by using derivatives or selling equities short , could reduce his exposure to equity markets by reversing the carry trade -- borrowing in Australian dollars and investing in Japanese yen , for example .
A little over three years ago , al-Qaeda was already a growing danger .
But the enemy can not win militarily .
They know that if they can win the battle of perception , we will lose our will and leave .
We can do it knowing that the great sweep of human history is for freedom - and that it is on our side .
The arrests of numerous terrorist suspects last month by French and German authorities made clear that no one nation can do the critical work necessary to win the struggle against extremists .
While the enemy is skillful at manipulating the media and using the tools of communications to their advantage , we have an advantage as well : truth is on our side , and , ultimately , truth wins out .
Making Peace Between Darwinism and Christianity
Making Peace Between Darwinism and Christianity
Every schoolchild learns how Galileo was forced to his knees to recant his belief that the earth revolves around the sun , or how the Church was up in arms again in 1859 , when Charles Darwin published On the Origin of Species , arguing that all living organisms , including humans , result from a long , slow process of evolution .
Darwin himself was much influenced by Christian ideas , especially where we least expect it : in his belief in natural selection -- the bane of the Church -- as evolution 's motive force .
Darwin argued that more organisms are born than can survive and reproduce ; that this leads to a struggle for existence ; and that success in this struggle partly reflects the physical and behavioral differences between the winners and the losers .
The winners are those that are well adapted to their environment -- that is , they develop features that help them to survive and reproduce .
Behind Darwin 's emphasis on adaptation lay his Christian upbringing .
Darwin accepted the design-like nature of organisms and their parts .
Science and religion still wrestle over the legacy of Darwin 's theory of evolution through natural selection .
As the well-known Oxford biologist Richard Dawkins notoriously remarked , `` Although atheism might have been logically tenable before Darwin , Darwin made it possible to be an intellectually fulfilled atheist . ''
But after Darwin and natural selection , we have a non-God-driven explanation for adaptation , making it possible to be a non-believer , even in the face of design-like organisms and their parts .
But Dawkins goes further and argues that if one is a follower of Darwin , then sensibly one ought to be an atheist .
Dawkins agrees with the Creationists on one thing : the incompatibility of Darwinism and Christianity .
Most thinkers back then accepted the Arab estimates that the universe was two hundred million miles across , which is enough room to swing quite a few cats -- or Oxford atheists !
You may not have to be a Christian in the light of Darwinism , but this does not mean that you can not be one .
In fact , Pope John Paul II , a man not usually described as soft in his religious commitments , has openly endorsed evolution , even Darwinism .
The Mind of the Right Jean Marie Le Pen 's stunning showing in the French presidential election stripped bare not only the malaise in traditional French politics , but also the deeper crisis facing Europe 's traditional democratic Conservatives , who now confront rising xenophobic parties in the Netherlands , Denmark , Austria , Belgium , and Germany .
Political parties that call themselves Conservative , and that are perceived as Conservative by voters , continue to win elections and assume power .
It is not wild-eyed extremism to insist that every conversation with an African leader should discuss what they are doing to win the battle against HIV\/AIDS .
It would be a tragedy if those who still want to control the media win by taking their tactics underground , behind closed doors .
Third , Africa is economically isolated , owing to very poor infrastructure , large over-land distances , and many landlocked countries .
But impoverished and slow-growing African countries like Ghana , Senegal , Mali , Benin , and Malawi are ranked as having less corruption than fast-growing Asian countries like Vietnam , Bangladesh , and Indonesia .
Bush 's refusal to set a deadline for withdrawing troops is not taken as a sign of resolve , but as a statement of America 's intent to remain in Iraq , establish a puppet regime , control the country 's oil and set up permanent military bases .
Peaceful diplomacy did the job , showing Qadaffi that reopening diplomatic relations with the West and abandoning Libya 's nuclear ambitions would be advantageous for its own future and that of the country .
The expanding hunger crisis reflects a lethal combination of growing rural populations and inadequate food yields .
Rural populations are growing because poor farm households choose to have many children , who work as farmhands and serve as social security for their parents .
Donors should lend their support by backing long-term solutions aimed at increasing food production , slowing population growth , and mitigating long-term global climate change .
Intensity measures a hurricane 's force , which includes wind speeds , and there has been some recorded increase .
One option is a shift to non-carbon energy sources , such as renewable energy -LRB- solar and wind power -RRB- and nuclear energy .
There is a growing body of expertise to help get the job done .
Other colleagues at the Earth Institute , and in similar research institutes , are making careful estimates of how these risks are evolving in view of changes in our planet 's climate , population , and patterns of international travel and human settlement . But political leaders are not using this kind of scientific information adequately , owing mainly to deep divides that persist between the scientific community , politicians , and the general public .
Politicians , in general , are experts at winning votes or building alliances , rather than at understanding the underlying global processes of climate , energy , disease , and food production that affect all of our planet 's inhabitants .
Politicians around the world trade favors for cash needed to win elections , and they often use that cash to buy the votes of desperately poor people .
The US preaches `` good governance '' in the shadow of an unprovoked war , congressional bribery scandals , and windfalls for politically connected companies like Halliburton .
Is it supporting real development needs , such as growing more food , fighting disease , or building transport , energy , and communications infrastructure ?
If development aid can be directed to real needs , then it should be given to poor and unstable countries , knowing that it will save lives , improve economic performance , and thus also improve the long-term prospects for democracy and good governance .
Fortunately , the American Red Cross and other organizations have been following the Rotary model , using private donations and private volunteers to fill the gap left by our political leaders .
An insight of Nobel Prize-winning game theorist Tom Schelling is especially useful in this context .
Ever since Winston Churchill led the conversion of Britain 's navy from coal to oil at the start of the last century , the Western powers have meddled incessantly in the affairs of Middle Eastern countries to keep the oil flowing , toppling governments and taking sides in wars in the supposed `` great game '' of energy resources .
Even if it were closer to the top , overthrowing Saddam Hussein to ensure oil supplies in 50 years ranks as the least plausible of strategies .
We tap that solar power in many fundamental ways -- food production , wind power , hydroelectric power , solar heating , solar-thermal electricity , solar panels -- but the possibilities for greatly increased use of inexpensive , widely available , and environmentally friendly solar power are huge .
But the deeper truth is that Darfur is unstable because it is home to an impoverished and fast-growing population without adequate supplies of water , food , health clinics , schools , and other basic services .
Climate change , deforestation , growing populations , and other ecological strains will challenge the very survival of hundreds of millions of people around the world in the coming decades .
We are seeing again and again that a foreign army , whether NATO 's in Afghanistan , America 's in Iraq , Israel 's in occupied Palestine , or Ethiopia 's in Somalia , may win a battle , or even a war , but never the peace .
The United States government has proven itself blind to these facts , but the international community also remains ill equipped to assist in the restoration of peace following conflicts in impoverished countries .
When such aid is made available quickly , former soldiers will return to their farms , and can establish a livelihood by the beginning of the first growing season following the end of hostilities .
Solar panels and wind turbines can provide off-grid power in isolated rural areas . Wells and cisterns can be put in place to ensure safe drinking water .
Yet the window of opportunity closes quickly .
But the window of opportunity closes quickly in these and other post-conflict regions .
The science is clear , manmade changes in climate are being felt , and the electorate 's demand for action is growing .
That report was unequivocal : there is a powerful scientific consensus that human activity , mainly the burning of fossil fuels -LRB- coal , oil , gas -RRB- , as well as deforestation and other land uses -LRB- such as growing paddy rice -RRB- , leads to massive emissions of carbon dioxide into the air .
We humans are now so aggressively fishing , hunting , logging , and growing crops in all parts of the world that we are literally chasing other species off the planet .
Soon after the summit , I was invited to a small , high-level meeting to discuss the summit 's follow-up . I asked for a spreadsheet showing the year-by-year planned increases , and the allocation of those planned increases across donor and recipient countries .
Shanghai 's overall economy is currently growing at around 13 % per year , thus doubling in size every five or six years .
For the past ten years , the greatest practical barrier to peace has been Israel 's failure to carry out any true withdrawal to its 1967 borders , owing to the political weight of hundreds of thousands of settlers in the West Bank and the religious and secular communities that support them .
But a growing number of programs around the world are proving that the death and illness of the poor can be reduced sharply and rapidly with targeted investments in public health programs .
Various working groups prepare reports by scrupulously reviewing scientific publications .
The review process is transparent and governments are invited to participate by nominating experts to various working groups , reviewing and commenting on IPCC draft documents , and approving final IPCC reports .
They are all poor , buffeted by natural disasters -- especially floods , droughts , and earthquakes -- and have rapidly growing populations that are pressing on the capacity of the land to feed them .
When the opposition tried to challenge these inconsistencies , the ECK abruptly declared Kibaki the winner .
Only if both sides accept that there was no clear winner is it reasonable to call for power-sharing -LRB- or a new election -RRB- .
And we will have to engage major companies in a new way , giving them ample incentives and market rewards for success , without allowing them to hold a monopoly on successful technologies that should be widely adopted .
But Bernanke was a Fed governor in the Greenspan years , and he , too , failed to diagnose correctly the growing problems with its policies .
What was distinctive this time was that the new borrowing was concentrated in housing .
But this time , credit expansion is not flowing into housing construction , but rather into commodity speculation and foreign currency .
Higher prices reflect basic conditions of supply and demand . The world economy -- especially China , India , and elsewhere in Asia -- has been growing rapidly , leading to a steep increase in global demand for energy , notably for electricity and transport .
Worldwide economic growth is already slowing under the pressures of $ 135-per-barrel oil and grain prices that have more than doubled in the past year .
As a result , the world economy has been growing at around 5 % per year in recent years .
Looking ahead , the world economy will need to introduce alternative technologies that conserve energy , water , and land , or that enable us to use new forms of renewable energy -LRB- such as solar and wind power -RRB- at much lower cost than today .
Scientists and engineers have developed many powerful ways to address today 's challenges , whether growing food , controlling diseases , or protecting the environment .
The Nobel Prize-winning global scientific process called the Inter-Governmental Panel on Climate Change -LRB- IPCC -RRB- has set the gold standard for scientific rigor in analyzing the threats of human-induced climate change .
Fundamentalism seems to emerge in times of far-reaching change , when traditional social arrangements come under threat . The surge of modern American fundamentalism in politics dates to the civil rights era of the 1960 's , and at least partly reflects a backlash among whites against the growing political and economic strength of non-white and immigrant minority groups in US society .
In both cases , increases in asset values led US households to think that they had become vastly wealthier , tempting them into a massive increase in their borrowing and spending -- for houses , automobiles , and other consumer durables .
Many large economies , including China , Germany , Japan , and Saudi Arabia , have very large export surpluses , and so have been lending to the rest of the world -LRB- especially to the US -RRB- rather than borrowing .
Low taxes and deregulation produced a consumer binge that felt good while it lasted , but also produced vast income inequality , a large underclass , heavy foreign borrowing , neglect of the environment and infrastructure , and now a huge financial mess .
Businesses are reluctant to invest at a time when consumer demand is plummeting and they face unprecedented risk penalties on their borrowing costs .
First , the US can not continue borrowing from the rest of the world as it has for the past eight years .
The adjustments needed amount to a sizeable deficit-to-balance swing of around $ 700 billion in the US current account , or nearly 5 % of US GNP .
Either technology will depend on a national electricity grid that uses low-emission forms of power generation , such as wind , solar , nuclear , or coal-fired plants that capture and store the carbon-dioxide emissions .
Global Macroeconomic Cooperation NEW YORK -- The world has yet to achieve the macroeconomic policy coordination that will be needed to restore economic growth following the Great Crash of 2008 .
One powerful way to boost the world economy and to help meet future needs is to increase spending on key infrastructure projects , mainly directed at transportation -LRB- roads , ports , rail , and mass transit -RRB- , sustainable energy -LRB- wind , solar , geothermal , carbon-capture and sequestration , and long-distance power transmission grids -RRB- , pollution control , and water and sanitation .
These regions , including Sub-Saharan Africa and Central Asia , are suffering harshly from the global crisis , owing to falling export earnings , remittances , and capital inflows .
The consequences are harrowing : drought and famine , loss of livelihood , the spread of water-borne diseases , forced migrations , and even open conflict .
Moreover , the Himalayan glaciers that feed Pakistan 's rivers may melt by 2050 , owing to global warming .
We will need new technologies to mobilize large-scale solar power , wind power , and geothermal power .
And the US will need a new power grid to carry renewable energy from low-density population sites -- such as the southwestern deserts for solar power and the northern plains for wind power -- to the high-density populations of the coasts .
The negotiations would discuss the range of options open to each country and region -- from CCS to solar , wind , and nuclear power -- and would sketch a timetable for a new generation of low-emission automobiles , recognizing that market competition as well as public financing will set the actual pace .
Farmers will be able to buy inputs , either out of their own cash , or by borrowing against their improved creditworthiness .
Rising unemployment compounded the loss of household wealth , throwing families into deep economic peril and leading to further cutbacks in consumer spending .
The Volt 's battery will be a cutting-edge , high-performance lithium-ion battery , which promises a range of 40 miles per charge and a six-hour recharge time drawing from a normal wall socket .
Solar , wind , or nuclear power -- all free of CO2 emissions -- can feed the power grid that will recharge the batteries .
When the Kyoto Protocol was adopted in 1997 , Clinton did not even send it to the US Senate for ratification , knowing that it would be rejected .
Based on these factors , one analysis counts 50 likely Democratic `` Yes '' votes and 34 Republican `` No '' votes , leaving 16 votes still in play . Ten of the swing votes are Democrats , mainly from coal states ; the other six are Republicans who conceivably could vote with the president and the Democratic majority .
Yet China has announced a set of major initiatives -- in solar , wind , nuclear , and carbon-capture technologies -- to reduce its economy 's greenhouse-gas intensity .
These actions put the US under growing pressure to act .
Powerful resistance to higher taxes , coupled with a growing list of urgent unmet needs , has led to chronic under-performance by the US government and an increasingly dangerous level of budget deficits and government debt .
Obama so far seems unable to break this fiscal logjam . To win the 2008 election , he promised that he would not raise taxes on any household with income of less than $ 250,000 per year .
We are witnessing a predictable process by ideologues and right-wing think tanks and publications to discredit the scientific process .
This year , despite a massive budget crisis , the UK government has heroically honored its aid commitments , showing that other countries could have done so if they had tried .
He should propose a sound strategy over the next 20 years for reducing America 's dependence on fossil fuels , converting to electric vehicles , and expanding non-carbon energy sources such as solar and wind power .
NEW YORK -- America 's political and economic crisis is set to worsen following the upcoming November elections .
Indeed , all major legislation and reforms are likely to be stalemated until 2013 , following a new presidential election .
Swedes recently gave enough votes to a right-wing , anti-immigrant party to give it representation in parliament , reflecting a growing backlash against the rising number of immigrants in Swedish society .
Unless we break the ugly trends of big money in politics and rampant consumerism , we risk winning economic productivity at the price of our humanity .
This two-speed global economy largely reflects the fact that the 2008 financial crisis began with over-borrowing by the rich countries themselves .
The periphery of the European Union -- Ireland , Portugal , Spain , and Greece -- also began a borrowing binge a decade ago , upon joining the euro , fueling a real-estate boom that likewise went bust .
Emerging economies , for the most part , avoided this disastrous over-borrowing . One reason , certainly , was the vivid memory in Asia of the 1997 financial crisis , which underscored the need for limits on bank borrowing and capital inflows .
Their answer was straightforward : the crisis began with US over-borrowing , so it is America 's responsibility , not theirs , to clean up the mess .
This was the first time that long-term development issues had been put so clearly on the G-20 agenda , and it is a sign of the growing geopolitical weight of the group 's emerging-market members .
This level of annual borrowing is far too high for comfort .
Yet when the actual budget proposals are made , there will be a growing backlash .
Unemployment in the US now stands at nearly 10 % of the labor force , in part because more new jobs are being created in the emerging economies , and many of the jobs now being created in the US pay less than in the past , owing to greater global competition .
China 's economy is growing at around 10 % annually .
India 's is growing at nearly the same rate .
Africa , long the world 's slowest-growing region , is now averaging roughly 5 % annual GDP growth . Overall , the developing countries are growing at around 7 % per year , and the developed economies at around 2 % , yielding a global average of around 4.5 % .
With the world economy growing at 4-5 % per year , it will be on a path to double in size in less than 20 years .
In many populous parts of the world , including the grain-growing regions of northern India , northern China , and the American Midwest , farmers are tapping into groundwater to irrigate their crops .
If our societies are run according to the greed principle , with the rich doing everything to get richer , the growing resource crisis will lead to a widening divide between the rich and the poor -- and quite possibly to an increasingly violent struggle for survival .
Everywhere in the leading countries -- the US , the United Kingdom , China , India , and elsewhere -- the rich have enjoyed soaring incomes and growing political power .
The result is a growing youth unemployment crisis among poor and working-class youth .
America 's failure to win any lasting geopolitical advantage through the use of military force in Iraq and Afghanistan underscore the limits of its power , while its budget crisis ensures that it will cut its military resources sooner rather than later .
Pastoralism has long been a harrowing existence in the Horn of Africa .
These boundaries , together with growing populations of sedentary farmers , have hemmed in pastoralist communities .
Several countries in the Arabian Peninsula , just across the Red Sea from the Horn , are also showing an encouraging readiness to deploy their oil earnings for emergency relief and long-term development .
The Islamic Development Bank , representing the 57 members of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation , is also showing leadership .
First , it has increased the scope for tax evasion , owing to a rapid proliferation of tax havens around the world .
Moreover , globalization has created losers as well as winners .
Start with the growing calls for greater social justice .
A growing body of evidence suggests that this media proliferation has countless ill effects .
Other countries log far fewer viewing hours .
Moreover , heavy TV viewing has contributed to social fragmentation .
Robert Putnam , the leading scholar of America 's declining sense of community , has found that TV viewing is the central explanation of the decline of `` social capital , '' the trust that binds communities together .
Certainly , heavy TV viewing is bad for one 's physical and mental health .
Many neuroscientists believe that the mental-health effects of TV viewing might run even deeper than addiction , consumerism , loss of social trust , and political propaganda .
The American Academy of Pediatrics recently warned that TV viewing by young children is dangerous for their brain development , and called on parents to keep children under two away from the TV and similar media .
Thus drug companies must keep plowing their earnings back into research and development .
Any viable solution requires that the following conditions be satisfied :
If politicians cave in here -- say , by eliminating patent protection , imposing price controls , or allowing re-import of drugs from poor countries -- innovation for new drugs will stall .
Australia 's dollar depreciated from 78 US cents per Australian dollar in May 1997 to just 53 US cents per Australian dollar in May 2001 . This helped maintain Australia 's exports and kept the economy growing at around 2 % per year , while Argentina 's economy has been shrinking at around 2 % per year .
Early investors make a fortune , drawing other investors in .
The biggest mistake would be to launch a war in response to a terrorist attack -- the kind of response that sent the world into World War I following the terrorist assassination of Archduke Ferdinand in Sarajevo .
The following steps are most needed :
Each country is interested in knowing whether its policies and institutions stack up against those of other nations in the capacity to achieve and sustain economic growth .
The growing role of the UN in this process puts the seal of international law and diplomacy over the global struggle against terrorism , and helps to reassure many countries that this is a true international effort , not just the US acting alone .
The growing role of international institutions under the UN umbrella provides greater confidence that disputes can be addressed peacefully and even sensibly , with significant inputs of scientific expertise as in the Climate Change treaty .
Some of these countries have been among the world 's fastest growing economies in recent decades .
One such standard , which might conceivably win international consent , would be an `` international term limit '' on heads of government .
Currency exchange rates have a tendency to return to long-run average values following large deviations .
The strength of the dollar has similarly distorted investment decisions , and the same kinds of exaggerated swings in exchange rates in emerging markets have contributed to the boom-bust cycles in Asia and Latin America in the past five years .
Part of the growing climate effect results from our sheer numbers .
These growing environmental risks are complex .
If rich countries do n't pay heed to such structural issues , we will find that the gaps between the world 's winners and losers will continue to widen .
A good window on postwar US policy in Iraq can be found in key documents written by and for the Bush Administration before September 11 , when the analysis of the Middle East was much less infected by today 's fears .
But the anti-Iraq War protests reveal a new dynamic . Up to 10 million protestors in some 60 countries and 600 cities took to the streets on schedule on a single day , February 15 , showing that mass politics can now be approached globally .
Rumsfeld 's hidden mission was to win Saddam 's support of a Bechtel-built oil pipeline to run from Iraq via Jordan to the Gulf of Aqaba .
Extremists on both sides `` win '' their battle to undermine the peace process .
Even today , the US blocks aid for Haiti because some right-wing US Congressmen are intent on toppling President Aristide , whom they abhor .
Rather than bolstering its military occupation , the US should leave Iraq , allowing the UN to continue its mission .
The US could save itself tens of billions of dollars per year by withdrawing its troops from Iraq .
The forced resignation of Bolivia 's President Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada , following a month of violent demonstrations , marks a tragic milestone whose meaning extends far beyond his impoverished country .
Virtually all of South America has been in deep economic malaise of late , with high unemployment , rising poverty , and growing social unrest .
Evo Morales , the leader of the coca growers ' federation , came within a whisker of winning the presidency , helped by the US ambassador 's warning that his election would be seen as hostile to America .
In January 2002 , American right-wingers were terrified of a leftist revolution in Brazil .
The IMF , for a change , did a good job , providing interim financing and throwing its political backing behind Lula after the elections .
These challenges - petroleum scarcity , growing instability in the Middle East , and climate change - require clear thinking .
Others declare that we must kick the fossil fuel habit and make a mad dash for renewable energy sources such as solar or wind power .
Barbarous thinking comes easily , and right-wingers fuel the fervor , as when Rush Limbaugh said on his radio program `` They 're the ones who are perverted .
When the former government lost the vote this past May , and Singh 's government came into office , there were fears that Singh would be hamstrung by left-wing coalition partners , who would demand that market reforms be dismantled as the price of their participation in the new ruling coalition .
But even India , with its growing economy , can not afford to make these investments out of national resources .
Fromkin shows that the assassination of Ferdinand merely provided Germany an excuse to fight a European War while it still had , according to its calculations , a chance of winning .
Children in urban war zones die in vast numbers from diarrhea , respiratory infections , and other causes , owing to unsafe drinking water , lack of refrigerated foods , and acute shortages of blood and basic medicines at clinics and hospitals -LRB- that is , if civilians even dare to leave their houses for medical care -RRB- .
On November 14 , the front page of The New York Times led with the following description : `` Army tanks and fighting vehicles blasted their way into the last main rebel stronghold in Falluja at sundown on Saturday after American warplanes and artillery prepared the way with a savage barrage on the district .
They explained that until recently this was a perennial river -- one that flows throughout the year -- but now the river stops flowing during the dry season .
At the same time , Bush supported expenditure increases for popular items like education and prescription drug benefits , but paid for these services by borrowing the money rather than ensuring sufficient tax revenues .
Sea levels are rising , and could climb sharply if global warming leads to a destabilization of the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets . In short , the scientific evidence is strong and growing that the planet is at grave risk , with many ill effects already being felt and more to come .
So the long term could be long in coming . Courageous Iranians who have labored to reform their country may continue to feel as though they are plowing the seas .
They would smile and wave and throw us whatever gifts they happened to have -- playing cards , chewing gum , lifesaver candies ... For us they were like heroes from another world . ''
A Pakistani intellectual once confessed to me , `` I fear the weak electoral showings of Islamists in Pakistan has more to do with the fact that a compelling , charismatic Islamist leader -- a Pakistani Hassan Nasrallah -- has yet to emerge , not that his message would n't resonate . ''
With no need to tax the public , Nigeria 's government has little incentive to provide services efficiently : oil revenues are manna from heaven and keep flowing regardless of what the public sector delivers .
One lesson from Lebanon 's recent history stands out above all others : in divided political societies such as Lebanon and Iraq , coalition democracy is preferable to majoritarian winner-takes-all democracy .
In terms of drawing up a new constitution , the Lebanese principle of government by power sharing must be a central pillar .
But the United States in fact facilitated Iran 's growing influence by toppling Saddam Hussein 's regime and that of the Taliban in Afghanistan , thus removing two factors that had kept the Iranian regime hemmed in for the last two decades .
Moreover , high oil prices have filled the national treasury , and Iran is benefiting from the opportunity created by America 's being bogged down in Iraq and the growing international weight of Russia and China .
If Iran does not properly manage its growing power , it could unwittingly trigger a drawn out sectarian war throughout the region , a nuclear arms race with Saudi Arabia and Egypt , and war with Israel , the US , or both .
Iran 's regional foreign policy has not yet caught up with its new pre-eminence ; it is making as many enemies as it is gaining friends , and it might squander the windfall gains that it made in the past three years .
But they did not have the resources to keep up with their own growing populations .
As the US\/Singapore deal shows , discriminatory bilateral and regional initiatives are growing more popular .
A twenty-first century Quixote tilting at the windmills of canned politics ?
Nor can one argue that Brazil 's government under President Lula has not been characterized by moderation , following a more orthodox economic policy even than that of its predecessor , one based on fiscal discipline , budget surpluses , and an anti-inflationary monetary policy .
Oscar Arias is winning in Costa Rica .
Following the recent series of scandals , the average Indian does not believe this anymore .
So far , this new group has been too busy climbing the income ladder to express their resentment at the excesses of the elite , but one can feel a growing sense of anger among its members .
Population may keep growing until mid-century , owing to rising longevity , but , reproductively speaking , our species should no longer be expanding .
It now stands at 1.8 in China , owing to the authorities ' aggressive one-child policy , while rapid urbanization and changing social attitudes have brought down India 's TFR to 2.6 .
The United States is one of a handful of advanced countries with a growing workforce , owing to its relative openness to immigration .
The lack of transparency that surrounds Pakistan 's fight against `` terrorism '' is contributing to a growing public sentiment against the anti-militancy drive , which is largely perceived to be taking place under US pressure .
So why not stick to a winning formula where energy is concerned ?
Politicians who come to power by winning a free and fair election are accountable primarily to voters .
Even winners of competitive elections have commitments to their campaign teams and sponsors .
The violence began following an ordinary conflict between two small groups of young people over a taxi .
Until countries create legal means of rewarding donors , the fates of Third World donors and the patients who need their organs to survive will remain morbidly entwined .
In these countries , too , screening mechanisms have been strengthened , and China and Russia , as well as some other emerging markets , are following suit .
This is precisely what happened in Japan after the yen was revalued by over 50 % against the dollar between 1985 and 1987 , following the Plaza Accord .
The 80 + age group makes up the fastest-growing segment of the population ; its share of the over-60 population will increase from 12 % to 19 % by 2050 .
Even if rich countries choose increased imports , the growing volume of trade will merely expand an existing channel for routing the effects of an aging population onto developing countries .
This is needed to address the infrastructure bottlenecks that are holding back investment by companies in other sectors and slowing the development of agriculture .
At the same time , it should expect the opposition to endorse the establishment of an international tribunal to adjudicate the matter of the assassination of former Prime Minister Rafiq Hariri , albeit after clarifying and narrowing the current excessively broad United Nations rules governing the investigation .
At the other end , conservatism in many European countries has historically veered too close for comfort to right-wing extremism . In Germany today , conservatism was forged in the wake of the Weimar Republic 's failures , experiences unknown to Anglo-Saxon conservatives .
As we open ourselves to the wind 's of globalization , we must also strengthen the local institutions that foster social ties and identity , such as the family , local and regional communities , religious communities , and the tradition of voluntary worker solidarity - all which have been neglected in recent years .
Furthermore , we welcomed the interest shown by Russia and Ukraine in contributing to `` Active Endeavor , '' our anti-terrorist naval operation in the Mediterranean , as another sign of the growing strategic value of our partnership with these countries .
With China 's growing economic clout , rising standard of living , and increasingly respected place in the world , one would hope that the Chinese and their leaders would find a way to let go of the dead .
Instead of assuming a new national paradigm based on the reality of their accomplishments -LRB- national unity , robust international trade , and growing global influence -RRB- , China 's leaders cling to the old paradigm of their country as victim , the `` sick man of Asia '' being `` cut up like a melon '' by predatory imperial and colonial powers like Japan .
If it is to be achieved , US officials must restrain themselves from exacerbating old fears by viewing China as a threat .
It would be an immensely encouraging sign of China 's growing maturity if its leaders used this moment to look beyond the bitter past toward a new future with Japan .
I fear that China 's leaders and people will continue to feel a certain gnawing , inchoate sense of deficiency and incompleteness in their quest for global respect until they find the strength to begin addressing the crucial , but elusive , issue of making China an ethical , as well as an economic and military , power .
It was better to hush up the mass famine that killed 30 million people following the Great Leap Forward in the late 1950 's and early 1960 's than to seem to be in need of foreign help .
Why not just keep the fledgling epidemic under wraps and hope that it goes away without the world ever knowing ?
Consider the following :
A `` floating population '' -LRB- dispossessed rural workers who have moved to the cities to find work -RRB- of between 100-150 million is growing by almost 5 % annually , representing the largest migration in human history .
Estimates of the government 's growing aggregate liabilities -LRB- bank debt , un-funded pension plans , bonded indebtedness for infrastructural projects , etc. -RRB- range from 70 % to over 150 % of GDP .
In 1973 , as Sino-US relations were thawing , Mao admitted to Henry Kissinger that , though he did not believe reunification would come peacefully , `` We can do without Taiwan for the time being , and let it come after 100 years ...
The old state planner Chen Yuan once cautioned that Chinese reformers had created `` a birdcage economy '' in which a capitalist bird was growing within a socialist cage .
Still throughout his tenure , Ban has consistently displayed progressive instincts on issues , despite the fact that his candidacy was originally championed by an authoritarian Chinese government and a right-wing , UN-bashing American envoy to the organization , John Bolton .
Indeed , it has simply taken new forms , partly owing to economic and technical progress - and with it an increase in available wealth - and partly owing to efforts aimed at allaying it .
Equal rights , according to this logic - as socialist thought has emphasized - imply public policies aimed at narrowing inequalities in the actual living conditions of all citizens .
The so-called `` autonomous '' violent left-wing radicals in Berlin-Kreuzberg enjoy themselves by torching luxury cars , but not a single bank window has been smashed in Germany .
Nevertheless , at a time when finance is under a cloud , the party that defends the freedom of the financial gamblers over the freedom of the individual is winning favor with the electorate like no other .
The only `` winner '' when Germans vote on September 27 will most likely be the `` party '' of non-voters .
This is because charging someone with racism and xenophobia is more complicated and the process more drawn out than winning a conviction for simple thuggery .
But since its collapse , a gnawing feeling of inferiority has crept into Russian society .
In 2008 , following Maliki 's military operation to clean out militia groups in Basra , Iran 's leaders seem to have decided that this two-faced strategy had run its course .
No multilateral investment agreement will be able to address all of the institutional problems and market failures that prevent capital from flowing to developing countries .
While lending by the World Bank did fall below its mid-1990 's level , it is growing again , reflecting the expansion of regional multilateral banks and a policy pendulum that is swinging back to publicly-financed infrastructure projects .
If Salvadorans ' wages are squeezed , they wo n't be buying many products made in Los Angeles -- unless , of course , they wind up moving there .
The issue is not free trade versus protectionism , but `` smart trade '' versus `` polarizing trade . '' Smart trade creates balanced development , while polarizing trade rewards a small circle of winners at the expense of the many .
Fortunately , once in office , the Eisenhower administration had the sense to stick with containment in Europe , continuing a policy that is widely credited for winning the Cold War .
Such frustrations are growing .
Enshrined in the Chinese Communist Party 's constitution are the following words : `` Mao Zedong , the Party 's chief representative , created Mao Zedong Thought , which has been proved correct by practice and based on which the Communist Party developed the basic system of socialism economically , politically , and culturally after the founding of the People 's Republic . ''
Chen can remain in office until his term ends in 2008 , or he could resign now in order to let his vice president and pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party -LRB- DPP -RRB- rebuild to win the next election .
After winning the presidency , Chen could have risen above theatrics by focusing on two Taiwanese strengths : its economy and its unbroken humanist Chinese cultural tradition .
Chen squandered six valuable years as his administration engaged mainly in polemics with its opposition parties while he pandered to the extreme wing of the DPP and mobilized his government to `` de-Sinicize '' Taiwan culture .
The successes of Hong Kong , Singapore , China , and South Korea should serve as a powerful reminder that Thailand has great potential , if only its elites would stop behaving like spoiled children playing a game at which only they are allowed to win .
After he was caught spending $ 1.2 million , even as Merrill Lynch disintegrated , to decorate his new office , Bank of America had to fire him to placate growing revulsion over Wall Street 's out-of-control culture of entitlement .
In fact , the stock market bottomed out last winter .
Like swine flu , crony capitalism has migrated from corrupt Third World countries to America , once the citadel of sound public and private governance .
But they are growing increasingly brazen , all the more so when not confronted .
Since November 2007 , following a series of pirate raids , Canada , the Netherlands , Denmark , and France deployed naval frigates to escort WFP aid ships safely into harbor .
The WFP has stockpiled sufficient supplies to keep relief flowing for some days .
Chinese President Hu Jintao 's upcoming visit to the United States , postponed following hurricane Katrina , will be different from previous bilateral meetings .
With China 's US trade surplus reaching $ 200 billion last year , American sentiment is growing to take strong measures .
Although it remains wary of international intervention by the EU , the substance and pattern of ESDP operations are likely to win China 's respect for several reasons .
The Long March in Nepal KATMANDU -- Confounding everyone except themselves , Nepal 's hard-line Maoists have taken a commanding role following the country 's landmark elections .
The success or failure of the Constituent Assembly will rest on whether the presumptive winner , the Communist Party of Nepal -LRB- Maoists -RRB- , will work collaboratively with the other parties rather than trying to push its own agenda exclusively .
In reality , however , Putin 's regime is a strange and complicated mix , which relies upon two important elements : the personal power of Vladimir Putin himself and the growing role of Russia 's consolidating democratic institutions .
Moreover , ordinary Russians are becoming allergic to liberal democracy , because liberal technocrats have consistently served as window dressing for an illiberal Kremlin regime .
By winning so decisively , Putin has legitimately made himself responsible for everything .
But , according to research by Robert Benewick , a professor at the University of Sussex in England , village elections have been growing more competitive , with a greater number of independent candidates and increasing use of the secret ballot .
Competitive elections for lower-level party posts have already been held , with votes for provincial and national party congresses showing electoral slates with 15-30 % more candidates than positions .
Information technology is growing at a faster pace than 5 % .
Borrowing and lending institutions will need to change , so that they better cushion people against the risk of personal bankruptcy .
The price their countries pay is a more sclerotic and slowly growing economy .
Higher interest rates also raise the cost of borrowing to buy these assets , which may diminish demand for them , exerting downward pressure on their prices .
But then the NASDAQ index fell 22 % over the following year , although the Fed continued to cut interest rates aggressively .
Growing fear of foreign competition ought to explain a lot of things in the future .
Oil prices are now running well above $ 50 a barrel , partly owing to short-run supply shocks , such as the Iraq conflict , Nigerian labor disputes , the conflict between Yukos Oil and the Russian government , and Florida 's recent hurricanes .
The second crisis , in 1979 , is usually attributed to supply disruptions from the Persian Gulf following the Islamic revolution in Iran and the subsequent start of the Iran-Iraq war .
Consumer inflation increased fairly steadily -LRB- albeit with major short-run swings -RRB- , until the oil crises of 1973-4 and 1979-81 propelled it to historic highs in Europe , North America , Japan and other countries .
Private insurance would discourage construction in the most dangerous locations , owing to prohibitively high premiums , while encouraging the adoption of tsunami-resistant building standards in marginal areas .
In fact , creating such a market is the most important step we can take to address longevity risk , for we could then discover its true price , allowing myriad business decisions involving longevity to be made more efficiently .
If a poor family in subsistence farming receives no help during the year after a bad harvest , its members may eat their beasts of burden , cut down the trees that provide nutrients to the soil , sell whatever farming equipment they have , and even eat the seeds that were set aside for planting the following season .
The Chinese economy has been growing at such a breathtaking annual pace -- 9.5 % in the year ending in the second quarter of 2005 -- that it is the toast of the world , an apparent inspiration for developing countries everywhere .
The average real long-term government interest rate in 1891-1979 -- a period ending just before Volcker oversaw soaring growth in borrowing costs -- was a mere 1.25 % , which is very close to the real long-term interest rate today .
Historically , real rates have jumped around a lot , showing little correlation with asset prices .
Craving one seems to be a desire , like fine wine , that one discovers only when one has substantial wealth .
Real GDP has been growing at around 3 % a year in many advanced countries , and twice that or more in some emerging countries .
But this promising start follows a long trail of failures to create inflation futures , owing to the public 's lack of interest .
Following Chile 's example , governments also could redefine the tax system in terms of the units of account rather than currency .
China 's one-child policy must have been an advantage for its per capita GDP growth , allowing more time to be spent on business activities rather than childrearing .
The difference between Chinese and US saving rates has been growing for decades .
When incomes are growing rapidly , as they are in China , it is easier to save because people are not yet accustomed to a higher standard of living and do not mind terribly much maintaining a lower one for a while longer .
Those that did appear generally seem to be based on the assumption that minor fluctuations in construction costs , not massive market swings , drove the modest home price movements that they noted .
The reason China has not risen higher is that other countries have been growing too , and because the gaps between countries are enormous .
Merton concluded : `` It appears that the cosmopolitan influential has a following because he knows , the local influential because he understands . ''
The February 27 decline began with an 8.8 % one-day drop in the Shanghai Composite , following news that the Chinese government might tax capital gains more aggressively .
I know that those images contributed to the severity of the 1987 crash by encouraging people to sell , because I ran a survey of individual and institutional investors the following week .
A study published in 2005 by economists Geert Bekaert , Campbell Harvey , and Christian Lundblad found that when countries liberalize their stock markets , allowing them to operate freely without government intervention , economic growth rises by an average of one percentage point annually .
The 1973-1974 oil crisis is said to have been due to the cutoff of oil following the Arab-Israeli Yom Kippur War .
One of the Apollo astronauts , James B. Irwin , who landed on the moon in 1971 , said of his view of the earth , `` It was so far away ... a little ball in the blackness of space .
Their per capita living standards should thus be substantially higher than in the US , where swarms of kids must be attended to and where new investments must be made just to keep the capital stock growing in step with a swelling population .
Edmund Phelps of Columbia University says that these slow-growing countries lack `` dynamism , '' which he defines as a combination of entrepreneurial spirit and the financial institutions to channel it .
But is this an accurate description of slow-growing countries ?
But only recently many slow growing countries were eager to develop venture capital markets and foster stock exchanges -- France 's Nouveau Marche , Germany 's Neuer Markt , Italy 's Nuovo Mercato , and Mothers in Japan -- devoted to risky investments .
Sinn shows that the combined effects of the German tax and social welfare system virtually guarantee that no breadwinner in a family with two children can end up with less than ¤ 1,500 a month , even without working at all .
George Akerlof and I have just written a book by the same name , but by the time Animal Spirits appears later this winter , the world economy may be even worse than it is now .
Their policies would piggyback on US state unemployment insurance programs , allowing Assura to avoid getting into the monitoring business .
Our first MacroShares have been for oil price risk , but plans for GDP risk are on the drawing board .
Many people all over the world seem to have thought that since we are running out of land in a rapidly growing world economy , the prices of houses and apartments should increase at huge rates .
Now we think of them as claims on increasingly scarce resources in a rapidly growing world , with prices potentially skyrocketing any day .
Many people appear to believe that upswings in home prices reflect increasing scarcity of land in a world constrained by rapid economic growth and severe resource constraints -LRB- symbolized by the fear of global warming -RRB- .
Despite dramatic theoretical advances , financial institutions were , until recently , slow to develop and expand new instruments allowing people to exploit many risk-sharing opportunities .
Entrenched interests -LRB- food-processing companies , in the case of nutritional labeling -RRB- resist change with all of their lobbying efforts , but public outrage is too strong for them to win .
People who are chosen in part to win the next election often find their economic judgment constrained .
According to the Reinharts ' paper , when compared to the decade that precedes financial crises like the one that started three years ago , `` GDP growth and housing prices are significantly lower and unemployment higher '' in the subsequent `` ten-year window . ''
From them , the Reinharts and Rogoff found , for example , that median annual growth rates of real per capita GDP for advanced countries were one percentage point lower in the decade following a crisis , while median unemployment rates were five percentage points higher .
This is an economic fact of fundamental significance , for the real long-term interest rate is a direct measure of the cost of borrowing to conduct business , launch new enterprises , or expand existing ones -- and its levels now fly in the face of all the talk about the need to slash government deficits .
Nominal interest rates -- quoted in terms of dollars , euros , renminbi , etc. -- are difficult to interpret , since the real cost of borrowing at these rates depends on the future course of inflation , which is always unknown .
But , if there is no inflation over the next ten years , I will pay a hefty real price for borrowing .
Instead , low long-term real interest rates appear to reflect a general failure by governments over the years to use the borrowing opportunities that the inflation-indexed markets present to them .
It is strange that so many governments are now emphasizing fiscal consolidation , when they should be increasing their borrowing to take advantage of rock-bottom real interest rates .
Increasing worries about global warming , and its effects on food prices , or about the cold and snowy winter in the northern hemisphere and its effects on heating fuel prices , are contagious stories .
They chose , without explanation , to divide debt-to-GDP ratios into the following categories : under 30 % , 30-60 % , 60-90 % , and over 90 % .
Households are running scared , so they cut expenditures as well , and businesses are being dissuaded from borrowing to finance capital expenditures .
NEW HAVEN -- It might not seem that Europe 's sovereign-debt crisis and growing concern about the United States ' debt position should shake basic economic confidence .
The following Monday , the S&P 500 dropped almost 7 % .
This is a much bigger downswing than was recorded in the overall consumer-confidence indices .
The timing and substance of these consumer-survey results suggest that our fundamental outlook about the economy , at the level of the average person , is closely bound up with stories of excessive borrowing , loss of governmental and personal responsibility , and a sense that matters are beyond control .
Moreover , the Chinese have built up wind and solar power so quickly that they have just increased their goal for renewable sources to 15 % of total power generation by 2020 .
Overnight , Warangal was converted to a cotton-growing district based on non-renewable hybrids that require irrigation and are prone to pest attacks .
As a result , any more Russian efforts to establish even informal suzerainty over the Soviet successor states are , following the dismemberment of Georgia , likely to meet Chinese resistance .
The return to Chechnya of an amnestied Zakaev would greatly increase Kadyrov 's prestige . But the Kremlin wants to avoid this , owing to Kadyrov 's growing power and its general unease with a Russian Muslim elite that , while formally acknowledging Russian suzerainty , increasingly demands a redistribution of power within the Russian Federation .
Allowing Zakaev 's return would have worsened matters by increasing Kadyrov 's prestige at home , as well as his international visibility and legitimacy .
South Africa must tap into the growing concern among Zimbabwe 's neighbors -LRB- Angola , Botswana , Tanzania , and Zambia -RRB- about the political crisis , and forge a united front within the SADC that sends a clear message to Mugabe and his generals that the region will no longer tolerate their actions .
The declaration clearly stipulates that an incumbent government 's refusal to relinquish power to the winning party after free , fair , and regular elections is unconstitutional .
Following this visit , my message to European leaders is twofold .
Britain 's transformation from international creditor to international debtor during the Great War gave the dollar a second wind in its battle with sterling .
Behind the stock images of a region trapped in chaos and despair , economies are growing , reform is increasingly embraced , and governance is improving .
As Mazimhaka pointed out , the union in 1960 between Somaliland and Somalia , following the withdrawal of the British and Italian colonial powers , was never formally ratified .
The basic principles that I believe should prevail , and which Somaliland meets , are the following :
Typical examples of this are the stalled Lisbon Strategy , the incomplete Economic and Monetary Union , and now , following the Irish public 's blocking maneuver , the uncertain fate of the new EU Constitutional Treaty -LRB- the `` Lisbon Treaty '' -RRB- .
In adopting a child from a poor country , Madonna is following an example set by other celebrities like Mia Farrow , Ewan McGregor , and Angelina Jolie .
Despite the high rate of HIV\/AIDS infections , Malawi 's population , like that of many developing nations , is growing rapidly .
If an incurably ill patient can refuse burdensome treatment , knowing that this refusal will mean his or her death , why should an incurably ill patient who is not being kept alive by any medical treatment , but finds that the illness itself makes life burdensome , be unable to seek assistance in escaping that burden ?
But only in the Netherlands , Belgium , Switzerland , and the American state of Oregon are physicians permitted to assist a patient in ending his or her life by means other than withdrawing life-sustaining medical treatment .
This was not the case with people asked to make judgments about relatively `` impersonal '' violations like throwing a switch .
Blowing up people with bombs is no better than clubbing them to death .
Arguably , the public has an interest in knowing if those who implement such policies are themselves paying for sexual services .
But does the legitimate interest in knowing more about a politician extend to details about personal relations ?
We cheer them on . We acclaim them when they win .
They are happy to vote , knowing that everyone else is voting , too .
However , it soon became apparent that the task required more than part-time attention , and the following year , after raising $ 300,000 from their colleagues , Karnofsky and Hassenfeld left their jobs and began working full-time for GiveWell and its associated grant-making body , The Clear Fund .
Moreover , D'Agata and Mitchell suggest that the use of so many antibiotics by patients with dementia carries a different kind of cost : it exacerbates the growing problem of antibiotic-resistant bacteria , putting other patients at risk .
PRINCETON -- Do we live in a world that was created by a god who is all-powerful , all-knowing , and all good ?
If God is all-knowing , he knows how much suffering there is .
Moreover , the assertion that our intelligence is puny in comparison with God 's presupposes just the point that is under debate -- that there is a god who is all-knowing , all-powerful , and all good .
We learn , for example , that when asked to prepare a radio broadcast for the following day , he would begin reading , `` Today I am in California '' and quickly break off , saying with exasperation , `` But I 'm not in California . ''
These voters were disgusted with Clinton , not only for his sexual relationship with White House intern Monica Lewinsky , but for lying about it .
A study of Republicans , Democrats , and independents showed that viewing the ad led to greater support for Obama .
Consistent with that finding , an historic ballot initiative in California to ban cruel forms of animal confinement on factory farms , including the battery cage system of keeping hens , is also showing strong support .
He must also begin the process of withdrawing combat troops from Iraq , a task that he said would be completed in 16 months .
It 's difficult to see self-sufficiency providing an adequate standard of living for the world 's growing population .
It is understandable why , in the midst of an election campaign , a candidate would say that , for , even in the best of times , increasing foreign aid wins few votes in America .
However , because many IVF practitioners transfer two or three embryos at a time to improve the odds of a pregnancy occurring , twins and higher multiple births are more common , and carry some additional risk .
This outcome is not , however , very different from natural conception , for the majority of embryos conceived by sexual intercourse also fail to implant in the uterine wall , with the woman often not even knowing that she was ever `` pregnant . ''
The French have always been less likely to go into debt -- when they pay with plastic , they tend to use debit cards , drawing on funds they already have , rather than credit cards .
The new method spread : chickens disappeared from fields into long , windowless sheds .
Animal-welfare advocates protest that crowding the chickens keeps them from forming a natural flock , causes them stress , and , in the case of laying hens , prevents them from even stretching their wings .
Medical experts warn that because the birds are routinely fed antibiotics to keep them growing in such crowded , filthy , and stressful conditions , antibiotic-resistant bacteria could cause a public-health threat .
In fact , it was cheaper only because it passed some of its costs on to others -- for example , to people who lived downstream or downwind from the factory farms , and could no longer enjoy clean water and air .
That view is supported by recent scientific work showing that much of our behavior is based on very rapid , instinctive , emotionally based responses .
For example , when President George W. Bush announced in 2001 that the United States would not fund research into new stem-cell lines that are created from human embryos , he offered the following reason : `` Like a snowflake , each of these embryos is unique , with the unique genetic potential of an individual human being . ''
But there was no evidence that the more widely dispersed ash blowing over Europe from Iceland would cause similar problems .
And the goal became halving `` the proportion of people in the developing world , '' which makes a big difference , because the developing world 's population is growing faster than the population of the world as a whole .
But , if offered a savings account that penalized them for withdrawing money before they reached a goal that they themselves had specified , many chose that type of account , even though the interest they earned was no higher than in an account that allowed them to make withdrawals whenever they chose .
Knowing that we can control our own behavior makes it more likely that we will .
In response , Canada 's government established an International Commission on Intervention and State Sovereignty , which recommended that military intervention could be justified , as an extraordinary measure , where large-scale loss of life is occurring or imminent , owing to deliberate state action or the state 's refusal or failure to act .
At times , it has seemed that gains for animals in Western countries have been outweighed by increasing animal abuse in China , as growing prosperity there boosts demand for animal products .
Worse still -LRB- if one can compare such atrocities -RRB- is a video showing fur-bearing animals being skinned alive and thrown onto a pile of other animals , where they are left to die slowly .
Chinese zoos have drawn crowds by staging animal spectacles , and by allowing members of the public to buy live chickens , goats , and horses in order to watch them being pulled apart by lions , tigers , and other big cats .
In Indonesia , for example , Animals Australia recorded undercover videos showing such brutal treatment of Australian-raised cattle that Australia 's government suspended cattle exports to the country .
As far as the treatment of apes is concerned , much of the film is firmly grounded in reality , as a viewing of Project Nim , a documentary based on Elizabeth Hess 's book Nim Chimpsky : The Chimp Who Would be Human , clearly demonstrates .
These discussions are part of a growing international movement to re-orient government policies towards well-being and happiness .
Following World Wars I and II , the European powers and the United States sat around distant tables and fabricated frontiers , giving birth to Iraq , Israel , Kuwait , Jordan , and Saudi Arabia -- and thus to most of the of the Middle East 's current ills .
This , Sering says , is `` surely not on account of any overflowing altruism . ''
And Obama will be keen to know what help India can provide with Iran , a country with which India has smooth relations , owing to their shared worries over Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Following the hopeful early months of the Obama administration , this `` stop Iran '' policy has become America 's focus .
Munich 's Ifo Institute expects about 2.5 -- 3.3 million migrants to Western Europe during the 15 years following EU enlargement .
More importantly , despite the promising news coming from Germany these days , it would be an overstatement to call the German economy a growth engine for Europe , given that it , too , is growing more slowly than the euro zone as a whole .
But , given increasing capacity utilization in the export industries , as well as higher investment requirements owing to the normal capital replacement cycle , domestic investment demand is now also rising .
Since 1970 , Germany 's business cycles have been surprisingly regular : a downswing in the first half of each decade , followed by an upswing in the second half .
Nevertheless , there is every reason to expect the German economy 's upswing to continue for the time being .
The United States generously subsidizes production of ethanol from maize , with output there currently growing 12 % annually and almost 10 % worldwide .
In principle , there are only three ways to procure it : by withdrawing it from food or fodder production , from the production of natural materials -- particularly wood -- or from nature .
Wood stores carbon , owing to photosynthesis . The larger the stocks of wood on earth , in the form of living trees or wooden construction material in buildings , the less CO2 there is in the atmosphere and the cooler the earth remains .
Although China is growing fast , its economic power remains tiny .
Those conduits are now showing gigantic losses that have to be covered by the parent banks , some of which are being driven to the brink of bankruptcy .
First , consumers , faced with tighter credit and falling house values , will need to cut spending , slowing the US economy and affecting all countries via world trade .
First , management pay depends too much on short-term share-price performance , probably owing to the excessive influence of investment banks on commercial banks ' policies .
With the Italian debt\/GDP ratio currently at roughly 106 % , lower borrowing costs reduced the public debt ratio by more than eight percentage points .
The idea of the pact was , after all , to impose firm borrowing constraints on European governments to prevent them from saddling future generations with today 's liabilities or from one day adopting the Italian strategy : borrow without limits and print more money to inflate away the debt .
With all this discouraging news , it is little comfort that some areas of the world are still displaying considerable growth rates : China is expected to grow by 9.5 % this year and in 2009 , with India growing by 8 % , Russia up by 6.5 % , owing to higher oil prices , and Latin America growing by 4.5 % on average during this period .
Willingness could be exhausted if the EU budget is further expanded without reducing Germany 's net contribution and narrowing the gap between its financing and voting rights .
In addition , Germany has much more inner stability than the US , because it does not have the problem of heavily indebted households that are now restricted in their borrowing .
But these figures are changing rapidly , owing to China 's exuberant growth .
And the worldwide Gini coefficient of inter-country inequality fell from 0.653 to 0.556 from 1980 to 2007 , owing largely to the astounding performance of the emerging countries , particularly China and India .
Carbon-dioxide emissions have been growing fast , fossil-fuel resources are being depleted rapidly , and global warming has accelerated .
Now we know that this was propaganda intended to keep the foreign money flowing , so that US households could continue to finance their lifestyles .
The Greek attempt to create a land of milk and honey by excessive borrowing is hair-raising .
Greece , moreover , has another huge problem : its current-account deficit is currently a whopping 13 % of net national income , which means that ¤ 27 billion have to be financed annually by borrowing or selling Greek assets .
If it exceeds 1 % of GDP , the excess is subtracted from the budget allowed for the following year , provided that the economy is in an upswing with a shrinking output gap .
· A new EU system , following the logic of the bailout strategy that the EU is currently applying , should be extended to include automatic fines for `` debt sinners . ''
Even Russia , where the upswing was difficult and hesitant , is expected to grow by 4.3 % this year .
While the US is expected to grow by 3.3 % this year and by 2.9 % next year -- roughly the long-term average for the past 30 years , this can not be called a self-sustained upswing , given that the fiscal deficit is expected to reach a breathtaking 11 % of GDP this year , before easing to a still-high 8.2 % in 2011 .
But Europe 's biggest economy , Germany , is experiencing a surprisingly strong economic upswing .
The explanation for this divided world is that countries like Greece , Spain , and the US , which experienced a long boom financed by huge capital imports , now face growing difficulties in finding foreign finance .
But that , too , went out the window in May , when it started buying even Greek junk bonds .
As the account includes international payments for both trade in goods and financial claims , a deficit in a country 's Target account indicates foreign borrowing via the ECB , whereas a surplus denotes foreign lending via the ECB .
The capacity for continuing this policy will soon be depleted , as the central-bank money flowing from the GIPS countries to the core countries of the eurozone increasingly crowds out the money created through refinancing operations there .
Ireland is the only country that has lowered its prices and wages , and its current-account deficit is about to swing into surplus .
He accused entrepreneurs who outsource production to low-wage countries of showing excessive greed and lack of social responsibility , and he compared the managers of international equity funds to a plague of locusts that occupy companies , exploit them , and move on after their destructive work is done .
Günter Grass , a Nobel Prize winner in literature , joined the chorus of critics , complaining about the fading of political power in a time of globalization .
Wages rose rapidly and most Germans experienced growing prosperity .
The extra money printing and lending , as measured by the so-called Target deficit , effectively means drawing a credit from the ECB .
The ECB in turn draws the Target credit from the respective national central bank to which the money is flowing and which therefore has to accept a reduction in its scope for issuing refinancing credit .
A favorable assessment can not rest on the fact that the overall German value-added in exports has been growing because this is simply an effect of the German specialization in export-related production .
Third , for many countries , the 25-year-old debt crisis is finally over , allowing much higher investment in health , education , and infrastructure .
Since then revenues have doubled , the economy is growing by 8 % per year , school enrollment is up 50 % , and electricity and water have been restored to parts of Monrovia for the first time in 15 years .
Foreign investment is already at its nadir , due to the lingering political crisis following the fall of the Suharto dictatorship , and to doubts about the soundness of the country 's institutional and legal capacity .
With the world expected to continue growing rapidly , there are excellent investment opportunities that will be funded only if capital continues to move into countries that can use it productively .
Of more pressing immediate concern is the fact that capital is currently flowing to many countries regardless of whether they are ready to receive it .
We think that capital from these countries is increasingly flowing not so much `` uphill '' to developed countries -LRB- as it did over the past five years -RRB- , but rather `` around the hill '' to other emerging markets and poorer developing countries .
Government revenues are set to equal government spending when the economy is growing normally .
Surpluses are applied to repaying debt , and borrowing finances deficits .
The first danger is that politicians will spend the surpluses on vote-winning social programs .
The result was a global explosion of `` Ponzi '' finance -- named after the notorious Italian-American swindler Charles Ponzi -- which purported to make such paper as safe and valuable as houses .
In fact , they are in the nature of swindles .
So these models can not explain a situation in which everyone , or almost everyone , is losing -- or , for that matter , winning -- at the same time .
Capitalism advanced the human condition , said Schumpeter , through a `` perennial gale of creative destruction , '' which he likened to a Darwinian process of natural selection to secure the `` survival of the fittest . ''
Banks magnify the boom by making credit too easily available , and they exacerbate the bust by withdrawing it too abruptly .
Of course , the upswing was marked by super-abundant credit .
But financial intermediation would never have brought disaster -LRB- or indeed gone so far -RRB- save for the global imbalances arising from America 's twin trade and budget deficits , financed to a large extent by Chinese savings .
Political pendulums often swing too far .
Throwing money at poverty became a panacea .
It also produces rather good wine .
Yet the trend over the past century has been towards a continuous increase in the number of small states , mainly owing to nationalist revolts against multi-national empires : the latest bout of state creation followed the disintegration of the USSR .
The erosion of these powerful constraints on bad behavior was bound to produce a growing demand for public `` accountability . ''
Flooding banks with central-bank money is no guarantee that deposits , which arise from spending or borrowing money , will increase in the same proportion .
If reformers are to win , they must be prepared to fight the world 's most powerful vested interest .
Depending on which party wins more seats , either Labor 's Gordon Brown or the Conservatives ' David Cameron will become prime minister with the Liberal Democrats ' support .
And even though inequality of wealth and income in Britain increased in the 13 years Labor has been in power , this is thought to be something that a left-wing party might seek to correct , whereas there is no similar expectation for a party of the right .
Finance has always been opaque , quite apart from the motive of swindling the investing public .
When John Maynard Keynes talked of persistent under-employment , he did not mean that , following a big shock , economies stay frozen at one unchanging level of depressed activity .
Finally , the reduction of governments ' borrowing requirements `` might '' have a beneficial effect on output in the long run , owing to lower long-term interest rates .
Protests were growing .
If the state pushes modernization from the top , democracy will grow naturally , if slowly , as a result of rising prosperity and a growing middle class .
The result is that China and other East Asian countries own a large and growing stock of US Treasury bills .
This new currency , to be developed from the International Monetary Fund 's Special Drawing Rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- , would in time entirely replace national reserve currencies .
This far-sighted Chinese proposal never left the drawing board .
Prices had started falling in September of that year , following a brief commodity boom .
To stabilize the price level , the economist Irving Fisher had produced a plan for a `` compensated dollar , '' which would vary the dollar 's gold value to offset rising or falling prices , in effect allowing the Fed to issue more or fewer dollars as dictated by business conditions .
Do we spend the next century wallowing in triviality ?
That is why I am not at all sure that the street uprisings in Egypt , following those in Tunisia , and now spreading to other Muslim-majority countries , can be interpreted simply as traditional forms of protest against bad rulers .
And there was the growing evidence of post-colonial regimes ' failure , violence , and corruption , especially in Africa .
Foremost among the new generation of revisionist historians was Niall Ferguson of Harvard University , whose television series , based on his new book Civilization : The West and the Rest , has just started showing in Britain .
A speculator can `` short '' a government by borrowing its debt at its current price , in the hope of selling it later at a lower price and pocketing the difference .
If the attack persists , speculators can force a government to default on its debt , unless it can find a way to finance its borrowing more cheaply .
It is natural for opposition politicians to want to exploit a government 's difficulties to win power .
The other aspect of the problem is the long-term increase in technology-driven unemployment , largely owing to automation .
The hope is that the reduction in borrowing costs on new loans , plus the austerity programs promised by governments , will enable bond prices to recover to par without the need for the creditor banks to take a hit .
New bond issues , following a big debt write-down in 1924 -LRB- the Dawes Plan -RRB- , enabled Germany to borrow the money to resume payments .
Trust-busters argue that such `` Chinese walls '' always break down under pressure , owing to huge shareholder demand for universal banks to boost profits at the expense of a sound commercial banking core .
Whether relying on regulation , or gesturing towards institutional separation , most proposals for banking reform remain at the drawing-board stage , and are sure to be emasculated by financial lobbies .
With the nationalization of America 's two giant mortgage banks , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , following the nationalization earlier this year of Britain 's Northern Rock , governments have started stepping in again to prevent market meltdowns .
Several thousand were expelled from universities , and 80 were imprisoned following political trials .
But today the international community has a tremendous window of opportunity to secure a small but significant peace in the Middle East along the volatile border of Lebanon and Israel .
Emerging economies , following the advanced countries , also attached less importance to Fund surveillance , especially as their accumulation of external assets made them less dependent on IMF financing and advice .
Enhancing the role of its Special Drawing Rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- , or supplementing the dollar with another world reserve currency , would help facilitate the financing needs of both deficit and surplus countries .
For deficit countries , borrowing from international institutions outside the markets would be easier , giving the issuer of such currency some form of international lender-of-last-resort function .
For good or ill , democratic sentiment will win out , and Britain 's human-rights record , while imperfect , remains strong .
For example , if 20 % of the world 's electricity were to be generated by wind turbines , then , considering their inherently low load factor of about 25 % -LRB- compared to 75 % for thermal stations using steam turbines -RRB- , we would need to install new capacity of some 1.25 TW in these machines .
Allies are seen as an answer to America 's twin credibility and legitimacy deficits in its occupation of Iraq .
But they are not going to change their policy to help Kerry win , and they wo n't change even if he does .
So will transatlantic relations remain as poisoned as they are now if Kerry wins ?
So some compromise must be found should Kerry win .
So it seems unlikely that this up-front cash provided much of an incentive for the average CEO to knowingly take bad or excessive risks that would jeopardize their much larger equity stakes .
Now that the war in Afghanistan may wind down soon , there is a fear that President Megawati Sukarnoputri will do little to change her do-nothing ways .
Their responsible behavior demonstrates the growing importance of Indonesia 's civil society .
The weak , when certain that they can not win , can hurt the strongest -- and even make them lose . In contrast to the centuries-old Westphalian order of nation-states , in which each state 's specific weight was the determining factor , in a world of interdependency , the security , economic stability , health , and environment of the strongest is continually a hostage of the weakest .
Despite our growing interconnectedness , the UN Security Council has not yet been unable to achieve sufficient consensus to resolve pressing matters such as Syria .
Owing mainly to its environmentally negative externalities , an unregulated energy market is not a useful governing mechanism , because it is unable to internalize the environmental costs .
Energy exploration and production requires many different disciplines and technologies -- eolic -LRB- wind -RRB- , photovoltaic , nuclear , coal , etc. .
I have recently appointed a counter-terrorism coordinator to assist me in following through on the Plan of Action .
Our ESDP missions have taken us as far afield as Aceh , Indonesia , where we monitored the peace agreement reached after the 2004 tsunami , following decades of civil war .
Last year , we showed how rapidly we could mobilize when we deployed a monitoring mission to the Caucasus in less than three weeks to help defuse the crisis between Russia and Georgia , following the EU-mediated peace agreement .
To respond to the growing calls to help tackle regional and global security challenges , the EU must improve the efficiency and coherence of its external action still further .
The G-20 's role should increase further in importance , owing to emerging countries ' share of global GDP -- projected to reach 60 % in 2030 -- and to the global nature of the challenges of the twenty-first century .
MADRID -- With budgets exceptionally tight in Europe nowadays , worries about European defense have been growing .
Establishing joint management and overhauling conventional defense capacities will be a two-pronged challenge : functional , owing to the traditional schema of defense organizations , and political , inasmuch as a cession of state sovereignty will be required .
Even with so many failed efforts in the past , there is a clear window of opportunity for the United States and Israel to urgently push for a lasting settlement .
I was a member of the Spanish Constitutional Commission that wrote the Spanish constitution in 1975 and 1976 , following the death of Franco , so I know what it is to move from dictatorship to democracy -- and how important it is that a constitution be framed by consensus .
Does n't the government mind if so much of its urban populace is sinking into poverty and becoming disaffected ? Why is this stability-obsessed regime allowing so much instability ?
And right-wing populism has become an electoral force to be reckoned with in France , Belgium , and the Netherlands .
The generous retirement pensions , unemployment compensation , health coverage , and all kinds of social programs that make Western Europe a comfortable place to live were established when Europe 's economy and population were growing fast .
Following Yahoo 's lead , the police arrested him . Shi remains in jail to this day .
Today , South Korean 's economy has been growing annually by 5 % on average for ten years , whereas Japan grew by 0.42 % per year during the same period .
At a time when South Koreans are becoming more globalized , learning English , and welcoming a growing number of immigrants , Japan is entering a `` de-globalization process . ''
The exception may be the military and the diplomatic service : following de Gaulle 's lead , all French presidents have financed the military generously .
Following de Gaulle 's lead , elective monarchy or enlightened despotism is now perceived as a legitimate alternative to parliamentary democracy or US-style separation of powers .
This controversy keeps left-wing intellectuals , pundits , and politicians busy on television talk shows and in café debates across Europe .
The left may ultimately win general elections elsewhere if the new Keynesian right proves unable to end the crisis .
For the hollowing out of Socialism has a consequence . To paraphrase Marx , a specter is haunting Europe -- the specter of chaos .
The EU and NATO are divided . The US is perceived as a giant bully throwing its weight around .
Instead of capital flowing to economies on the world 's periphery , it is leaving them and flowing to economies at the center .
I suggest that Instead of a traditional IMF package , the central banks of the developed countries should open their discount windows for Brazilian government debt .
This may have been unfair , but at least it kept money flowing to the periphery .
For instance , the central banks of the US , Europe , Japan , and Britain could accept Brazilian paper at their discount windows .
To this end , I proposed an annual issue of Special Drawing Rights -LRB- SDR -RRB- that rich countries would donate for international assistance .
Roma are the continent 's fastest growing and most vulnerable minority .
Most importantly , a small but growing core of experienced and dedicated young Roma leaders is emerging who can work both within their communities and with governments to overcome poverty and discrimination .
The consensus was that they hoped somebody would do it without their knowing about it .
It proceeded step by step , setting limited objectives with limited timetables , knowing full well that each step would prove inadequate and require a further step .
It undermined the critical process that is at the heart of an open society by treating any criticism of the administration 's policies as unpatriotic , thereby allowing Bush to order the invasion of Iraq .
There is also trouble brewing in some of the newly admitted member countries , such as Hungary and Poland , where the EU could play a more proactive role in promoting democratic stability .
The reason democratic politics leads to manipulation is that politicians do not aspire to tell the truth . They want to win elections , and the best way to do that is to skew reality to their own benefit .
Fundamentalists believe that markets tend towards equilibrium and the common interest is best served by allowing participants to pursue their self-interest .
By Thursday a run on money market funds was in full swing and we came as close to a meltdown as at any time since the 1930s .
Usually it takes a crisis to bring about a compromise , but the crisis is now brewing , and the sooner it is resolved , the better .
Such a solution is readily available in the form of Special Drawing Rights -LRB- SDR -RRB- .
First and foremost , financial authorities must accept responsibility for preventing asset bubbles from growing too big .
Following the path of least resistance will lead to the gradual disintegration of the international financial system .
The US ought not to shy away from wider use of IMF Special Drawing Rights .
Barely a year after the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers , financial markets have stabilized , stock markets have rebounded , and the economy is showing signs of recovery .
But the growing belief that the global financial system has escaped collapse , and that we are slowly returning to business as usual , is a grave misinterpretation of the current situation .
In September 2009 , the IMF distributed to its members $ 283 billion worth of Special Drawing Rights , an arcane financial instrument , but one that essentially constitutes additional foreign exchange .
This is not only a human rights issue , but also an economic one . Following current demographic trends , by 2040 , Roma will comprise roughly 40 % of Hungary 's working-age population .
This fact was obscured until recently by the European Central Bank 's willingness to accept the sovereign debt of all eurozone members on equal terms at its discount window .
Germans should consider the following thought experiment : withdrawal from the euro .
As Europe 's largest ethnic minority , Roma inside the EU comprise the youngest and fastest-growing demographic segment of the population .
WASHINGTON , DC -- I share the growing concern around the world about the misalignment of currencies .
After the euro came into force , commercial banks could refinance their holdings of government bonds at the discount window of the European Central Bank , and regulators treated government bonds as riskless .
For example , formerly communist countries earned emission credits at zero cost on the heavy industries that they had to shut down and reaped windfall profits by selling them .
Meanwhile , conditions changed with the passage of time : China , following decades of booming growth , replaced the United States as the largest emitter .
The economy is showing signs of over-heating .
These imbalances could be reduced by the US using fiscal rather than monetary stimulus , and China allowing the renminbi to appreciate in an orderly manner .
Worried neighbors are likely to seek protection under the wings of the American eagle , reinforcing the US military budget , which is already oversized .
The European Central Bank treated all member countries ' sovereign debt as essentially riskless , and accepted their government bonds at its discount window on equal terms .
Second , to create an even playing field , the risk premium on the borrowing costs of countries that abide by the rules will have to be removed .
The EU has been built step-by-step , with its architects knowing in advance that each step was inadequate and that additional steps would be needed .
The EU 's architects generated the necessary political will by drawing on the memory of World War II , the threat posed by the Soviet Union , and the economic benefits of greater integration .
As a result , Spain and Italy have had to pay much more on their own borrowing than they receive from Greece .
That might induce a further change of attitude in Germany , in turn allowing the adoption of counter-cyclical policies .
Facing the prospect of having to raise additional capital at a time when their shares are selling at a fraction of book value , banks have a powerful incentive to reduce their balance sheets by withdrawing credit lines and shrinking their loan portfolios .
Acting at the behest of the member states , the ECB has sufficient powers of persuasion : it could close its discount window to the banks , and the governments could seize institutions that refuse to cooperate .
To implement these principles , I propose the following measures :
? The Federal Reserve , the European Central Bank , the Bank of England and the Bank of Japan could accept at their discount windows designated treasury bill issues of selected countries .
We doggedly fight to prolong life , only to find that we can not win this battle - and are left unable to produce authentic rituals to accompany the end of our existence .
Moreover , in the absence of an impartial judge , a winner can always impose his `` truth '' upon the vanquished , as happened with the Treaty of Versailles after World War I.
But in this matter as well , the winner gets to judge who was the aggressor , so it is fortunate that Hitler did not prevail .
Larger developing countries must assume an expanded role in unwinding the protectionist measures that came with their expanded use of the public purse , and reestablish forward motion .
Emerging economies still need to manage better their growing domestic tensions , which reflect rising income inequality and uneven access to basic services .
A favorable outcome also requires industrial countries ' ability and willingness to accommodate the growing size and prominence of emerging economies .
Managing a growing and increasingly complex set of transnational connections is an even bigger challenge in a multi-speed world that is being turned upside down .
If skeptics are right , then we should accept that we will periodically be out of financial and fiscal balance without knowing it in advance .
By contrast , developed country policymakers ' default stance seems to be that proactive or preemptive measures require a high degree of certainty , owing to a deep-seated belief that financial markets are stable and self-regulating .
The distortions and distributional issues are set to become more pressing as the size and impact of the major emerging economies increases , owing to their return to rapid growth , and as the advanced countries experience an extended period of sluggish performance .
Following the capital injections and Fed programs aimed at supporting the financial system , the stimulus package was an important step , notwithstanding disagreements about its size , effectiveness , and targeting .
After its enactment in late February 2009 , the markets ' downward plunge began to decelerate , and prices stabilized the following month .
But it was responsible for allowing flawed expectations of a sharp recovery to pre-crisis levels of output and consumption to persist .
Certainly , the vast majority of economists , investment analysts , financial firms , and regulators failed to see the growing risk . In fact , it had deep roots .
With foreign borrowing financing a yawning trade deficit , the US economy as a whole spent more than it earned , which both caused and hid structural problems .
True , low interest rates , together with a second round of quantitative easing , are causing considerable global distortions , as funds flow into fast-growing emerging markets , fueling inflationary pressure and asset bubbles .
Recent studies by the International Monetary Fund indicate that in most advanced countries , including the US , the growth in budget deficits was largely automatic , owing far more to declining tax revenues and rising expenditures on unemployment benefits than to stimulus spending .
The major emerging economies also have growing systemic effects on growth and employment across a broad range of countries , including the advanced ones .
In a rapidly opening global economy , emerging economies learned to access both technology and markets , thereby growing at unprecedented and accelerating rates .
Emerging economies ' scale is growing , and their positioning on the global value chain is shifting rapidly .
In Europe , that means agreeing on burden-sharing for re-capitalizing countries where deficits and debt have cut off market access or led to prohibitively high borrowing costs . Restructuring damages the euro , and fiscal consolidation in the distressed countries , while necessary , is probably not sufficient .
That structural shift , in combination with the renminbi 's strengthening effective real exchange rate relative to the dollar , owing to inflation and rapidly rising wages in export sectors , offers hope that China 's surplus will fall .
The US tradable sector is growing .
Its major sub-sectors -- increasingly , high value-added -LRB- per person employed -RRB- services -- are highly competitive and growing .
Openness needs protecting and the best way to protect it is to manage the areas of growing interdependence effectively , pragmatically and inclusively .
China accelerated to a high-growth pattern in the late 1970 's and early 1980 's , owing to the benefits of its low-cost labor and a major change in economic policy .
The aggregate size of the developing countries -LRB- especially the major emerging economies -RRB- , their rising incomes , and their ongoing movement up the value chain are having a growing impact on advanced-country economies , particularly these economies ' tradable sectors .
Growth in the world 's emerging economies now depends on China , the main export partner for a growing list of major economies including Japan , South Korea , India , and Brazil .
The financial sector must be developed in order to create more savings options and supply credit and equity capital efficiently to new and growing businesses , which China needs in order to attract the rural population to cities -LRB- even as export sectors move up the skill and value-added hierarchy -RRB- .
If emerging economies try to reach advanced-country income levels by following roughly the same pattern as their predecessors , the impact on natural resources and the environment would be enormous , risky , and probably disastrous .
But the trend in concentration will reverse about a decade from now , owing to the size and growth rates of India and China , which together account for almost 40 % of the world 's population .
There is a growing awareness among policymakers , businesses , and citizens in China and India -LRB- and in Asia more broadly -RRB- that the historical growth paths that all of their predecessors followed simply will not work , because they do not `` scale '' to a world economy that is triple its current size .
Even as expectations adjust , there is a growing loss of confidence among investors in the adequacy of official policy responses in Europe and the US -LRB- and to a lesser extent in emerging economies -RRB- .
With more than ample domestic demand , considerably boosted by rapid expansion in government and health care , the US economy sustained growth and employment in the face of large increases in the labor force -LRB- 27 million new workers since 1990 -RRB- , notwithstanding the substantial headwinds created by new labor-saving information technology .
As a result , the US economy has almost stopped growing , particularly as the federal government -LRB- together with state and local governments -RRB- are now reining in their own budget deficits .
The domestic market and a growing middle class will assume greater prominence .
One might expect that after a dangerous crisis rooted in growing structural imbalances and an unsustainable growth pattern on the demand side , there would be serious , ongoing debate about what is needed to restore long-term growth and productive job creation in the context of a rapidly evolving global economy .
Instead , Georgia 's long-term economic success will depend on exports to the Russian market : neither Georgian wine nor Georgian fruit is needed in the United States or Italy .
The American Revolution can be traced directly to the growing sense among colonists that Parliament 's rule in North America was illegitimate .
He resigned only after winning election to parliament .
Well , this is the logic behind the United States Federal Reserve 's second round of `` quantitative easing '' -LRB- QE2 -RRB- , its strategy to keep flooding the money pipes until credit starts flowing freely again from banks to businesses .
Nobel prize-winning economist Paul Krugman , who berates the Fed for not opening the monetary sluice far wider , showed the follies of the crude Keynesian approach nearly a decade ago .
Following the mid-term elections and the resurgence of the Republicans in the US Congress , the Fed 's decision to pump $ 600 billion into the economy by mid-2011 is likely to trigger similar actions in the United Kingdom , Japan , and other advanced economies .
In October , the People 's Bank of China , responding to the twin threats of inflation and asset bubbles , raised its one-year deposit and lending rates by 25 basis points , to 2.5 % and 5.56 % , respectively -- the first increases since 2007 .
After the Fed 's QE move , Brazil is preparing to retaliate . `` It 's no use throwing dollars out of a helicopter , '' as Brazilian Minister of Finance Guido Mantega put it .
Today , a deepening global divide sets the slow-growing US against many emerging-market economies and commodity-producing countries .
Economic relations between major players such as China and Japan are increasingly close -- owing not only to booming trade , but also to direct investment and regional production networks .
First , the AKP insists that it opposes creating a Sharia state , and experts say that there is no `` smoking gun '' in the Chief Prosecutor 's indictment showing that the AKP has moved toward such a goal .
So , whoever wins the election will have a partial minority in the legislature for his entire six-year term , and his legitimacy will be questioned by large segments of the electorate .
Whatever the result of a recount , the winner would command enhanced legitimacy .
Among the activist community in Jakarta , the most successful organizations are those that draw support from the women 's wings of Muhammadiyah and NU : Muslimat , Fatayat , and Aisyiyah .
Many of the opposition groups , representing a broad spectrum of opinion -- including a traditional liberal party , the Islamist Muslim Brotherhood , and the Facebook activists of the April 6 Youth Movement -- have indicated that they might support an interim government , possibly one led by the Nobel Peace Prize winner Mohamed ElBaradei .
In early July 1914 , after the murder of Austrian Archduke Franz Ferdinand , Wilhelm egged on the Austrians , but by the end of the month he could n't restrain his own subordinates from starting a war , following the dictates of military strategy -- the famed Schlieffen Plan .
State power is even on the rise , partly as a backlash to globalization and as a result of growing wealth from energy markets .
Market participants , knowing this , would realize that inflation would not be sustained .
Argentina was praised for allowing large foreign ownership of banks .
Of course , the country needed to undertake other reforms - but following the IMF 's advice regarding contractionary fiscal policies made matters worse .
In addition , there should be a windfall profits tax on oil and gas companies .
The implications are clear : a show of power wins the day .
First , it relied -- once again -- on trickle-down economics : somehow , throwing enough money at Wall Street would trickle down to Main Street , helping ordinary workers and homeowners .
The US economy has been sustained by a consumption boom fueled by excessive borrowing , and that will be curtailed .
Third , government could assume part of a mortgage , taking advantage of its lower borrowing costs .
So we may have to pray that a agreement crafted with the toxic mix of special interests , misguided economics , and right-wing ideologies that produced the crisis can somehow produce a rescue plan that works -- or whose failure does n't do too much damage .
Guided by one of the architects of the problem , Hank Paulson , who had advocated for deregulation and allowing banks to take on even more leveraging , it was no surprise that the administration veered from one policy to another -- each strategy supported with absolute conviction , until minutes before it was abandoned for another .
Not long ago , there was discussion of the dangers of a disorderly unwinding of the global economy 's massive imbalances .
What we are seeing today is part of that unwinding .
Indeed , it is the ultimate irony that money is now flowing from poor and well-managed economies to the US , the source of the global problems .
What matters more than deficits is what we do with money ; borrowing to finance high-productivity investments in education , technology , or infrastructure strengthens a nation 's balance sheet .
The legacy of underinvestment in technology and infrastructure , especially of the green kind , and the growing divide between the rich and the poor , requires congruence between short-run spending and a long-term vision .
Money was flowing to those who had caused the problem , rather than to the victims .
Worse still , much of the money flowing into the banks to recapitalize them so that they could resume lending has been flowing out in the form of bonus payments and dividends .
Knowing that the government will pick up the pieces if necessary , they will postpone resolving mortgages and pay out billions in bonuses and dividends .
Throwing money at banks has n't helped homeowners : foreclosures continue to increase .
But if we are to avoid winding up in another debt crisis , some , perhaps much , of the money will have to be given in grants .
They can undertake risks that others can not , knowing that if they fail , they may be bailed out .
If they take big bets and win , they walk away with the proceeds ; if they fail , the government picks up the tab .
Eighteen months ago , French President Nicolas Sarkozy established an international Commission on the Measurement of Economic Performance and Social Progress , owing to his dissatisfaction -- and that of many others -- with the current state of statistical information about the economy and society .
Of course , anyone who wanted to could have seen American households ' growing indebtedness , which would have gone a long way toward correcting the false impression of success given by the GDP statistic .
Before Borlaug , the world faced the threat of a Malthusian nightmare : growing populations in the developing world and insufficient food supplies .
Before the green revolution , Nobel Prize-winning economist Gunnar Myrdal predicted a bleak future for an Asia mired in poverty .
Soaring food prices before the global financial crisis provided a warning , as does the slowing rate of growth of agricultural productivity .
· Too-big-to-fail banks have perverse incentives ; if they gamble and win , they walk off with the proceeds ; if they fail , taxpayers pick up the tab .
· Financial institutions are too intertwined to fail ; the part of AIG that cost America 's taxpayers $ 180 billion was relatively small .
In particular , allowing such banks to continue engaging in proprietary trading distorts financial markets .
Either they were swindling shareholders and investors , or they did n't understand the nature of risk and reward .
One idea receiving attention is a new form of global money akin to the IMF 's Special Drawing Rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- .
Countries like to keep their reserves growing in tandem with growth in imports and other foreign liabilities .
While America benefits from increased demand for its Treasury bills -LRB- which reduces borrowing costs -RRB- , developing countries receive a return of just 2 % - essentially zero in real terms .
As the global economy returns to growth , governments should , of course , have plans on the drawing board to raise taxes and cut expenditures .
No one wins from a trade war .
But Germany -LRB- and its Constitutional Court -RRB- , partly following popular opinion , has opposed giving Greece the help that it needs .
Curiously , there is a growing consensus on both the left and the right that the government will have to continue propping up the housing market for the foreseeable future .
Part of the rule of law is security of property rights -- if you owe money on your house , for example , the bank ca n't simply take it away without following the prescribed legal process .
Most people evicted from their homes have not been paying their mortgages , and , in most cases , those who are throwing them out have rightful claims .
With one out of four mortgages in the US under water -- more owed than the house is worth -- there is a growing consensus that the only way to deal with the mess is to write down the value of the principal -LRB- what is owed -RRB- .
Growing inequality , combined with a flawed system of campaign finance , risks turning America 's legal system into a travesty of justice .
After all , in globalized financial markets , money looks for the best prospects around the world , and these prospects are in Asia , not the US . So the money wo n't go where it 's needed , and much of it will wind up where it 's not wanted -- causing further increases in asset and commodity prices , especially in emerging markets .
In the run up to the crisis , both were governed by right-wing governments marked by crony capitalism or worse , demonstrating once again that free-market economics did n't work in Europe any better than it did in the US .
NEW YORK -- In the aftermath of the Great Recession , countries have been left with unprecedented peacetime deficits and increasing anxieties about their growing national debts .
Following this is the need to eliminate corporate welfare .
Banks never wanted to admit to their bad loans , and now they do n't want to recognize the losses , at least not until they can adequately recapitalize themselves through their trading profits and the large spread between their high lending rates and rock-bottom borrowing costs .
Indeed , so dismal were its prospects as it approached independence from Britain , which came in 1968 , that the Nobel Prize-winning economist James Meade wrote in 1961 : `` It is going to be a great achievement if -LRB- the country -RRB- can find productive employment for its population without a serious reduction in the existing standard of living ... -LRB- T -RRB- he outlook for peaceful development is weak . ''
The timing could not have been worse : the East Asia crisis was just brewing -- a crisis that was largely the result of capital-market liberalization in a region that , given its high savings rate , had no need for it .
This crisis was largely a result of America 's effort to bolster an economy weakened by vastly increased inequality , through low interest rates and lax regulation -LRB- both of which resulted in many people borrowing far beyond their means -RRB- .
Similarly , changes in voting procedures -LRB- public voting by countries , rather than through constituencies , or a requirement that candidates win the support of a majority of developing and emerging countries -RRB- could persuade more emerging-market officials to put their names forward .
On the contrary , a resurgence of right-wing economics , driven , as always , by ideology and special interests , once again threatens the global economy -- or at least the economies of Europe and America , where these ideas continue to flourish .
Rather than carefully balancing the benefits of each government expenditure program with the costs of raising taxes to finance those benefits , the right seeks to use a sledgehammer -- not allowing the national debt to increase forces expenditures to be limited to taxes .
Regrettably , the financial markets and right-wing economists have gotten the problem exactly backwards : they believe that austerity produces confidence , and that confidence will produce growth .
It had no choice : with financial turmoil threatening to spread from small countries like Greece and Ireland to large ones like Italy and Spain , the euro 's very survival was in growing jeopardy .
The single most important driver of deficit growth is weak tax revenues , owing to poor economic performance ; the single best remedy would be to put America back to work .
In Afghanistan and Iraq , the US and its allies knew that long-term victory required winning hearts and minds .
The banks claim that lending remains constrained by a shortage of creditworthy borrowers , owing to the sick economy .
Globalization has been one , but only one , of the factors contributing to the second key problem -- growing inequality .
In August 1998 , with the ruble 's devaluation , we tested the alternative , Keynsian hypotheses : production soared , and relatively quickly , showing that policies emphasizing excessive austerity had caused unnecessary idleness of human and physical resources , and unnecessary suffering .
There are not two or three Argentina 's , one following the experiment that I described above , and another adopting the policies that I prefer .
Whoever wins the election almost certainly will continue to make further investments in education .
Whoever wins the election will in all likelihood pursue a strong land reform program .
Moreover , whoever wins the election almost surely will reflect that broad national consensus .
Brazil 's victory in the World Cup may have no connection with these reforms , but the creativity of that winning team does say a great deal about the spirit of the country .
The next IMF team should reflect on the following questions and lessons :
But America is not alone in allowing for official accounting shenanigans .
If a state owned enterprise in Latin America wants to borrow to make an investment , in Latin America such borrowing is treated as an addition to the deficit .
But by IMF logic , all you see in the accounts is increased expenditure and borrowing , not the value of the acquired asset .
According to Mexican and Chilean officials I have discussed the matter with , spending from a stabilization fund is reportedly treated as if the country is borrowing , thus adding to its deficit .
Moreover , a distortion of private incentives affects public incentives as well , and the two become intertwined .
Chile now faces similar actions , as it has in the past , concerning some important exports , such as wine and salmon .
Assume that the Japanese government financed its deficit partly by printing money rather than borrowing . Some individuals and firms who receive this money might simply hold on to the newly minted yen , but others might choose to spend it on goods and services , thereby stimulating the economy .
The pre-1998 period of economic decline , on their view , reflected a stalled transition process , whereas the ruble crisis finally jolted the authorities into action , with recovery following implementation of far-reaching reforms .
They shunted aside micro-level data that showed that there was in fact excess capacity , just as they ignored a World Bank analysis showing that fresh IMF loans would not restore economic growth , but would only leave the country deeper in debt .
Indeed , even with the turmoil of default and devaluation , and despite the usual 12-18-month lag in the impact of devaluation , Russia was growing at 5.4 % annually by the end of 1999 .
Firms are in a far better position than consumers to assess the safety of their product ; we all benefit knowing that our legal system has provided corporations with incentives to pay attention to the safety of what they produce .
For example , if economic growth in the center were strong but smaller countries were showing weaknesses , monetary policy would be determined by the needs of the center .
International exchange rate markets can be volatile , and this uncertainty translates into higher effective borrowing costs .
The important point is that unless the economy is growing at a fairly strong pace , say around 3 % , no jobs will be created .
Some new trade and investment agreements under discussion propose to go further , allowing domestic laws , whatever their merits , to be set aside in order to promote international flows of goods and services .
It might have been able to win over the Iraqi people in the early months of the occupation , but by now its cumulative mistakes may have doomed the campaign for hearts and minds to failure .
This twin deficit has taken a severe toll on foreigners ' confidence in the fundamental health of the US economy -- and hence on the external value of the dollar .
Meanwhile , once recovery has set in , the huge borrowing demands of the US and Europe will almost certainly drive up real interest rates globally , posing new problems for the world 's emerging markets .
Nevertheless , the global gains from allowing freer flows of unskilled labor -LRB- even temporarily -RRB- , let alone the benefits to developing countries , far outweigh the benefits from capital market liberalization .
But why would anyone knowingly sell at a loss ?
The Netherlands , after its discovery of North Sea gas and oil , found itself plagued with growing unemployment and workforce disability -LRB- many of those who could not get jobs found disability benefits to be more generous than unemployment benefits . -RRB-
Moreover , such fluctuations are amplified by borrowing in good years , so countries should resist foreign lenders who try to persuade them of the virtues of such capital flows .
If they were not following precise orders , they were at least responding to vague pro forma instructions from the top : do n't do anything illegal , just maximize profits .
There is a growing recognition that the values he and his administration reflect are the antithesis of what America has long stood for - the values of an open society , in which differences of view are freely debated within a culture of civility and mutual respect for the rights of all .
The European Union was simply doing what it should do , following well established procedures .
There was a time when privatization -- allowing individuals to set up individual savings accounts -- seemed better than Social Security , which invests in lower-yielding Treasury bills .
This was certainly true in the 1980 's and early 1990 's , when right-wing ideology dominated , producing a one-size-fits-all prescription entailing privatization , liberalization , and macroeconomic stability -LRB- meaning price stability -RRB- , with little attention to employment , equity , or the environment .
No one can imagine hiring a worker , but allowing him not to inform his employer about what he is doing on the job .
Led by Papua New Guinea and Costa Rica , a group of developing countries , a new rainforest coalition has now come forward with an innovative proposal , not only offering to commit to greenhouse-gas limits , but also showing how this can be done in a way that will promote their development .
I served on the International Panel for Climate Change in the mid-1990 's , reviewing the scientific evidence concerning the magnitude of increases in greenhouse gasses and their economic and social consequences .
Rather than promoting stable economies with faster growth and lower interest rates , the IMF 's simplistic prescriptions for capital and financial market liberalization often resulted in the opposite : collapsing financial sectors , prohibitively high borrowing costs , widespread social dislocation , and political upheaval .
While Dr. Krueger seems sympathetic to critics of the massive IMF bailouts of the Fischer era , knowing what you are against is insufficient .
Now , the IMF offers the following reassurance : `` You may be stingy , you may not be living up to your commitments , but the money probably would n't have made much difference anyway . ''
Money that could have been used to save thousands of lives was spent to win votes .
The Nobel Prize-winning economist Amartya Sen has emphasized that most famines are associated not with a shortage of food , but the failure to get food to the people who need it , largely because they lack purchasing power .
After reviewing the evidence , it concluded that the case for going to war had not been made , while the risk of turmoil -- about which most experts in the region warned -- almost certainly weighed on the deliberations .
When weapons of mass destruction were not found , the US and its small -LRB- and dwindling -RRB- `` coalition of the willing '' conjured up a new rationale -- the struggle for democracy .
This , then , is Greenspan 's second legacy : growing doubt about central bank independence .
There may well be some increase in gross investment , as obsolete equipment and software are replaced . But there also is some evidence that innovation is slowing -- perhaps the result of reduced investment in research in the past five years .
In any case , even if firms are cash-rich , they do not typically expand investment during periods when consumption is slowing .
The main risk in 2006 is that America 's long-brewing problems come to a head globally : investors , finally taking heed of the large structural fiscal deficit , the yawning trade gap , and the high level of household indebtedness , may pull money out of the US in a panic .
There is a growing sense that we may have lost our way , put too much emphasis on material self-interest , too little emphasis on shared interests .
And should Bolivia , or foreign companies , reap most of the windfall gains from increases in energy prices ?
Growing inequality in the advanced industrial countries was a long-predicted but seldom advertised consequence of globalization .
Economic theory does not say that everyone will win from globalization , but only that the net gains will be positive , and that the winners can therefore compensate the losers and still come out ahead .
This has been done in the US , where taxes have become less progressive , with tax cuts given to the winners -- those who benefit from both globalization and technological changes .
As a result , the US and others following its example are becoming rich countries with poor people .
Owing to its huge subsidies , America exports cotton , and it would import little even if formal barriers are removed .
Exxon has reportedly been funding so-called think tanks to undermine confidence in the science of global warming , just as the tobacco industry funded `` research '' to question the validity of statistical findings showing the link between smoking and cancer .
Seemingly dramatic changes in weather patterns -- including the melting of glaciers in Greenland and the thawing of the Siberian permafrost -- have at last convinced most business leaders that the time for action is now .
It would be part of the portfolio of methods for encouraging and supporting research . A prize fund would work well in areas in which needs are well known -- the case for many diseases afflicting the poor -- allowing clear goals to be set in advance .
Nowhere in the world do neighbors live together more peacefully , and people move more freely and with greater security , than in Europe , owing in part to a new European identity that is not bound to national citizenship .
In this area , too , Europe has taken the lead , especially concerning global warming , showing that petty selfishness can be put aside to achieve a common good .
China has been engaged in what might be called `` vendor finance , '' providing the money that helps finance the huge US fiscal and trade deficits , allowing Americans to buy more goods than they sell .
As China moves away from export-led growth , it will have to look for new sources of dynamism in its growing entrepreneurial ranks , which requires a commitment to creating an independent innovation system .
Good Governance Begins At Home The whole sorry Wolfowitz affair looks like it is finally drawing to a close .
Just as Malaysia was gaining its independence , the Nobel Prize winning economist Gunnar Myrdal wrote an influential book called Asian Drama , in which he predicted a bleak future for the region .
It eschewed ideology , following or rejecting outsiders ' advice on a pragmatic basis .
The only way -LRB- in this view -RRB- not to win was to sit on the sidelines .
What is required is to give individuals with excessive indebtedness an expedited way to a fresh start -- for example , a special bankruptcy provision allowing them to recover , say , 75 % of the equity they originally put into the house , with the lenders bearing the cost .
These countries are now growing at 5 % or 6 % or more -- not quite as fast as in the days of the East Asia miracle , but far more rapidly than many thought possible in the aftermath of the crisis .
As countries emerged , many placed a new emphasis on `` harmony , '' in an effort to redress the growing divide between rich and poor , urban and rural .
Subsequent research by the IMF has confirmed what every serious study had shown : capital market liberalization brings instability , but not necessarily growth . -LRB- India and China have , by the same token , been the fastest-growing economies . -RRB-
Following the 1997 crisis , there was a consensus that fundamental reform of the global financial architecture were needed .
But Indonesia is number three , owing to its rapid deforestation .
There have been worries for years about the global imbalances caused by America 's huge overseas borrowing .
Economic adjustments of this magnitude are always painful , but the economic pain is greater today because the winners are less prone to spend .
If monetary authorities respond appropriately to growing inflationary pressure -- recognizing that much of it is imported , and not a result of excess domestic demand -- we may be able to manage our way through it .
The war has had only two winners : oil companies and defense contractors .
Decisions about options and how to implement them are difficult , owing to uncertainties over hazards , benefits , and potential side effects .
Where we face uncertainty , though , we are confident in our knowledge of possible outcomes , but not of their likelihood -- owing either to difficulties in prediction or to lack of information .
These include permitting high financial access even before a crisis materializes , and allowing disbursements to be more front-loaded .
Normal limits on access to IMF resources are being doubled -- a development consistent with the growing consensus that the Fund 's lending capacity needs to be at least doubled given the severity of this crisis .
Emerging markets that approach the IMF early on for pre-crisis financing will find shelter from the winds of global deleveraging , which in turn will help contain the spread of the crisis .
The US lost its ability to play a more constructive role in the region following its ill-fated intervention in Iraq , while the Bush administration 's neo-conservative `` freedom agenda '' for the Arab world also backfired .
There can be no doubt that growing foreign-policy activism , especially in relation to the Middle East , has begun to enhance Turkey 's role and influence in its own region .
For optimists , Turkey 's growing regional influence enhances its value for the EU .
Such borrowing was especially attractive as asset -LRB- housing and equity -RRB- prices kept rising , interest rates remained low , and succeeding generations of financial market innovators could convince investors that they had mastered the exigencies of risk .
The growing need for measures to correct global imbalances was met with disbelief by influential policymakers and market analysts alike : `` Why change a winning formula ? ''
The contraction of property and stock markets will undoubtedly dampen US household borrowing and demand , potentially triggering a downward spiral .
Addressing this growing crisis is the aim of the Global Conference on Food Security in Rome on June 3-5 .
Moreover , growing urbanization and other non-agricultural uses of land have reduced acreage available for food production , while agricultural land is increasingly used to produce commodities other than food , such as bio-fuels .
Falling asset prices in other financial market segments , following the sub-prime mortgage meltdown in the United States , may be more important for explaining the recent surge in food prices than supply constraints or other factors underlying longer-term gradual upward price trends .
In order to provide more energy to meet development goals without accelerating global warming , there must be a shift to a new energy infrastructure built around renewables -LRB- of which the most significant are probably solar power , wind , and biofuels -RRB- , cleaner coal , and carbon capture and storage .
If targeted at the most promising technology options -LRB- say , solar and wind -RRB- , such a strategy would yield early unit cost write-downs through innovation , learning , and economies of scale ; give the private sector clear , credible , and attractive signals ; and encourage energy efficiency .
Urgent action is needed , as the recent financial and economic crisis , following hard on the heels of the food-price crisis , is believed to have set back progress on poverty reduction even further .
There are also growing fears that climate change will more adversely threaten the lives of the poor .
NEW YORK -- Since the 2008-2009 slump lifted in mid-2009 -- and especially following the exposure of the massive public-debt problems in Greece , Ireland , and elsewhere in Europe -- most G-7 governments have reversed their earlier counter-recessionary positions .
With private-sector demand still weak , austerity is slowing , not accelerating , recovery .
Strident calls for structural reforms mainly target labor markets , rather than product markets . Growing worker insecurity is seen as the basis for a healthy economy .
Growing income inequality in most countries before the Great Recession only made matters worse , by reducing household savings and increasing credit for consumption and asset purchases , rather than augmenting investment in new economic capacity .
There could be no greater opportunity for doing so than this strategically crucial window in the history of Europe and the southern Mediterranean .
Economic discrepancies are growing .
Foreign ministers of the 55-nation Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe -LRB- OSCE -RRB- decided last month in Porto to develop a new strategy for economic and environmental co-operation in the Euro-Atlantic area so as to address security threats resulting from the growing inequalities between countries of this region .
Voters could choose between a left-wing coalition and a right-wing coalition .
Under the new electoral rules , seats are allotted to parties in proportion to votes , but a special provision induces parties to forge pre-electoral agreements : the pre-electoral coalition that wins the most votes receives a seat premium that ensures a comfortable majority in the Chamber of Deputies -LRB- the lower house -RRB- .
Prodi 's left-wing l'Unione coalition comprises a hodge-podge of parties spread all over the political spectrum , ranging from staunch communists to former liberals -LRB- with communists stronger than in the previous election -RRB- .
But the left-wing parties that support him have already announced that they will block the constitutional reform , which they opposed for other reasons .
Europe 's lumpen outsiders are becoming insiders as the Continent 's political pendulum swings to the right .
This swing does not simply mark the return of traditional conservative parties and policies - smaller governments , more attention to the interests of capital - to power . Something new is at work .
In Italy , the Netherlands , Austria , and Denmark , the government is either a coalition or a minority government propped up by the pivotal support of populist right-wing parties .
In the past , Europe 's political contests were waged between left wing parties representing the interests of labor , and right wing parties representing the interests of capital .
The successes of populist\/right wing parties can largely be attributed to the failures of left-leaning governments .
Many `` outsiders '' supported right-wing populist parties in the latest elections ; their votes are critical for the survival of the new center-right governments in many European countries .
Traditional pro-capitalist right-wing parties would welcome such reforms .
Yet , welfare state reform is not a priority of right-wing populists .
While productivity was accelerating in the US , it was slowing down markedly in the largest EU economies .
In wholesale and retail distribution , but also in financial services and in other advanced service sectors , productivity was roughly constant in Europe , while it was growing at 4-5 % a year on average in the US .
Specifically , it recommends a way to strengthen the democratic legitimacy of the Commission by allowing its president to be elected either by the Parliament or by an electoral college that also includes representatives from national parliaments .
The same problems led to the collapse of the previous government -LRB- a left-wing coalition led by current EU Commission President Romano Prodi -RRB- , and they would certainly continue under a new government if a left-wing coalition was voted into office at the next election .
By reducing transaction costs and removing exchange-rate uncertainty , the single European currency was expected to lead to fully integrated product and financial markets . This , in turn , would bring greater gains from trade , stronger competition , larger cross-border capital flows , lower borrowing costs , and more opportunities for sharing risk , all of which were expected ultimately to boost investment and productivity .
Allowing free elections and true political competition is also critically important , but this should follow economic reforms , not precede them .
First , the economy is growing far too slowly .
Moreover , an aging population implies further pressure on fiscal expenditure , owing to higher pension and health-care costs , with all of Japan 's baby boomers set to reach age 65 in about five years .
Most Asian countries are recovering strongly from the global recession that set in following the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008 .
Second , the renminbi is expected to appreciate substantially in the coming years , owing not only to pressure over China 's huge trade surplus , but also to the Chinese government 's understanding that a stronger renminbi , despite its negative impact on exporters , is needed to fight inflation .
While China 's economy is growing very rapidly , Japan is still struggling .
The world 's expectations for responsible economic management by the governments of both China and Japan -- and thus the need for it -- are growing by the day .
Kan continues to believe that a large government , with growing social-welfare expenditures , is the way to get the economy moving .
In light of China 's rapid economic growth and the renminbi 's growing strength , Chinese GDP -LRB- based on the market dollar rate -RRB- will likely exceed that of the US much earlier than expected , possibly in 10-15 years .
Although Chinese GDP is large and growing , its per capita income is still low , and its economic policies differ sharply from those prevailing in the region 's OECD countries .
Last year , Japan 's economy grew at a relatively healthy 3 % annual rate , higher than in the United States or the European Union , owing mainly to the fiscal expansion undertaken after the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008 .
On the downside , confidence among consumers and investors alike has taken a hit , mainly owing to fears about radiation leakages and power shortages .
Indeed , oil rents eventually weaken state institutions , and this hollowing out of the state often gives rise to growing discontent .
But , as individual taxpayers , we are helpless , because we do not control outcomes , owing to the concerted efforts of lobbyists , or , worse , economic policymakers .
Tensions in the Middle East , and growing rivalry between the US and Venezuela , will make Brazil an attractive supplier .
The size of the new oil reserves adds even more weight to Brazil 's growing global influence .
But Japan can no longer afford to be silent or vague about growing global insecurity , as the crisis next door on the Korean peninsula demonstrates .
Japan must avoid repeating the unseemly scenario following Saddam Hussein 's defeat in the Gulf War of 1991 , when it wrote large checks to cover the war 's costs , yet had no say in the war 's conduct or war aims .
If not openly committed to opposing Western values and interests , China 's interests in cowing Taiwan and in asserting regional hegemony across Asia certainly are not those of Europe and the West , not to mention Japan , India , and the rest of Asia .
Yet the window of opportunity for an EU-Kazakh partnership may be closing .
Drawing Kazakhstan westward would help embed this secular tradition .
The small number of countries that recognize Taiwan diplomatically is dwindling constantly , owing to a mixture of Chinese pressure and blandishments .
On top of all this , Taiwan 's 22 million people go about their daily business knowing that thousands of Chinese missiles are ready to be launched at them at a moment 's notice .
The professionalism of Colombia 's armed forces , coupled with Uribe 's popularity and a growing economy , has delivered , for the first time in three decades , normality to Colombia 's cities and , increasingly , peace and the rule of law to much of its vast jungle regions . Uribe 's relentlessness has brought on waves of defections from the FARC , which is now down to 9,000 guerrillas from a peak of 16,000 in 2001 .
Indeed , many FARC defectors now prefer to fight for their cause at the ballot box under the new left-wing Polo Alternativo Democratico .
That backing appeared to be part of Chávez 's `` Bolivarian '' socialist revolution , which has used Venezuela 's petrodollars to bankroll left-wing governments in Ecuador , Bolivia , and Cuba in the hope of building up a regional anti-American alliance .
There were serious grounds over the last three years to believe that Latin America was going through one of its regular bouts of left-wing destabilization , given the rise of Bolivian President Evo Morales , Ecuador 's President Rafael Correa , and their ringleader , Chávez .
This made it easier for Lula in particular to buck his socialist allies and distance himself from Chávez , having as recently as March 2008 backed Chávez following Colombia 's brief incursion into Ecuador which killed FARC Commander Raul Reyes .
Some commentators argue that in repairing relations , Uribe , Calderón , and Lula hope to mollify their left-wing opponents .
Indeed , following a fact-finding mission in 2007 , a consensus is emerging within the EU that an African Union country should be the first to recognize Somaliland 's independence .
A 2005 report by Patrick Mazimhaka , a former AU deputy chairman , provides some leeway for this , as Mazimhaka pointed out that the union in 1960 between Somaliland and Somalia , following the withdrawal of the colonial powers -LRB- Britain and Italy -RRB- , was never formally ratified .
Yet Ethiopia may hesitate , owing to its fears that formally recognizing Somaliland 's independence could undermine Somalia 's fragile Western-backed Transitional Federal Government .
It was briefly independent -LRB- for five days -RRB- in 1960 after the British withdrawal , before throwing in its lot with the formerly Italian south , a decision which its people have regretted ever since .
The fate of the Chagossians , the former residents of the Chagos Islands in the Indian Ocean , is particularly harrowing .
Despite the tragic impact of this compulsory removal , the islanders never gave up their campaign to win the right to return home .
But , proxy war or not , this almost unprecedented redrawing of Africa 's colonial borders -LRB- Eritrea two decades ago was the last example -RRB- could have profound consequences for the continent 's future .
But now many Bangladeshis fears for their livelihoods , owing to unlimited Chinese textile imports following the end of quotas last year .
High-tech businesses have helped enormously in this effort by showing that India has more to gain than lose from competing in the global marketplace .
India already is being treated with growing respect in global economic councils .
Following the ambush of the UK forces , the Iranian authorities dissembled as to their exact location at the time of their abduction , which was subsequently proven by the UK government to have been in Iraqi territorial waters operating under the authority of UN resolutions and with the express consent of the Iraqi government .
Economic links are historically strong and growing .
For once , the rot is not in Brussels , but rather in a growing number of European capitals .
The problem for Italian officials , as for the other governments concerned by the recent migration flows , is the pressure of right-wing populist parties , which no longer need to be on the defensive .
But Nahda 's ambition to win over -- and , ultimately , stably occupy -- the mainstream of Tunisia 's democratic politics requires nothing less .
Contrary to the ranting of Euroskeptic politicians in Britain and , increasingly , in eurozone member countries , the growing disenchantment of voters with politics reflects the distance that has grown between promises and results , not the distance between EU officials and member states ' citizens .
This disturbing decline of faith in democracy , which is not confined to Italy , brings us back to the powerful rationale underlying Europeans ' growing reliance on technocratic governance : security .
But more and more American businesses realize that still-growing Asian markets are vital for their future profits and overall economic recovery .
But , though they are gone , the issue of regional leadership remains . Indeed , it is growing more important by the day .
Suppose that during a public lecture , some people feel hot and ask that the windows be opened ; others disagree .
Our freedom is realized and defended by this law , whether or not we win or lose any particular decision .
Growing demand for raw materials , owing to sharply increased industrial growth in Asia , particularly China and India , has benefited the terms of trade of many Latin American countries , and this is not expected to end anytime soon .
Historically , fiscal profligacy tends to take hold at times like these , with windfall revenues wasted on extravagant public projects .
ABIDJAN -- On December 2 , Côte d'Ivoire 's Independent Electoral Commission -LRB- CEI -RRB- declared opposition leader Alassane Ouattara the winner of the country 's November presidential election with 54.1 % of the vote .
One day after the result was announced , the country 's Constitutional Council , led by Gbagbo 's close ally Paul Yao N'Dre , annulled the results from seven departments in the north , declaring Gbagbo the winner of the election with 51 % of the vote .
UN Special Envoy for Côte d'Ivoire Choi Young-jin was categorical , stating that `` the proclamation of the final results by the President of the Constitutional Council ... which makes candidate Laurent Gbagbo the winner of the second round , can only be interpreted as a decision having no factual basis . ''
Similarly , in Kenya , President Mwai Kibaki and Prime Minister Raila Odinga signed a power-sharing agreement following elections in January 2008 that were marred by widespread irregularity , violence , and destruction .
Moreover , Indian officials must still nurture the small , albeit growing , constituency that supports a rapidly transformed relationship with the US .
Their societies are already intertwined -- and will be even more so in the future -- by various personal , economic , and social links .
Whether or not they overtake the US , however , one thing is certain : China 's neighbor and regional geopolitical rival , India , will be lucky to win even a single medal .
But none of us can deny the attraction of the flags under which those athletes compete , the anthem that is played for the winners , and , ultimately , that impossible-to-ignore , regularly-updated medal tally , listing the gold , silver , and bronze medals awarded to each country , the Games ' real honor roll .
Every Indian who follows the Olympics has cringed scanning the daily list of medal winners , eyes traveling down past dozens of nations big and small before alighting on a solitary Indian bronze in tennis or wrestling .
The one gold medal we had become used to winning since the 1920 's , in field hockey , has proved elusive in recent Games , as our players have stumbled on Astroturf .
In everything where simple human prowess is at stake -- running , jumping , swimming , lifting , throwing - Indians simply do n't have what it takes .
Initially signed in July 2005 , the agreement is a major milestone in the growing partnership between the world 's oldest and largest democracies .
Estranged during the Cold War by American support for Pakistan and India 's leadership of the non-aligned movement , the two countries have been drawing ever closer during the last decade .
But , like all good agreements , the deal is a `` win-win '' : it helps India cope with crippling energy shortages by tripling its nuclear power generating capacity , and it provides major business opportunities for American companies to sell reactors and nuclear technology .
Could a person of color win power in other white-majority countries ?
Mayawati 's shrewd alliances , including with some members of the upper castes , which propelled her to power in Uttar Pradesh , give her party a fighting chance to win a number of other seats as well .
They caused death and destruction to Indians with near-impunity , searing India 's psyche , showing up the limitations of its security apparatus and humiliating its government .
Though some hotheads in India now call for military action , including strikes on terrorist facilities in Pakistani territory , this would certainly lead to a war that neither side could win .
Israel can dictate the terms of its military incursion and end it at will , whereas an Indian military action would immediately spark a war with a well-armed neighbor that neither side could win .
This year , the country 's attention has been riveted by the surprise Oscar winning best picture , Slumdog Millionaire -- set in India , with Indian characters , Indian actors and Indian themes -- which was nominated in ten categories .
Directed by Scotland 's Danny Boyle -LRB- Trainspotting -RRB- , and based on the page-turning novel Q and A by Indian diplomat Vikas Swarup , the film has captured the hearts of audiences and critics around the world with its tale of a child from the slums , a tea-boy in a call-center , who wins a TV quiz show modeled on Who Wants to be a Millionaire .
Others have , more predictably , decried the film 's searingly authentic depiction of India 's poverty and slum life . Slumdog Millionaire was filmed in large part with small hand-held digital cameras on location in Dharavi , Mumbai 's -LRB- and Asia 's -RRB- biggest slum , and does not skip the mounds of garbage , cesspits , and overflowing drains .
So , Slumdog Millionaire following its four Golden Globes and Screen Actors ' Guild awards , seven BAFTA awards -LRB- the British Oscars -RRB- , and eight Academy Awards , is a cause to celebrate in India .
A tradition of conservative banking regulation and a tough-minded Governor of the Reserve Bank -LRB- India 's central bank -RRB- ensured that Indian banks did not acquire the toxic debts flowing from sub-prime loans , credit-default swaps , and over-inflated housing prices that assailed Western banks .
Instead , the decline in Indian stocks reflected foreign investors ' liquidity problems : they withdrew from holdings in India because they needed their money back home , not because it was n't growing for them .
Second , once things have begun to stabilize in the West , investors looking for a place to put their money will look anew at India , owing to the opportunities for growth and the sheer size of the market .
Only one thing is certain : no single party will win a majority on its own .
In foreign policy , India 's growing closeness with the United States under both the BJP and the Congress has proved controversial at home , with leftist parties threatening to scrap the Indo-US nuclear deal and break defense ties with Israel if they come to power .
Despite an unprecedented global recession , India remained the second fastest growing economy in the world .
An estimated 1.4 billion people were still living in extreme poverty in 2005 , and the number is likely to be higher today , owing to the global economic crisis .
Several powerful states , whose growing global role has made them aspirants to permanent seats on a reformed Security Council , will serve alongside India .
As prime minister , Nehru carefully nurtured the country 's infant democratic institutions by showing them respect , even deference .
When a bhangra beat is infused into a Western pop record or an Indian choreographer invents a fusion of kathak and ballet ; when Indian women sweep the Miss World and Miss Universe contests , or when `` Monsoon Wedding '' wows the critics and `` Lagaan '' claims an Oscar nomination ; when Indian writers win the Booker or Pulitzer Prizes , India 's soft power is enhanced .
In the information age , as Joseph Nye , the guru of soft power , argues , it is not the side with the bigger army , but the side with the better story , that wins .
But India 's greatest prospects for winning admiration in the twenty-first century may lie not in what it does , but simply in what it is .
On one hand , India is a democracy with a long tradition of allowing peaceful protest , including against foreign countries when their leaders come visiting .
When the traditional English cricket season opened in April , as it has for the last couple of centuries , seasoned British journalists ruefully reported that while the players and officials were dutifully present , their minds were far away , following the fortunes of the lucrative league in India .
But , at the same time , more than 16 million hectares of pastures and degraded land -- an area half the size of Germany -- have been abandoned in the Amazon alone , owing to poor agricultural practices and land use .
Some take consolation from this , viewing it as positive that Europeans prefer leisure to work .
But low levels of labor utilization are largely due to heavier income taxes and social security contributions , as well as high social benefit levels introduced at a time when the labor force was growing rapidly and the need to replace involuntary with voluntary unemployment seemed more urgent than today .
This process is already underway , particularly in Italy and France , through cuts in social security contributions for lower-paid workers , tighter conditions for drawing unemployment benefits , and tax credits for `` the working poor . ''
A popular government in which the Islamist Muslim Brotherhood is represented would worry the Americans and the Egyptian military , owing to the prospect that it would repudiate the peace treaty with Israel and jeopardize relations with the US .
But economic growth , even in traditionally export-led economies , is driven by productivity growth , not by the ability to capture a growing share of global markets .
While imports must , of course , be financed by exports , the focus on trade competitiveness is drawing attention away from Europe 's underlying problem -- very weak productivity growth .
But that is precisely what happens when governments believe that economic salvation lies in winning a growing share of export markets .
Europe 's leaders will find that improving education and training -- and throwing open hitherto protected markets -- is a long and arduous task .
Borrowing costs remain unsustainably high for many eurozone economies -- and not just those in the periphery .
The economic growth potential of Spain and Italy , for example , now hovers around 1 % , but their borrowing costs exceed 6 % .
By contrast , German sovereign yields have fallen sharply , lowering public and private-sector borrowing costs .
The struggling economies need lower borrowing costs , or they will suffocate economically -LRB- and political support for eurozone membership will evaporate -RRB- .
For several eurozone economies , the additional borrowing would simply be too expensive .
A better solution would be to create a new , independent fiscal body to establish borrowing targets for individual member states , together with a European debt agency to issue eurobonds -LRB- up to a certain level -RRB- on their behalf .
A board of 17 people , one from each eurozone economy , would be unwieldy , and unlikely to win the support of the eurozone 's principal creditor countries .
At the same time , a board dominated by the creditor economies would be unlikely to win the backing of the debtor countries .
If a country deviated from its fiscal targets , it would be barred from borrowing additional funds at the risk-free interest rate .
And , while various creditor countries rightly fear that eurobonds would push up their borrowing costs and constitute a transfer union , opponents might eventually come around to seeing eurobonds as the least bad option .
For core countries , eurobonds would certainly be a cheaper option than underwriting loans to struggling member-states , which essentially means throwing good money after bad .
The dangers of allowing Iran to go nuclear ought to be obvious .
The growing together of people , regions , and countries underpins the foundations on which Europe rests .
International solutions are critical to prevent cross-border `` regulatory arbitrage '' -- for example , the circumvention of host-country regulation by borrowing directly from the parent bank .
Every region of the world is affected , although the epidemic is growing most rapidly in Oceania and least rapidly in East Asia .
Globally , the type 2 diabetes epidemic has been growing in lockstep with rising obesity levels .
Naturalized Killers The arrest of 17 people in Canada on terrorist charges underscores , across the West , a growing sense of dread and inevitability that is rooted in the homegrown nature of the threat .
Indeed , here is how one of the Madrid bombers described the psychological preparation to which he had been submitted : his leader `` made us watch DVDs showing pictures of war in Iraq , mostly pictures of women and children killed by American and British soldiers . ''
While the world 's attention is riveted on Iraq , the Colombia Plan , developed by the United States to fight drugs and left-wing guerrillas in Colombia , may soon be applied as a general strategy across the nations of the Andes , if not all of Latin America .
Worse still , the economic , territorial , and military insurgency of the FARC guerrillas was growing stronger .
Moreover , Colombia has not effectively recovered territorial sovereignty in areas controlled by armed right-wing groups like the United Self Defenses of Colombia .
The combination of highly mobilized and vocal indigenous groups -LRB- the Amerindians , mainly located in the western highlands of Bolivia , represent some 55 % of the population -RRB- and the declining influence of traditional elites at a time of socio-economic deterioration , has created a society in which there are more losers than winners .
If Morales had ever conceived a major revolutionary change in Bolivia , by early 2008 that project had dissipated , owing to the absence of a national consensus on the feasibility , intensity , and direction of such a transformation .
Moreover , boom in global consumption of cocaine -- owing to higher demand in Europe and Latin America , together with stable demand in the United States -- has brought new income to some Bolivians .
There is a window of opportunity to rebuild its state and institutions in more viable forms .
Meanwhile , Europe has become the principal source of arms to Brazil and Chile , and some EU countries -- notably France -- are showing growing interest in the Argentine-Brazilian nuclear agreement of February 2008 and in deepening military contacts .
For example , Ecuador , despite its `` dollarized '' economy and dependence on oil exports to the US , is now curtailing the US military 's use of its Manta Base . Nicaragua was the first country in the Western Hemisphere to recognize the independence of Abkhazia and South Ossetia following last summer 's Russian invasion of Georgia .
For most of the nineteenth century and well into the Cold War era , re-election of a sitting president was generally prohibited in the great majority of Latin American countries , owing to a general fear of leaders remaining permanently in power , abetted by the prevalence of electoral fraud .
In the last century , coups d'état were often the means by which -LRB- mostly military -RRB- rulers remained in power for many years , outlawing and persecuting the opposition .
Indeed , while the various legislative and presidential elections held throughout Latin America reinforced -- beyond the outcomes in each case -- popular commitment to pluralism and democracy , they also reflected growing levels of political polarization and persistent institutional shortcomings .
Ominous examples of the rising importance of the military in Latin American political affairs include the reinforcement of Plan Colombia and implementation of the Merida Initiative in Mexico and Central America , the reestablishment of the American Navy 's IV Fleet -LRB- deactivated in 1950 -RRB- , and the growing importance of the Southern Military Command in US foreign policy in the region .
He has also sought to benefit from ratcheting up tensions with neighboring Venezuela , and counts on his dauphin , former Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos , to unite the country 's right-wing forces in order to ensure continuity with his policies .
The whole human genome has approximately six billion bases , but a window into its composition can be probed using approximately one million bases -LRB- 0.01 % of the genome -RRB- via a gene chip .
Because they do n't visit their fields often , they rely heavily on relatives and friends . When I decided to farm wheat for the first time this spring on leased land in my childhood village , my mother agreed to supervise plowing , planting , and harvesting .
We were torn between the natural instinct to root for our brothers and the urge to side with the likes of Argentina , Brazil , Italy , Germany , and others who seemed more likely to win .
A senior sports writer with a Kenyan daily paper recently told me that this time women seem to be interested in learning the rules of the game and knowing more about players and their positions .
Our boys may not win in South Africa , but maybe The Grannies can show how it is done .
By 2004 , the constitutional review process had broken down , owing to major disagreements between Kibaki 's camp in the coalition government , and the rest of the country .
Following this failed attempt , Kibaki ordered Attorney General Amos Wako to author his government 's version of a new constitution .
When , after the 2007 election , Kibaki was declared the winner under questionable circumstances , Kenyans ' patience ran out .
Following the end of the Rwandan genocide , the heavy burden of rebuilding a devastated society was borne by the country 's women .
The IMF has been criticized for burdening borrowers with unnecessary and sometimes perverse lending conditions , but its highly qualified staff has not been shy in blowing the whistle when it perceived domestic vulnerabilities in other countries .
Its financial support is limited to a percentage of members ' quotas , which do not reflect their potential borrowing needs .
Some argue that furnishing members with rapid and front-loaded liquidity insurance would encourage irresponsible policies or reckless borrowing . Admittedly , it could help members cope better with volatility and , therefore , be more open to inflows of short-tern capital , but this need not result in bad policies .
The result is that human beings are no longer really a part of nature - the survival of our species no longer depends on our ability to compete in the Darwinian jungle .
Some of these advances are theoretical , allowing us to build computer models of complex systems like continent-wide forests or entire oceans .
Viewing the region as its strategic backyard and a source of energy , China is now expanding its influence .
The millions of consumers exercising their right to choose in the rapidly growing supermarket chains ; the planeloads of business travelers converging on London , Zurich , and Frankfurt daily ; the holiday-makers who , having lost the Crimea , have rediscovered the Mediterranean -- all are part of a Russia beyond Putin 's Russia , one that will grow and develop even when Putin is history .
For all the apparent freshness of Medvedev 's recent pronouncements , including his now famous article `` Go Russia ! '' -- which sounded a clarion call for modernization and liberalism -- he is borrowing massively from Putin 's vocabulary of 2000 .
Russia 's worsening credit rating and the tougher borrowing terms in the international market are forcing Russia to compete harder for capital .
Ever since the Soviet Union broke up 20 years ago , there has been much talk about reintegrating the successor states . Little has come of it , owing mainly to Russia 's reluctance to support the other countries financially .
In the latter 's case , for example , the prospects of closer association with the EU have dimmed recently , owing to the EU 's internal difficulties , as well as to the Ukrainian authorities ' politically-motivated prosecution of former Prime Minister Yuliya Tymoshenko .
In Eastern Europe , Russia is clearly drawing Belarus closer , and is competing with the EU over Ukraine 's future economic orientation .
This is true , but it is only half the story , for it ignores how , at crucial moments in history , free trade has mustered the support of the many winners .
In towns , displays in shop windows illustrated the costs of tariffs to ordinary consumers .
But for now , Dmitriy Rogozin is the only Russian politician who has both genuine prospects of winning and the corresponding , albeit not publicly stated , ambition to do so .
If the next presidential election in Russia were held this year , and if no decision were made to banish him from Russians ' TV screens , there can be little doubt that Dmitriy Rogozin would win .
However , Hong Kong has some distinguishing features , including a very internationally minded and outward-looking government , owing to our close integration into world markets long before globalization became a catchphrase .
Good government is not a competition . It 's not about winning or losing , or whose view or will prevails .
It proved impossible to make Central Asian nomads into productive farmers in a single growing season .
The reasons were many : poor weather , pests , shortages of animal power after peasants slaughtered livestock rather than losing it to the collective , shortages of tractors , the shooting and deportation of the best farmers , and the disruption of sowing and reaping caused by collectivization itself .
`` How can we be expected to build the socialist economy , '' asked a Ukrainian peasant , `` when we are all doomed to hunger ? '' We now know , after 20 years of discussion of Soviet documents , that in 1932 Stalin knowingly transformed the collectivization famine in Ukraine into a deliberate campaign of politically motivated starvation .
In light of all the evidence , I can not accept the Presidential election results in which Robert Mugabe , the sitting president , was declared a winner this month with 56 % of the 3 million votes tallied .
Following the Russian-Georgian war , the West is scared that Russia 's government will use its cash not just for economic purposes , but as an aggressive foreign policy tool .
Overall , the top 25 Russian companies hold $ 59 billion in foreign assets and are the third largest investors in emerging economies , following Hong Kong and Brazil .
When the economy was near collapse during the recent crisis , we thought that the government would recognize the need to push ahead with radical reforms that would eventually lead to a diverse , de-centralized , and fast-growing economy .
Many of these reforms are outlined in the current government 's own `` Long-Term Strategy for 2020 . '' The problem is that -- as with the Gref program in 2000 -- the Strategy is unlikely to be fully implemented , owing to the same old weak incentives .
It is difficult to talk about `` standards '' of corporate governance in Russian state-owned companies , since most do not even have regularly scheduled board meetings , owing to the unpredictability of government officials ' schedules .
Thus , only 18 months before the crisis erupted , the April 2006 GFSR approvingly recorded `` a growing recognition that the dispersion of credit risks to a broader and more diverse group of investors ... has helped make the banking and wider financial system more resilient .
First is Oleksander Moroz 's left-wing bloc . Those who favor the Left should support the Moroz bloc instead of the Communists , who are locked in the blind alley of the past .
I do not claim that the Orange Revolution 's protagonists are paragons , and that the split between Yushchenko and me has not disheartened many of those who stood with us in the streets of Kyiv in the winter of 2004-2005 .
For the battle for Ukraine 's liberty and independence was not decided last winter .
A viable Russia policy for Europe must recognize Europe 's growing dependence on Russian energy resources .
Despite controlling the world 's largest gas reserves , Russia 's state-owned monopoly Gazprom is not producing enough for an economy growing at 6 % a year .
Gazprom 's ambitions for gaining control of pipeline and energy transport infrastructure must be slowed , which requires allowing independent producers to prosper . Indeed , independent producers already account for 20 % of domestic gas sales in Russia .
There is a growing fear in Moscow that the US administration is now looking at Russian companies with similar ties to Iran and its nuclear ambitions .
Indeed , Russia 's Muslim population is the only part of the Russian population that is growing , which means that Muslims will become a bigger and bigger factor in Russian domestic politics in the decades ahead .
I did not agree with Yushchenko 's decision to appoint Yanukovich prime minister following last year 's parliamentary election .
Only by securing the European identity of this entire region , and by anchoring the growing Russo-German relationship in a European context , can the European Union continue on its path of stability and prosperity .
So we were kept in the dark about the radiation leaking from the shattered reactor at Chernobyl -- and blowing in the winds over northern Europe .
The struggle to secure the victory of Viktor Yushchenko , the true winner in last Sunday 's presidential election , as Ukraine 's new president is not one that we sought .
We recognize that an unstable government can swing back to uncompromising intransigence .
This left the regime to choose between using force to quell the growing resistance or cutting its losses .
From now on , the force of ideas , not the force of arms , will win the day .
In renewing our liberties , we will renew our unity .
At that time , food-price increases were attributed to growing global demand for food commodities , a major decline in the value of the US dollar , crop failures in some parts of the world , and biofuels .
There may well have been speculative behavior that contributed to the rapid swing .
In Sweden , the decline in GDP lasted for three years , and the economy was then lifted by a dramatic increase in exports , owing to the sharp depreciation of the krona , with annual industrial output rising by around 10 % on average over two years .
In the second , the decline in the US economy and growing fiscal problems lead to a sharp fall in the dollar .
In recent decades , the fast-growing Asian economies , as well as European Union economies such as Germany and the Nordic countries , have made export-led growth their primary economic strategy .
Coal is the world 's fastest growing fossil fuel , with annual production increasing by 6.4 % since 2004 .
Moreover , the use of wood by Africa 's growing population is causing increasingly rapid deforestation in many countries .
Developing countries have lagged behind in this process , but , with the common threat of global warming , there is now growing pressure to adopt conservation policies .
Back then , Turkey was clearly on the frontline ; today , however , its leaders are assertively pursuing an independent foreign and security policy , and their growing confidence is now testing the Alliance 's cohesion .
Meanwhile , cooperation between NATO and the European Union remains stalled , owing to the dispute with Turkey over divided Cyprus .
Two Energy Futures By 2100 , the world 's energy system will be radically different from today 's . Renewable energy like solar , wind , hydroelectricity , and biofuels will make up a large share of the energy mix , and nuclear energy , too , will have a place .
In the Scramble scenario , nations rush to secure energy resources for themselves , fearing that energy security is a zero-sum game , with clear winners and losers .
A growing number of cars are powered by electricity and hydrogen , while industrial facilities are fitted with technology to capture CO2 and store it underground .
Talk is growing of a change in US defense doctrine to allow for pre-emptive strikes on states that harbor weapons of mass destruction .
2 . showing some understanding for the view of some in the Bush administration that the US should not be bogged down by a continent that is soft , decadent and moralizing .
If Europe conveys the impression that its friendship with America depends on who wins the US presidential elections , it is likely to freeze the transatlantic relationship for years .
According to the Argentine scholar Roberto Bouzas , MERCOSUR is in a critical state of affairs , owing to the inability of its institutions to maintain `` the common objectives which drove its member states to engage in the process of regional integration and the consequent loss of focus and capacity to prioritize underlying political problems .
Meanwhile , Brazil is intent on assuming a regional and global political role that corresponds to its growing economic weight .
This regional stasis may worsen as a result of growing nationalism ; an increase in social divisions within states ; weapons proliferation and an increase in military spending ; and environmental degradation .
With imports still growing strongly and commodity prices beginning to fall as a result of the world slowdown , Argentina 's large trade surplus is disappearing quickly .
Capital is flowing out of the country , and official reserves are slowly being depleted .
Local banks and corporations would never again overborrow , knowing that no safety net would catch them when they fell .
We propose changing the status quo by allowing these countries to take a rotating seat at the G-20 table .
And a flat 2011 performance in some Latin American and Asian equity markets -- following tremendous runs in 2010 -- has taken a bit of sheen off the emerging-market investment fad .
But , while allowing the EFSF to finance buybacks is a step forward , a slew of theoretical and empirical research , generated by developing countries ' efforts to buy back their debt in the 1980 's and 1990 's , has shown that it is far from a cure-all .
`` Economic patriotism , '' the slogan coined by France 's Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin following PepsiCo 's rumored attempt in July 2005 to takeover Danone , perhaps best encapsulates the political imperative .
Put simply , the numbers show a growing gap of interests between these so-called `` champions '' and their national home bases .
The biggest risk is that the growing disconnect between the perception of `` national '' companies and the reality of Europeanization may lead to spectacularly ill-judged policies .
Internal emails reveal that a US legal counselor inside the IDB proposed to the US Treasury Department that , though the loans faced no legitimate technical obstacles , the US could effectively block them by `` slowing '' the process .
Indeed , as the ECFR 's Scorecard shows , a small core of leading countries has been vital for the multilateral approach to issues such as Iranian proliferation -LRB- led by the EU-3 of Germany , Britain , and France -RRB- , and getting international climate-change talks back on track at Cancún , following the debacle at the Copenhagen summit in 2009 .
India also offers important experience in agricultural expansion , clean water management , and confronting the growing threat of climate change .
Antitrust policy started in the US at the end of the nineteenth century with a deep suspicion about large firms , owing to the concentration of power that largeness entails .
This is a compromise aimed at minimizing the incentive to gamble with public insurance while allowing some economies of scale for banking activities .
Alexander Menshikov , Peter the Great 's minister , understood the impossibility of winning the fight against corruption .
The thinking minority needs a system of laws and institutions , real presidential elections , a working parliament , and justice that is independent , rather than merely following orders from above .
The authors also noted that the mechanisms that turn Muslims into potential terrorists are the same as those that make German teenagers susceptible to xenophobic propaganda and right-wing extremism .
When he ousted his first finance minister , Oskar Lafontaine , Germans became optimistic about reform and an economic upswing .
Consider the following proposed new disorders :
Now , with the support of untold legions -- from Nobel Laureates to junior high school kids from East Timor to East Los Angeles -- Wikipedia and Connexions have spread around the globe and today are organic , growing information bases used by hundreds of millions of people .
Here incomes are often considerably more volatile than in richer countries , owing to heavy reliance on a few commodities or industries and hence higher vulnerability to external shocks , including weather-related and other natural disasters .
In contrast , it might be more difficult for a migrant in a distant country to assess the extent to which family members back home , knowing that they can always rely on the remittances , are responsible for other forms of income loss .
It is irrelevant whether Internet regulations that fail to promote competition and protect consumers are passed by governments afraid of freely flowing information or , as in the case of the jailed entrepreneur , in order to protect established companies .
Second , China 's fiscal surplus , growing foreign-exchange reserves , and high savings rate have ensured the financial resources needed to maintain adequate investment and sufficiently rapid growth .
The West will do everything possible to prevent Asians from viewing Westerners as that enemy . In fact , most calls for Asian unity are concerned with uniting Asia with the West -LRB- often equated with the interests of the whole world -RRB- against some part of Asia , whether it be Iraq , Iran , North Korea , or Myanmar .
Mahathir became prime minister in 1981 when the region was on the eve of historic change , following the end of the Vietnam War and Indonesia 's stabilization following the bloody civil strife of the 1960 's .
Anwar 's arrest and trial stunned the country , but Mahathir surprised few Malays -- either allies or opponents -- by restoring his authority so thoroughly following the crisis that he was able to handpick Abdullah Badawi as his successor .
Sri Lanka 's bitter war of terror - one that practically invented the infamy of the suicide bomber - had been showing signs of abating of late .
Even before the current diplomatic controversies , China 's leaders were gleefully drawing attention to how much more effective their stimulus package had been than Obama 's in countering the negative effects of the financial crisis .
And yet , when news broke last month that China had officially replaced Japan as the world 's second-largest economy , instead of crowing about surpassing a longtime rival and having the top spot , held by the US , in its sights , the government issued statements emphasizing that theirs remains a `` poor , developing '' country .
As political scientist Kevin O'Brien has argued , China 's increased readiness to compromise with some domestic protesters , rather than treat all forms of collective action as subversive , can be seen as reflecting a growing sense of security .
Similar plans for Asia and elsewhere remain largely on the drawing board ; but the members of such organizations as the ASEAN Regional Forum , the African Union , and the Shanghai Cooperation Organization at least are talking more and more seriously about harmonizing policies on issues of common interest .
Khanna , for example -- presumably drawing upon the recent writing of Edward Luttwak -- urges Americans to learn from the Byzantine Empire in crafting complex and obscure alliances among large and small states and non-state entities , so that diplomacy comes to resemble something like the global derivatives market .
The American character prefers displacement to destruction , the win-win to the zero-sum .
Their preferred model calls for the UN to provide the funding and most other support for the mission , while allowing the AU to maintain its leadership role .
Many Western governments , however , refuse to place their forces under AU command , owing to its perceived weaknesses , and have conditioned further support for peacekeeping operations in Darfur on the UN 's assuming control .
Russia 's government has also sought to showcase its growing military potential .
Several SCO members are already assisting NATO countries to deliver supplies into Afghanistan , while Russia is allowing the United States to ferry military items across its border into Central Asia and onward to Afghanistan .
Perhaps every country should vote in the UN General Assembly on how to proceed ; the option receiving the most votes -- with a possible mandatory minimum requirement , such as requiring an alternative to win a majority or some higher number of votes -- would prevail .
US policymakers in particular wanted to take advantage of the ongoing surge in NATO combat forces in Afghanistan -- which reached 150,000 in August , of which some two-thirds were American -- to shake Taliban commanders ' conviction that they were winning the war .
Beyond states , the world 's many NGOs are growing fast and multiplying in their influence , but without formal rules to define their role in the international system .
Most worrying is the ever-growing tax burden placed on the rural population .
Unless China commits to greater political openness , allowing the poor and disadvantaged to voice their concerns , represent themselves , and monitor policy implementation , it will continue to be jeopardized by a false and perilous prosperity .
Investigators from the US and Guatemala believe that the two biggest Mexican cartels , the Sinaloa and Gulf gangs , are spreading their tentacles across various departments ; the Gulf cartel 's notorious armed wing , Los Zetas , is held responsible for a spate of massacres in the country in the past year .
After reviewing all relevant pediatric trials , the UK 's Medinces and Heathcare products Regulatory Agency -LRB- MHRA -RRB- advised that the risks outweighed the benefits for all SSRI 's -LRB- except fluoxetine -RRB- , and that these products should not be prescribed as new therapy for patients under 18 years of age with depressive illness .
Drawing support from both the left and the right , Mr. Goncharik has attracted the backing of a wing of the communist party that opposes President Lukashenko as well as of the Belarusian Popular Front , which stands well to the right .
But instead of following Russia 's reform path , Lukashenko worsened matters by reimposing central planning in industry and agriculture .
In the past , Russia winked at suppression of the opposition . Now , as President Putin focuses on rebuilding Russia 's economy , mixed feelings are appearing in Moscow about the antics of their erstwhile ally in Minsk .
Russia , for example , is showing real interest in seeing that effective international monitoring of the September election takes place .
No matter who wins , this election has succeeded in revitalizing a moribund opposition to President Lukashenko .
Reinventing Science Education VANCOUVER -- Despite the growing importance of science in the modern world , science education remains a remote and minor issue for most people .
But little of this attention has been aimed at post-secondary science education , the only level for which there is data showing how to make substantial improvements without enormous costs .
CAMBRIDGE -- Zhou Xiaochuan , the governor of the People 's Bank of China , recently suggested that replacing the dollar with the International Monetary Fund 's Special Drawing Rights as the dominant reserve currency would bring greater stability to the global financial system .
The new equations showed that light is a moving , self-renewing disturbance in electrical and magnetic fields , and they predicted that new kinds of disturbances are possible .
The unified theory of electromagnetism has led to profound advances across all physical science , from atomic physics -LRB- where lasers and masers are essential tools -RRB- to cosmology -LRB- where the microwave background radiation is our window on the Big Bang -RRB- .
But there are growing signs that the rest of the world is gaining ground fast -- building new universities , improving existing ones , competing hard for the best students , and recruiting US-trained PhDs to return home to work in university and industry labs .
At the same time , growing numbers of traditional source countries for students , from South Korea to Saudi Arabia , are trying to improve both the quantity and quality of their own degrees , engaging in a fierce -- and expensive -- race to recruit students and create world-class research universities of their own .
In the years following the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , for example , legitimate security concerns led to enormous student-visa delays and bureaucratic hassles for foreigners aspiring to study in the US .
In these circumstances , continuing to raise borrowing costs would be a mistake .
To be sure , the prolonged rapid increase in Chinese aggregate demand has been fueled by an investment boom , as well as a growing trade surplus .
For over three decades , the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- has been the cornerstone of the world 's non-proliferation regime , a position that derives from growing acknowledgement of the legal and normative standards that it established .
Strengthening the non-proliferation regime in order to confront today 's challenges would require no more than following this strategy .
By getting India into the G-8 and other multilateral institutions , the US can ensure that India 's growing role in the world carries commensurate responsibilities .
Until the recent Asian accident crisis , the poorest workplace safety record in world history belonged to the United States in the fifty years following the American Civil War .
Most importantly , drawing on reforms first implemented in Germany , England , and France , workers ' compensation statutes provided compensation for injured workers and created powerful incentives for employers to reduce accident tolls .
There is no evidence to indicate that Burma 's leaders will respond positively to the Obama administration 's central message , which calls for releasing the estimated 2,100 political prisoners -LRB- including Daw Aung San Suu Kyi -RRB- , engaging in genuine dialogue with the opposition , and allowing fair and inclusive elections .
After all , the movement took shape following the US government 's massive -- and bipartisan -- bailout of Wall Street banks .
A new documentary , `` When Muppets Dream of Peace , '' tracks the harrowing joint production of Sesame Street in Israel and Palestine , with a Jordanian production team brought in to help facilitate .
Rather than focus on creating scenarios that showed Israelis -- even Israeli kids -- in a positive light , they wanted to focus on showing Palestinian culture in a positive light , portraying Palestinian youths as role models , and providing images to kids that offered alternatives to violence .
Meanwhile , New York was growing impatient , letting the Palestinian team know that their segments were late -- and , under what was essentially a military occupation , the Palestinians began to rethink whether this was the right kind of project to which to devote their energies .
But the Cameron government 's approach is more sinister than the old right-wing tactic of taking aim at disciplines that can be derided as effete .
Among healthy young men in the West , who grow up on pornography and sexual imagery on every street corner , reduced libido is a growing epidemic , so it is easy to imagine the power that sexuality can still carry in a more modest culture .
Similarly , the `` 9\/11 Truth Movement '' asserts that al-Qaeda 's attack on the Twin Towers was an `` inside job . ''
And citizen investigators should be trained in basic journalism : finding good data , confirming stories with two independent sources , using quotes responsibly , and eschewing anonymity -- that is , standing by their own bylines , as conventional reporters do .
If you are a woman watching , you feel in your gut that these women wo n't be window dressing .
She did not stay in the air-conditioned hotels and the parliamentary chambers of the nations she visited ; she went to tiny impoverished villages , to places where women walk four miles a day for water , to places where women were basing their families ' prosperity on a $ 20 loan for a sewing machine .
I believe that Obama knows that Hillary realizes that conflict emerges from these problems , and that using military intervention without addressing them is merely the equivalent of throwing a blanket into a volcano .
Its substance should be something like the following :
`` In every major religion , a version of the following question is asked : what does it profit us to gain wealth and power if we lose our moral values ?
Moreover , a key question about the `` good news '' is how much of it should properly be attributed to the windfall of higher oil and natural gas prices -LRB- hence , to factors not under Russia 's control -RRB- , rather than to improved economic policies and reform .
Whether it is coastal versus inland or rural versus urban , these countries must tackle the widening disparities , because high inequality may well threaten their very ability to continue growing as they have .
By doing so , they catalyzed the reformist political movement that resulted in the DPJ , the first credible opposition party that -- unlike the Socialists who engaged in mere ritualistic opposition -- was prepared to win elections and actually govern rather than merely maintain the façade of government that had become the norm under the LDP .
This is true even when current rates can not be lowered any further -- and even if inflation expectations remain unaffected -- owing to the effects of the expected future path of short rates on current long-term interest rates and on the exchange rate .
Moreover , with the number of elderly growing as a result of rising life expectancy , this low birth rate has pushed the share of those aged 65 and above from 4.9 % of the total population to 7.7 % .
According to a recent survey by McKinsey & Company , of the more than three million graduates churned out by China 's universities and colleges every year , less than 10 % are suitable for employment with international companies , owing to their deficiencies in practical training and poor English .
Latin America 's low personal debt levels have created an opportunity to build a constructive culture of borrowing while expanding economic opportunity .
He emphasized the crucial role of housing in allowing low-income individuals to raise capital that can be used for investment in small businesses , in education , or in other projects that can significantly improve standards of living over the medium to long term .
They introduced a safety clause allowing a country to suspend the deficit ceiling in case of serious recession , but they went on to define a serious recession in such a way as to make such a suspension implausible in practice .
Germany 's commitment for 2002 was made in early 2001 when its economy was growing at a reasonable pace .
Knowing that any slippage today will need to be dealt with tomorrow , they exercise their best judgment .
But that alliance is unraveling as Germany 's own status declines , owing to its mediocre economic performance and the loss of its prestigious Deutschemark .
Angela Merkel 's poor showing in Germany 's recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the country 's famously rigid economy .
Reforms are relatively easier in smaller countries , probably because winners and losers are likely to be personally connected to each other as relatives , neighbors , or friends .
Why should n't winners compensate the losers ?
Then consider Poland , where the Kaczynski twins , who hold the presidency and the prime ministership , have allied themselves with populist , xenophobic , and anti-Semitic parties .
Their role is currently codified by a post-1945 law that gives them enormous influence , even though their membership has dwindled to a mere 8 % of employees .
One reason why Sarkozy could succeed where previous governments have never dreamt to venture , aside from his popular mandate for reform , is a `` win-win '' strategy , whereby victory for reform implies substantial compensation .
Beggar-Thy-Neighbor Exchange Rates ? GENEVA -- When the Swiss National Bank -LRB- SNB -RRB- recently brought its interest rate down to 0.25 % , it announced that it would engage in `` quantitative easing , '' following in the footsteps of the United States Federal Reserve and the Bank of England .
Thirdly , between 2000 and 2008 , China increased its wind power generating capacity from 340 MW to 10 GW , hydropower from 79.35 GW to 163 GW , and nuclear power from 2.1 GW to 9.1 GW .
Indeed , the international financial crisis , if handled properly , may also be turned into an opportunity to reach a win-win solution for both climate protection and economic development .
But it is certain that the influence of traditional ideas in Chinese public life is growing .
Access to the Internet , satellite television , and travel is drawing these young Muslims into a community that shares their vision and their rage .
Many Muslims acquiesced in this deviation , viewing the invasion of Iraq as part of the passing of dictatorship and the coming of democracy . But the bloodstained shambles of the US occupation led America to abandon the quest for democracy .
Saudi Arabia is just as eager to contain the Iranian threat and the growing `` Shi'a crescent '' that , with the empowerment of the Shi'a in Iraq , has moved westward to begin to include the Shi'a regions of the Kingdom .
The Shi'a threat to the Saudi government is ideological . Indeed , it goes to the heart of the Saudi state 's authority , owing to the Al Saud royal family 's reliance on Wahhabi Islam to legitimate its rule .
Last year , Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah , worried by Shi'a expansionism , was persuaded by Prince Bandar bin Sultan , the head of his National Security Council , to coordinate policy with Israel to counter Iran 's growing influence .
The Lebanon War One Year Later LONDON &#45; &#45; It is now almost one year since the European Union committed to stabilize Lebanon following last summer 's war .
In effect , the resolution envisaged reversing Hezbollah 's gains and ignores the deep changes that have occurred in Lebanese society , most importantly the Shia community 's growing self-confidence .
But what has really allowed Hezbollah -LRB- and Hamas , for that matter -RRB- to win elections and cement support is their ability to provide education , health , and other social services , particularly to the poor .
The first `` Holy Alliance '' was a creation of Austria 's Prince Metternich following the Napoleonic wars .
But Bush , following the terrorist attacks of 2001 , turned his back on conservatism . He sought to radically reinvent the Middle East , not only by overthrowing the Taliban regime in Afghanistan and Saddam Hussein 's regime in Iraq , but also through his strident calls for democratization .
Moreover , Abdullah understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability-seeking alliance that Metternich built .
A nuclear-armed Iran on its doorstep is certainly not in Russia 's national interest , particularly given the increasing radicalization of Russia 's own 20 million Muslim citizens -- the only part of its population that is actually growing .
Until the beginning of this year , they have not formed significant or open opposition movements , owing to a historically well-entrenched fear of repression .
Sefr al Hawali , a prominent Saudi Wahhabi cleric , warned of the dangers of the `` Shia arc '' following the Shia intifada in Iraq in 1991 .
Whatever the case , the region 's populations are growing restless , and the gap between rulers and ruled is widening .
Frozen states appear more stable in the short term , as oil revenues still buys subservience and submission of most of the subjects , but stability coincides with the possibility of increasing violence and civil unrest , owing to widespread grievances over sectarian rule .
The frightening state in the region is the United States , which , following the terrorist attacks of September 2001 , was anxious to bring about democratic regime change -- a failed policy that now appears to have left the US unable to leave .
Oil is not a reliable deterrent to democracy in the long term , owing to price volatility and the development of alternative energy sources .
Following the turbulence and violence of Iran 's presidential elections in June , the question of democracy has moved to the forefront for the region 's states and populations .
In Iran , an indigenous movement is pushing for reform , and the country 's brand of Islam , which on the surface seems the most implacable , has the potential to become more moderate and more democratic , owing in part to the Shi'a tradition of ijtihad , religious debate or innovation .
This has increased demands for social and political rights and greater economic opportunity , placing authoritarian rule under growing strain .
Following that failed attack , US President Barack Obama and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown jointly pushed a conference in London to propose solutions for the previously overlooked crises in Yemen .
In October 2008 , the Kingdom held mediation talks between the Taliban and the Afghan government following Karzai 's request to King Abdullah , whom Karzai describes as `` the leader of the Muslim world . ''
The Saudis continued such programs after the terror attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and even after they discovered that `` the Call '' is uncontrollable , owing to the technologies of globalization .
Saudi jihadis were at the heart of the mayhem that killed hundreds of thousands in the years immediately following the 2003 US-led invasion .
Iraq has attempted to forge a political role for itself within the Arab world by participating in Arab summits , but when its turn came to play host , the summit was postponed for a year , owing partly to the Arab spring , but also to some Gulf countries ' refusal to participate in a meeting held in Baghdad .
From the moment the Twin Towers fell in New York , the US sought to define for the world how to view the terrorist attack .
But , despite heightened vigilance , domestic Saudi terror cells became active within the Kingdom following the US-led invasion of Iraq in 2003 .
The following year , Osama bin Laden described the ruling al-Saud family 's control of oil revenues as `` the biggest theft in history . ''
Following American requests , references to the concept were removed from textbooks in 2004 .
Another failure was the Kingdom 's effort to win over the hearts and minds of captured terrorists .
After all , Sultan 's half-brother , King Abdullah , 87 , is still hospitalized in Riyadh , following a major operation last month .
The Internet has opened a window on all of the royal family 's plots , ambitions , and double-dealings .
So the Saudi regime is divided , its legitimacy is questioned , and sectarian tensions are growing .
He observed that the Korean temperament is a product of long , harsh Siberian winters and hot , humid summers , with only short springs and autumns .
As a result , growing inter-Korean hostility may ultimately prove far more lethal to the well-being of all Koreans than Roh Moo-hyun 's tragic suicide and Kim Jong-il 's futile fireworks .
To put it bluntly , violating that fledgling trust will break the back of Russia 's economic upswing .
The growing calls of some state officials to deal with economic crime are viewed by the business community as both a mockery of the legal code and a veiled threat that the prosecutors want their cut of Russia 's riches .
In fact , only businesspeople may now be able to influence events : a sharp and pronounced slowdown , with Russian capital showing its displeasure by voting with its feet , might be the last hope for turning the prosecutors from their chosen course .
Putinism in Crisis MOSCOW -- `` Owing to the harsh economic situation , it was decided to cut off the light at the end of the tunnel as a temporary measure . ''
The first , following the collapse of the USSR , was almost cataclysmic -- nothing in the shops , the country in bankruptcy , all savings lost .
But Russia 's budget for 2010 is still headed for a serious deficit , owing to high spending .
Zionism aimed at renewing and deepening an old identity .
The first is the growing shift in the Middle East , and elsewhere , from rejection of Israel 's legitimacy to rejection of Zionism 's legitimacy .
The second is the growing tendency among Palestinians , other Arabs , and many Europeans to prefer a bi-national Israeli-Palestinian state to the original two-state solution .
Second , a generous -LRB- and , with time , growing -RRB- quota should be set for Palestinian laborers to work in Israel -- indeed , they must be allowed to work in the very agricultural centers around Gaza which were the most affected by the rocket attacks .
Following the Six-Day War , Israel did not consider the conquered lands as something to be traded for peace , and thus induce the Arab world and the Palestinians to recognize its legitimacy and ensure the demilitarization of Palestinian territories after their restitution .
Indeed , the decades following it have been rife with bloody conflicts in which entire population groups have been murdered .
So , even before the recent reports of North Korean leader Kim Jong-il 's health problems , North Korea was already a country marked by growing uncertainty .
Thus , some type of power struggle , rather like what occurred in the Soviet Union following Stalin 's death , may invariably follow a brief period of collective rule .
This reflects a hardening of South Korean public opinion , following North Korea 's nuclear test in 2006 .
But in April and May 2009 , they threw diplomatic caution to the wind , launching a long-range rocket -LRB- as well as various missiles -RRB- and conducting a second nuclear test -- all in the space of several weeks .
There are also hints that a reshuffling of important positions within the Party will take place , allowing the presumed heir to form a new power base .
The regime is under growing pressure from those at the bottom of North Korean society , and recognizes its own inability to handle the situation .
In fact , following the recent currency fiasco , North Korean leaders may have become more open to economic reform than ever before .
On the contrary , it may be impossible to win North Korea 's assent to denuclearization in the absence of far-reaching domestic change .
Thirty years after the Reagan-Thatcher revolution , the ideological pendulum has begun to swing in the opposite direction .
In addition , the institutions created in the days following WWII no longer seem effective enough to meet the new challenges of the global economy , and thus have lost some of their legitimacy .
If G-20 leaders can reach specific and effective agreements on exchange rates and global imbalances without overshadowing other issues , the prospects for a soft-landing for the global economy will improve greatly .
Economic interdependence in East Asia gained momentum following the Asian financial crisis of 1997-1998 .
Such political goodwill is essential for regional stability , particularly given the deterioration in Sino-Japanese relations following last year 's confrontation over the arrest of a Chinese fisherman by Japan 's coast guard .
In 2005 , President Bashar Assad 's regime was forced to withdraw its army from Lebanon , following the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafiq Hariri .
China 's Bad Debtor BEIJING -- Before the global financial crisis hit , critics of China 's economic imbalances -- its twin fiscal and trade surpluses -- mainly concentrated on the misallocation of resources that occurs when poor countries borrow from rich countries at high interest rates and lend the money to them at low interest rates .
For example , the US government should offer more financial instruments like Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities -LRB- TIPS -RRB- , thereby allowing China to convert some of its holdings of US government securities into similar but safer assets .
Furthermore , China should be allowed to convert part of its foreign-exchange reserves into assets denominated in the International Monetary Fund 's special drawing rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- .
For the US , the fundamental cause of imbalances is not a strong dollar , but America 's over-consumption and over-borrowing .
China 's strong fiscal position today gives it a window of opportunity .
But that window will close fast , because beneficiaries of specific reform policies have morphed into vested interests , which are fighting hard to protect what they have .
And , according to Sentance , it could stay above that target for the BOE 's two-year medium-term forecast window .
Theoretically , sterling could stay at the current rate of about $ 1.60 and improve the trade position if the increased volume of cheaper exports outweighed the value of more expensive imports -- the so-called J-curve effect . In that case , the trade balance would improve over time , following an initial deterioration .
With the economy growing by only 1.5 % last year and unemployment at 7.8 % -LRB- not far off a 17-year high -RRB- , there should be idle factors of production ready to be put to work .
· financial resources keep flowing to Africa and the developing world so they continue integrating into the global economy ;
Denmark is a pioneer in commercial wind power and produces half of the world 's wind turbines .
At the same time , we must face the facts : fossil fuels will not last forever , and some supplies may dwindle soon .
But , following the US-led invasion in 2003 , southern Iraq was opened to forces known as Propagation of Virtue and Prevention of Vice -LRB- PVPV -RRB- -- militant gangs and individuals committed to archaic Islamic rule and suppression of women 's rights .
In the day following its original report , the Daily Graphic went further in showing its revulsion over gay activities by publishing a lead editorial that blamed Europeans and Americans for `` all the reported cases of homosexuality '' in Ghana .
Its economy is growing . Ethnic relations in this highly diverse nation are as good as they are anywhere in the world .
Obama is n't likely to say whether he 'll scale back the US military role in the region , or whether America 's growing reliance on African oil is the real reason -- not Obama 's heritage -- for wooing Africans .
Farmers , for example , might choose crops and growing patterns based on knowledge from earth observations .
Africans can start winning only if they move faster .
Now they are showing a new respect for tillers of the land , realizing that the fastest way out of extreme poverty for ordinary people is to increase both farm output and crop prices .
Africa boasts the world 's fastest-growing market for wireless telephony , and Huawei -- with offices in 14 African countries -- is running away with the business , sending scores of engineers into the bush to bring a new generation of low-cost technology to some of the planet 's poorest people .
Its robust agricultural sector is a massive exporter of food , benefiting from the growing appetites of consumers in developing countries .
In the Japanese case , only wind and the lack of a land border prevented a major impact on neighboring countries .
French reluctance to subject its nuclear plants to European regulation determined by its nuclear-skeptical neighbors is comparable to British efforts to prevent major European harmonization of financial-market rules , owing to the importance of its financial sector .
But a growing body of research concludes that greed is not always good , and that moral values are a necessary element in the conduct of business .
Pick the right winners .
Even the most obvious choices for IP support , seemingly sure winners , will sometimes disappoint in today 's uncertain economic environment .
But , owing to China 's skewed economic structure , its exchange-rate regime presents much more challenging problems than those encountered by Japan and other East Asian economies .
In fact , even as China 's economy has boomed over the past decade , structural adjustment in its domestic sectors slowed , mainly owing to political constraints .
Billions of dollars are flowing into auto , steel , chemical , and high-tech electronics plants , setting the stage for China to be a major exporter of high-end products .
This may explain the growing efforts of Chinese businesses in recent years to go global themselves .
Focusing squarely on structural reforms would allay some of the fears that China 's rise has inspired in the rest of the world , while winning praise from the international business community .
Owing to historical factors and opportunities , financial transactions were concentrated in cities that were traditionally closely linked to the rise of European and American capitalism .
But what counts nowadays is not where financial transactions physically take place , but rather the growing importance and globalization of finance in the operation of the world economy .
But in 2003 , following five years of deflation , China 's economy entered a new phase .
Nevertheless , by the end of October , M2 money supply had increased by 18.4 % -- growing by 1.3 % faster year on year , and exceeding the 16 % target .
Likewise , increasing pressure from growing labor costs will force enterprises to lower their profit expectations and cut costs , negatively affecting output growth and employment in the short run .
With export performance also set to slow , owing to the economic downturn in the United States , employment and growth could be weakened further , which implies mounting pressure on China 's government -- and thus on the fiscal deficit , creating another source of inflationary pressure .
The clinical implications of the failure to recognize bipolar disorder in depressed patients include the under-prescription of mood-stabilizing medications , and an increased risk of rapid `` cycling '' -- swings between manic and depressive phases .
But the data were not made available , because the interested parties were -LRB- and remain -RRB- afraid to share it , knowing full well what would be revealed .
The procedures to trigger this intervention , however , are complex and the funding is sufficiently opaque that the bill will not eliminate collateral damage from a large bank failure even for US institutions , let alone for international ones , whose unwinding would require coordination by several states , with varying degree of solvency .
Europe is following a similar path .
This increase is aimed at protecting the poorest and most vulnerable from harm , supporting countries that face borrowing problems because of broken credit markets , and helping to sustain investments upon which recovery and long-term development will depend .
