A proposal in the US Senate to increase development and education aid to Pakistan could help in winning the hearts and minds .
The army appears to be winning this time around , in marked contrast to its recent half-hearted confrontations with Taliban forces in neighboring tribal areas .
Here again , winning the battle for deregulation requires convincing consumers that they stand to benefit .
Even if the AKP can rely on the allegiance of millions of voters and swarms of new members anxious to join the winning side , the secularists are deeply entrenched in Turkey 's institutions , universities , media , and business .
He bolstered his image considerably after winning the 1994 election by tightening government finances and eliminating a huge fiscal deficit .
But he has done nothing remarkable since winning again in 1998 .
They are presumed to be on the verge of winning an overwhelming majority in the parliamentary elections due on December 7 , yet like Korzhakov and his clique , they could be routed .
The discredited election results suggested that the country is geographically and ethnically divided , with the democratic opposition candidate Yushchenko winning overwhelmingly in seventeen western and central regions , while Yanukovich dominated in ten eastern and southern regions .
The paradox is that America might be winning the war for Arab democracy , even if by default , but can not reap the benefits , simply because the emerging pattern of Islamic pluralistic politics does not coincide with the West 's brand of secular liberal democracy .
As it happened , we wiped the floor with them , winning by an unprecedented margin of 80 % to 20 % .
In challenging groups like Al Qaeda , they must understand that they are engaged in a war of ideas ; winning the hearts - and the lifestyles - of societies is the only way to win that battle .
Finally , a third lesson -- relevant to the fight against the death penalty and , indeed , to winning any political battle -- is perseverance , which I consider to be a mix of pig-headedness and the ability to maintain one 's position .
STANFORD -- Canada 's Prime Minister Stephen Harper , by winning an outright majority of seats in his country 's parliament for the first time since assuming office , continues a remarkable series of national election victories , backed by voters demanding at least a pause , and perhaps some reversal , of the growth of the welfare state .
In 2007 , arguing that it was their turn to choose a chief executive , they bitterly opposed a bid by then-President Olusegun Obasanjo , a southerner and a Christian , to rewrite Nigeria 's constitution in hopes of winning a third term .
Given that Yushchenko has almost no chance of winning the next presidential election , Tymoshenko has made him a generous offer .
As a common sports adage puts it : never change a winning game , but always change a losing one .
In the Palestinian case , after winning an election victory and making a deal with Fatah for a coalition government , Hamas turned on its nationalist rivals and drove them out of Gaza by force .
Governing , however , will not be easier than winning office .
The strategy may work over the short term in winning export orders for British firms from India .
Amartya Sen , the Nobel Prize-winning economist , has pointed out that great Indian rulers , such as Ashoka -LRB- third century BC -RRB- and Akbar -LRB- sixteenth century -RRB- , advocated pluralism , tolerance , and reason long before the European Enlightenment .
Contrary to what the Nobel Prize-winning author José Saramago once said , the Israeli army 's attacks in Gaza are not comparable in any way to Auschwitz .
But does that mean that should we give up on democracy if Islamist parties have a chance of winning elections ?
Still , winning is better than losing , and Mexico is better off today than it was yesterday , when many thought the left-of-center populist contender , Andrés Manuel López Obrador , would receive a thumping endorsement from the electorate .
The retrograde left today can realize Che Guevara 's old dream : not `` one , two , many Vietnams , '' but `` one , two , many Venezuelas , '' winning power by the ballot and then conserving and concentrating it through constitutional changes and the creation of armed militias and monolithic parties .
He may be right , but the alternative is no military makeover , and no likelihood of winning a war that perhaps should not have been declared in the first place .
For outgoing President Luis Inácio Lula da Silva 's hand-picked successor , Dilma Rousseff , is very close to winning an outright majority of the vote .
This persistence is best reflected in the role that Nobel Prize-winning novelist Mario Vargas Llosa plays in his native Peru .
But despite Ortega 's anachronistic politics , he has a good chance of winning the election in November 2006 .
If Alemán blocks Montealegre 's candidacy in the PLC and pushes him to form another political party , Ortega 's chances for winning the presidency increase sharply .
So , trying to parse their positions to make a case for one over another is harder to do than guessing who will end up winning the World Cup .
In China , the government is not elected , so winning more votes is not part of the calculation , and returning money to the people is never the choice .
Similarly , a higher electoral threshold for winning seats should counter vote buying by candidates .
Few American Presidents have been supported by much more than 10 % of eligible voters : half of the US 's eligible voters , indeed , are not even registered to vote ; of those who are registered , half do not vote ; of those who do vote , less than half vote for the winning candidate .
Nevertheless , one must wonder about a winning movement with quite a few elected members in Israeli prisons and others who are not likely to get permission to enter the country in which they were elected , so that the new parliament can not function properly .
Moreover , by winning 38.5 % of a turnout of 80 % , Schröder could claim the support of one-third of the electorate , whereas Blair was elected by a mere quarter -LRB- 40 % of a turnout of 60 % -RRB- .
By translating relative electoral majorities into absolute parliamentary majorities , it enables winning parties to govern rather than enter into permanent negotiations with coalition partners and scramble constantly for parliamentary majorities .
In the Eastern Province , a good start has been made , with former terrorists now winning through the ballot box and not the bullet .
The charismatic and workaholic President Uribe was allowed -- for the first time in Colombia 's modern history -- to stand for a second four-year term as an incumbent , winning outright in the first round with an absolute majority of 62 % of the popular vote .
After 40 years of bloody internal conflict , this proved a winning strategy .
After winning a bilingual education system in the late 1980 's and securing land titles for many peasants in 1992 , CONAIE expanded its agenda .
The refrain of his winning song , `` Together : 1992 , '' was `` Unite , unite Europe . ''
And yet , despite winning the addition of a special protocol to the Nice Treaty that guarantees Ireland 's cherished neutrality , Yes supporters face an uphill battle .
Machinery to China and everywhere in the world ; Porsches , Mercedes , and BMWs to the US -- that was Germany 's winning formula in this period .
Even in a number of European countries with old democratic traditions , a wave of populist , radical political parties opposed to minorities and immigrants has achieved success , sometimes even winning elections .
Polarization may have proved functional to winning an election , but Humala will have to broaden his support in order to forge the consensus he needs in order to govern .
A final parallel is that the winning campaigns in all three votes were catalyzed by populist appeals against an entrenched elite and , less explicitly but unmistakably , against foreign intrusion or influence .
That view was embraced by the Obama administration , leading to some embarrassment this summer for new Energy Secretary Steven Chu , a Nobel Prize-winning physicist .
That same month , a lottery scandal threw the BMW brand into the limelight once again . Lottery officials in Shaanxi province rejected a winning ticket , calling it a fake and denying its bearer , a 17-year-old security guard named Liu Liang , the grand prize of a $ 58,000 BMW and 120,000 yuan -LRB- $ 14,510 -RRB- in cash .
The younger Party leaders are also more impatient when it comes to a timeframe for winning back Taiwan .
Is there anyone on earth who does not know that a guerilla war can not be won without winning the `` hearts and minds '' of the people ?
In his pro-imperial Russia film `` The Barber of Siberia , '' the Oscar-winning director Nikita Mikhalkov -- whose father composed the Stalin-era national anthem that Putin recently revived -- used the coronation of Alexander III as the symbolic centerpiece of Russia 's greatness , inviting Russian leaders to walk in his footsteps .
Because a mere 137 votes can get a town council member elected , a large number of foreigners with a particular interest in moving onto the island could nominate a winning candidate .
By winning election on a clear anti-violence and pro-rule of law platform , Abbas has the mandate and the responsibility to carry out this policy .
Commission after commission , expert after Nobel prize-winning expert , gave DDT a clean bill of health .
Perhaps more importantly , were Uribe to step down after his current term , he would still wield considerable proxy power at home , playing an integral role in choosing his successor -- whoever he backs stands a very good chance of winning -- and boosting his political supporters ' prospects in legislative elections .
Gore told the world in his Academy Award-winning movie -LRB- recently labeled `` one-sided '' and containing `` scientific errors '' by a British judge -RRB- to expect 20-foot sea-level rises over this century .
This is simply incorrect : the IPCC 's Nobel Peace Prize-winning scientists are `` policy neutral . ''
In 2006 , the Nobel Prize-winning German author Günter Grass 's disclosed that , 60 years earlier , he was , as a teenager , a member of the Waffen-SS . Similarly , a few years ago , the world was shocked to learn that famous Italian writer Ignazio Silone had , in his youth , collaborated with the fascist police .
But , as the rising tide of tax evasion suggests , these mechanisms amount only to a cat game of and mouse problem -- and the mice , it seems , are winning .
Sun 's core belief is that the `` ultimate excellence lies not in winning every battle but in defeating the enemy without ever fighting . ''
China is winning goodwill across the continent by tapping into shared anti-colonial resentments -- and by treating the continent seriously .
But when it comes to offense , or most important missions - building democracy , promoting a political transformation agenda , and winning the hearts and minds of millions of ordinary people in the region - remain buried deep in bureaucracy , deprived of the necessary leadership , attention , and resources .
Poorer or smaller countries can hardly dream of winning a European championship , as Steaua -LRB- Romania -RRB- , Red Star -LRB- Serbia -RRB- , or Nottingham Forest -LRB- now languishing in the English third division -RRB- once did .
The average winning margin among the top eight World Cup national teams has steadily decreased , from more than two goals in the 1950 's , to about 1.5 goals in the 1960 's , 1970 's and 1980 's , and only 0.88 goals in the 2002 World Cup .
The decrease in winning margins is all the more impressive because the World Cup has grown from 16 to 32 national teams -- many of them new and rather inexperienced .
Royal may have presented herself as a `` post-modern '' politician , but it is a `` classical '' politician who seems to be winning .
His strategy to attract the electorates of Jean Marie Le Pen 's extreme right , proved to be a winning one .
It became obvious that we were winning in many constituencies and that we had won in Addis Ababa , as well as in most of the major cities and the rural areas .
Of course , the Sunnis comprise a minority in Iraq , so insurgents have little prospect of `` winning '' control of the country the way North Vietnam was able to win control of South Vietnam .
Now Rumsfeld finally realizes the importance of winning hearts and minds , but , as The Economist put it , `` a good part of his speech was focused on how with slicker PR America could win the propaganda war . ''
For example , the current struggle against transnational terrorism is a struggle over winning hearts and minds , and over-reliance on hard power alone is not the path to success .
A key lesson of 9\/11 is that hard military power is essential in countering terrorism by the likes of Bin Laden , but that the soft power of ideas and legitimacy is essential for winning the hearts and minds of the mainstream Muslim populations from whom Al Qaeda would like to recruit .
The chairman of the party at the time , running the winning campaign , was me .
At the local level , Conservatives and Liberals tend to be at daggers drawn . This is partly because Liberals have usually thrived by winning seats from Conservatives when Conservative administrations are unpopular .
Young Caucasians , perceiving themselves as a winning side in the Northern Caucasus , behave in increasingly provocative and aggressive ways on the streets of Russian cities .
The day after Medvedev 's departure from Vladikavkaz , terrorists blew up the ski lifts at the resort in Nalchik , not far from Sochi , where , for Russia , much more than winning medals will be at stake in 2014 .
The Pheu Thai party , led by Yingluck Shinawatra , the youngest sister of exiled fugitive former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , secured a resounding triumph , winning 265 seats in the 500-member assembly , while the ruling Democrat Party mustered just 159 .
President George H.W. Bush is widely believed to have lost his re-election bid , despite winning a popular war in Iraq , because he seemed out of touch with public hardship following the 1991 recession .
With Nobel prize-winning economists on both sides of the current debate about how to solve the unemployment problem , the public is rightly confused .
Nor was it a fluke : Egypt is consistently the most successful national team in the Africa Cup tournament , winning it five times previously .
While these worries hardly amount to the full frontal attack mounted by the likes of Joseph Stiglitz , the Nobel-prize winning economist , they still constitute a remarkable turnaround in the intellectual climate .
ISTANBUL -- `` Turkish democracy is at a turning point , '' Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdo?an announced after winning a crucial vote in a referendum to change Turkey 's constitution .
This is where the clearinghouse protects AIG , whose winning contract with BofA nets out against Bear 's losing contract with BofA .
Some countries -- Chile , Columbia , and Costa Rica , for example -- remain committed to progressive growth-oriented and democratic regimes . But over the past year , allies of Chávez have come to power in countries like Ecuador and Bolivia , and just missed winning in a few others .
People have enjoyed such huge capital gains over the past decade that most feel like gamblers on a long winning streak .
Deep Blue shocked the champion , winning the match 3.5 to 2.5 .
And , as the Oscar-winning documentary Inside Job rightly points out , no one whose other , less useful innovations helped cause the financial crisis -- politicians , financiers , and many others -- has really paid a price .
Fighting religious fascism means winning back minds and hearts .
Understanding the Arab Military Mind A key aspect of winning any war is to define the goals .
Politicians , in general , are experts at winning votes or building alliances , rather than at understanding the underlying global processes of climate , energy , disease , and food production that affect all of our planet 's inhabitants .
An insight of Nobel Prize-winning game theorist Tom Schelling is especially useful in this context .
The Nobel Prize-winning global scientific process called the Inter-Governmental Panel on Climate Change -LRB- IPCC -RRB- has set the gold standard for scientific rigor in analyzing the threats of human-induced climate change .
Unless we break the ugly trends of big money in politics and rampant consumerism , we risk winning economic productivity at the price of our humanity .
Evo Morales , the leader of the coca growers ' federation , came within a whisker of winning the presidency , helped by the US ambassador 's warning that his election would be seen as hostile to America .
Fromkin shows that the assassination of Ferdinand merely provided Germany an excuse to fight a European War while it still had , according to its calculations , a chance of winning .
Oscar Arias is winning in Costa Rica .
So why not stick to a winning formula where energy is concerned ?
Politicians who come to power by winning a free and fair election are accountable primarily to voters .
Nevertheless , at a time when finance is under a cloud , the party that defends the freedom of the financial gamblers over the freedom of the individual is winning favor with the electorate like no other .
This is because charging someone with racism and xenophobia is more complicated and the process more drawn out than winning a conviction for simple thuggery .
Fortunately , once in office , the Eisenhower administration had the sense to stick with containment in Europe , continuing a policy that is widely credited for winning the Cold War .
After winning the presidency , Chen could have risen above theatrics by focusing on two Taiwanese strengths : its economy and its unbroken humanist Chinese cultural tradition .
By winning so decisively , Putin has legitimately made himself responsible for everything .
The declaration clearly stipulates that an incumbent government 's refusal to relinquish power to the winning party after free , fair , and regular elections is unconstitutional .
The first danger is that politicians will spend the surpluses on vote-winning social programs .
So these models can not explain a situation in which everyone , or almost everyone , is losing -- or , for that matter , winning -- at the same time .
He resigned only after winning election to parliament .
Nobel prize-winning economist Paul Krugman , who berates the Fed for not opening the monetary sluice far wider , showed the follies of the crude Keynesian approach nearly a decade ago .
Before the green revolution , Nobel Prize-winning economist Gunnar Myrdal predicted a bleak future for an Asia mired in poverty .
Indeed , so dismal were its prospects as it approached independence from Britain , which came in 1968 , that the Nobel Prize-winning economist James Meade wrote in 1961 : `` It is going to be a great achievement if -LRB- the country -RRB- can find productive employment for its population without a serious reduction in the existing standard of living ... -LRB- T -RRB- he outlook for peaceful development is weak . ''
In Afghanistan and Iraq , the US and its allies knew that long-term victory required winning hearts and minds .
Brazil 's victory in the World Cup may have no connection with these reforms , but the creativity of that winning team does say a great deal about the spirit of the country .
The Nobel Prize-winning economist Amartya Sen has emphasized that most famines are associated not with a shortage of food , but the failure to get food to the people who need it , largely because they lack purchasing power .
Just as Malaysia was gaining its independence , the Nobel Prize winning economist Gunnar Myrdal wrote an influential book called Asian Drama , in which he predicted a bleak future for the region .
The growing need for measures to correct global imbalances was met with disbelief by influential policymakers and market analysts alike : `` Why change a winning formula ? ''
The one gold medal we had become used to winning since the 1920 's , in field hockey , has proved elusive in recent Games , as our players have stumbled on Astroturf .
This year , the country 's attention has been riveted by the surprise Oscar winning best picture , Slumdog Millionaire -- set in India , with Indian characters , Indian actors and Indian themes -- which was nominated in ten categories .
But India 's greatest prospects for winning admiration in the twenty-first century may lie not in what it does , but simply in what it is .
But that is precisely what happens when governments believe that economic salvation lies in winning a growing share of export markets .
But for now , Dmitriy Rogozin is the only Russian politician who has both genuine prospects of winning and the corresponding , albeit not publicly stated , ambition to do so .
Good government is not a competition . It 's not about winning or losing , or whose view or will prevails .
Alexander Menshikov , Peter the Great 's minister , understood the impossibility of winning the fight against corruption .
US policymakers in particular wanted to take advantage of the ongoing surge in NATO combat forces in Afghanistan -- which reached 150,000 in August , of which some two-thirds were American -- to shake Taliban commanders ' conviction that they were winning the war .
Africans can start winning only if they move faster .
Focusing squarely on structural reforms would allay some of the fears that China 's rise has inspired in the rest of the world , while winning praise from the international business community .
