Even if President Bush wins reelection , it is highly unlikely that the US will make another outright grant to a sovereign Iraq .
Lessons from the Kaczy?ski 's Poland The defeat of the Kaczy?ski twins ' Law and Justice Party -LRB- PiS -RRB- in Poland brought sighs of relief across Europe .
Interestingly , all the available measures of actual corruption were already declining before the Kaczy?ski twins were elected .
If she wins , it will be the result of her seriousness and tenacity , not her political heritage .
It is no longer about message or content - it is just one more form of entertainment , and what matters is who wins and who loses .
No one much minds any more when Germany wins , as it so often does . The Germans are now much too nice for that .
Both destroyed the Weimar Republic , acting as a kind of evil twins who hated each other , yet shared a common hatred of Christianity and democracy .
But whoever wins will need new ideas and initiatives to reinvigorate a dormant institution .
Which candidate is best for Latin America ? Does it make any difference if Barak Obama or Hillary Clinton is the Democratic nominee and does it matter if one of them or the Republican John McCain wins in November ?
Whichever candidate wins Sri Lanka 's presidential election on January 26 will have to lead that small but strategically located island-nation in a fundamentally different direction -- from making war , as it has done for more than a quarter-century , to making peace through ethnic reconciliation and power sharing .
Whichever `` hero '' wins , however , building enduring peace and stability in war-scarred Sri Lanka requires a genuine process of national reconciliation and healing .
The quick-tempered twins took issue with the reform treaty 's proposed voting system for the Council of Ministers , and then stole the limelight from papacy with their own homophobic declarations , proclamations that seem to exclude any possibility of integrating the EU 's Charter of Rights into Poland 's domestic law .
Despite having remarkably similar genes at birth , identical twins do not develop the same cancers .
There are experimental designs , using twins , that can find out the extent to which intelligence and mortality are linked because they share environmental and genetic influences .
Among the most informative exercises we can undertake in cognitive epidemiology is to obtain a large group of twins on whom there is data on early-life intelligence and who were tracked for a long time to find out who had died .
We have n't yet come across a large enough group of twins with such data .
Unfortunately , whoever wins the election - Schroeder or Stoiber - will be helpless in the medium term to address the problem .
There should be an open competition , in which the best candidate wins on the basis of his or her ideas .
It will , of course , be important who wins the presidency : a candidate expected to continue Bush 's foreign policy or someone ready for a new beginning .
Moreover , regardless of who wins the presidential runoff , fears about Ukraine 's independence will not , in contrast to 2004\/2005 , be an issue . This too , is a step forward that should not be underestimated .
Reviving Europe 's Universities COPENHAGEN &#45; &#45; Writing at home sometime ago , with Wimbledon on TV in the background , it occurred to me that just as Britain hosts the world 's top tennis tournament but never wins it , so we Europeans are in a similar situation with education .
In terms of Chile 's major policies , however , continuity is almost certain to prevail , even if Enríquez-Ominami wins .
In either of the most probable scenarios , continuity or prudent change , or even if the `` outsider '' candidate wins , Chile will in all likelihood remain a beacon of democratic stability , economic dynamism , and international engagement in a region too often characterized by political and economic turbulence .
No matter who wins this November , it is clear that Iraq will not dominate US foreign policy in the years ahead to anything near the degree that it has in recent years .
Regardless of who wins the elections , there will be temptations to tinker with the constitutional text .
Iran 's Republic of Fear WASHINGTON , DC -- Iran 's clerical regime governs by a simple formula : he who is the most frightening , wins .
Because the Orange Revolution in 2004 turned out to be a seeming unending series of disappointments , most Western leaders are acting as if it makes no difference whether Prime Minister Yuliya Tymoshenko or her rival , Viktor Yanukovich , wins on February 7 .
Europe , in fact , might be on the verge of a major political re-alignment if the French vote No and Tony Blair wins big in the forthcoming UK election .
The Kaczynskis want to destroy the `` corrupt system composed of careerist politicians , post-communists , former secret service functionaries , and criminal organizations , '' who , according to the twins , have ruled Poland since 1989 .
How far will the twins push their idea ?
In that case , life with the twins could become more interesting than Poland needs .
However , spending on infrastructure wins more public support and creates fewer protests .
For example , in Argentina , Costa Rica , and Mexico -LRB- where a closed list , placement mandates , and strict compliance are in force -RRB- , there is an assurance that if a party wins three seats in a district , a women will occupy at least one of the seats .
Extending an olive branch to Russia will have little or no voter appeal in most EU countries , and Putin 's efforts to retain power de facto if not de jure after Medvedev wins his likely victory next March are certain to make matters worse .
This leadership will be needed , because , regardless of who wins the US presidential election , the next American administration is bound to ask for greater EU participation in addressing international conflicts .
But , it is important that the government make a determined start by picking some `` quick wins '' to gain credibility with Brazilians and global markets alike .
The Return of Franco-German Leadership PARIS -- Whoever wins September 's parliamentary election in Germany , the time has come once again for a major Franco-German initiative .
As for Poland , although the bumbling Kaczynski `` twins '' have been removed from power , the country 's fixation on security in its immediate neighborhood is incompatible with true European leadership .
The defeat of the Democrats in the mid-term elections in 1994 , followed by the Monica Lewinsky affair , hampered the effectiveness of one of America 's most energetic and gifted Presidents .
Whereas the world of traditional power politics is typically defined by whose military or economy wins , politics in an information age is about whose story wins .
Jihadi extremism can not be defeated unless the mainstream wins .
Thus far , no leadership gene has been identified , and studies of identical and fraternal male twins find that only a third of their difference in occupying formal leadership roles can be explained by genetic factors .
The weaker adversary wins by leveraging the power of the stronger against itself .
In today 's information age , politics is also about whose `` story '' wins .
It is like jiu jitsu : the weaker adversary wins by leveraging the power of the stronger against itself .
Whoever wins , the results will echo across Latin America .
As a result , whoever wins the election will have an awful job cutting the country 's budget deficit -- 12 % of GDP -- and setting the economy back on the road to sustainable recovery .
Whichever man wins will face Bolivia 's seemingly intractable pair of ills : social-exclusion and poverty .
The military can choose to uphold the elected government , regardless of which party wins , or prevent the eventual triumph of the opposition Mesa de Unidad .
No one wins .
Consider the extent to which capital -- that is , shareholders -- rules in large businesses : if a conflict arises between capital 's goals and those of managers , who wins ?
When the bank wins on a derivatives trade , the clearinghouse pays the bank ; when the bank loses , it pays the clearinghouse .
Equally problematic is the fact that , while the clearinghouse and its participants can net wins and losses to reduce risk for those inside the clearinghouse , the clearinghouse does not assuredly eliminate the basic risk facing the entire financial system .
Even if the opposition wins the recall , a new election might return Chávez to the presidency precisely because of this failing .
While the enemy is skillful at manipulating the media and using the tools of communications to their advantage , we have an advantage as well : truth is on our side , and , ultimately , truth wins out .
These voters were disgusted with Clinton , not only for his sexual relationship with White House intern Monica Lewinsky , but for lying about it .
It is understandable why , in the midst of an election campaign , a candidate would say that , for , even in the best of times , increasing foreign aid wins few votes in America .
However , because many IVF practitioners transfer two or three embryos at a time to improve the odds of a pregnancy occurring , twins and higher multiple births are more common , and carry some additional risk .
Depending on which party wins more seats , either Labor 's Gordon Brown or the Conservatives ' David Cameron will become prime minister with the Liberal Democrats ' support .
So will transatlantic relations remain as poisoned as they are now if Kerry wins ?
So , whoever wins the election will have a partial minority in the legislature for his entire six-year term , and his legitimacy will be questioned by large segments of the electorate .
The implications are clear : a show of power wins the day .
No one wins from a trade war .
Whoever wins the election almost certainly will continue to make further investments in education .
Whoever wins the election will in all likelihood pursue a strong land reform program .
Moreover , whoever wins the election almost surely will reflect that broad national consensus .
Under the new electoral rules , seats are allotted to parties in proportion to votes , but a special provision induces parties to forge pre-electoral agreements : the pre-electoral coalition that wins the most votes receives a seat premium that ensures a comfortable majority in the Chamber of Deputies -LRB- the lower house -RRB- .
Directed by Scotland 's Danny Boyle -LRB- Trainspotting -RRB- , and based on the page-turning novel Q and A by Indian diplomat Vikas Swarup , the film has captured the hearts of audiences and critics around the world with its tale of a child from the slums , a tea-boy in a call-center , who wins a TV quiz show modeled on Who Wants to be a Millionaire .
In the information age , as Joseph Nye , the guru of soft power , argues , it is not the side with the bigger army , but the side with the better story , that wins .
If Europe conveys the impression that its friendship with America depends on who wins the US presidential elections , it is likely to freeze the transatlantic relationship for years .
No matter who wins , this election has succeeded in revitalizing a moribund opposition to President Lukashenko .
Then consider Poland , where the Kaczynski twins , who hold the presidency and the prime ministership , have allied themselves with populist , xenophobic , and anti-Semitic parties .
