Once private , Charleroi airport could sign any agreement it wishes , with Ryanair or any other airline .
Their policies were dictated by British imperial interests , and gave no consideration to the wishes , interests , or characteristics of the local population .
The international community , led by the `` Quartet '' -LRB- the United States , the European Union , the United Nations , and Russia -RRB- , has put three conditions to the Hamas government if it wishes to achieve international legitimacy and continue to be supported financially .
Similarly , arrangements that make the firm 's board of directors more responsive to the wishes of a majority of shareholders , such as making it easier for shareholders to replace directors , can serve the interests of investors in widely held firms , but are counterproductive for investors in controlled firms .
Consider a public corporation whose CEO or controlling shareholder supports a political movement to the country 's right or left and wishes to support it with corporate funds .
But a corporation 's wishes should not be automatically and necessarily equated with those of its management .
The Tragedy of Zidane Those who the gods may destroy , they grant their wishes .
He has compared the Koran to Hitler 's Mein Kampf , and wishes to stop immigration of Muslims to the Netherlands .
To insist on it , against the wishes of most European citizens , would smack of precisely the kind of undemocratic paternalism that has turned many Europeans against the EU already .
Hamas wishes now to consolidate its political gains , maintain domestic order and stability , and refrain from any contacts with Israel .
It is understandable that he wishes to distinguish himself from his predecessor , Vicente Fox , who was unable to get meaningful reforms through Congress .
Against all expectation , and contrary to our wishes , this violence has put us in front of choices we had not seen before .
It is a decision being taken virtually independently of Prime Minister Tony Blair , and even against his wishes .
Spain , together with Portugal , Greece , and Ireland , has been an enormous beneficiary of the budget on both counts ; and Poland , another poor country , wishes to join the gravy train .
BERKELEY -- Despite the frequent cries of American Republicans that Barack Obama is trying to bring European-style socialism to the United States , it is now very clear that the US president wishes to govern from one place and one place only : the center .
As this history suggests , it is more remarkable for a US president not to reappoint a Fed chairman named by the opposite party than to reappoint one who wishes it .
A cardinal principle of contemporary medical ethics is that patients have the right to make this type of decision , and that physicians are obligated to follow their wishes .
Much of the commentary about the case has centered on whether a patient 's wishes can be overridden , even by loving family members .
After all , a clear message by the European Council would have a much stronger effect if it expressed not only the wishes of heads of governments , but also broad acceptance at all levels of society .
It will thus reduce state expenditure on enforcing a widely violated law ; remove marijuana growing and selling from the black market ; enable any adult who wishes to use marijuana to do so ; and introduce a tax on legal marijuana sales that will fill state coffers with revenue that formerly went to illegal growers -LRB- so long as there is no large-scale tax evasion -RRB- .
Both are allegedly endangered : by an EU that wishes to assimilate `` us '' as much as possible ; by the European Commission with its standards ; by NATO , the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank ; by the United Nations ; by foreign capital ; by Western ideologies ; by Eastern mafias ; by American influence ; by Asian or African immigration ; and by God knows what else .
The EU 's embassies in Havana will now craft their guest lists in accordance with the Cuban government 's wishes .
In domestic affairs , no German government can avoid the Bundestags powerful committees and commissions , or force them to behave as the government wishes .
Moreover , the opposition , is typically always oriented more toward the next election than to providing support on any single issue for the Chancellor , even an issue that it wishes to promote .
Addressing the root causes and reducing the impact of displacement should start by heeding victims ' voices -- their needs and wishes must be understood and their rights respected .
Cameron now talks about the need for `` a healthier relationship between politicians and media owners . '' And Murdoch apparently is now saying that he wishes that all these prime ministers would `` leave me alone . ''
But it amounts to essentially the same thing : when the chips were down , the most powerful governments in the world -LRB- on paper , at least -RRB- deferred again and again to the needs and wishes of people who had lent money to big banks .
Jesus worded it positively : `` So in everything , do to others what you would have them do to you . '' Islam , too , has a similar concept : `` None of you believes until he wishes for his brother what he wishes for himself . ''
Just when the world reached a consensus that Ahmadinejad was merely an instrument of the Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Khamenei , Ahmadinejad appointed a Vice-President against Khamenei 's wishes -LRB- though he later retracted the appointment -RRB- .
While the UMNO still trumpets its Islamic advocacy , the party is facing difficult choices , particularly as it wishes to maintain foreign investment in an increasingly polarized environment .
And every country should think very carefully about what it wishes to communicate about itself .
The agreement signed in early April in Prague between Russia and the United States on the reduction of strategic nuclear weapons and possibly on further cuts was accompanied by the publication of the US Nuclear Posture Review , identifying the nuclear capabilities that Obama 's administration wishes to preserve for the next four years .
But as the ancient Greeks used to say , those whom the gods will destroy , they grant their wishes .
The law would permit marital rape , limit women 's movements -- say , for work or study -- without male permission , and even make it illegal for a woman to refuse to dress as her husband wishes .
In the West , the counterpoint to the notion of woman as property has been a highly individualistic demand for personal autonomy -- decision-making based primarily on a woman 's own wishes , rather than as wife , mother , community member , or worshipper .
None of this means that men and women should not try to adjust to each other 's wishes , ask for shared responsibility with housework , or expect to be `` heard . ''
The US can not alone hunt down every suspected Al Qaeda leader . Nor can it launch a war whenever it wishes without alienating other countries .
Singapore has invested enough in its military defense to make itself seem as indigestible as `` a poisoned shrimp '' to neighbors that it wishes to deter .
Yet now , Lukashenko wishes to harness entrepreneurship and foreign direct investment in a bid to modernize the economy .
But , unlike either Iran or Syria , Turkey genuinely wishes to see a strong and representative government in Baghdad .
But what if these people get their wishes , and NATO collapses and Islamists triumph ?
If the OIC wishes to change many people 's perception that Islam violates human rights , suppressing freedom of speech is hardly the best way to go about it .
This means that the coalition can not do whatever it wishes with Saddam 's henchmen and war criminals .
A key question is whether the Palestinian masses , fed up with their leadership 's bickering , corruption , and incompetence , could make their wishes known to find an end to a conflict that has cost them so much .
Both parties therefore cater to their wishes .
It is time for the rich countries to respect the wishes of the poor in getting such a trade round off the ground .
Indeed , Mr Tung 's anticipatory subservience to the real or imagined wishes of China 's rulers exposed the congenital flaw in the political architecture of uniting a liberal society with a dictatorship .
If China 's rulers heed the wishes of Hong Kong 's seven million people to have the right to elect their own leaders through direct elections , however , they face the prospect that China 's 1.3 billion people will demand the same right .
Living a long time is one of our deepest wishes , and medical and economic progress offers the hope that it will be fulfilled .
But it hardly wishes to colonize the frozen wastes of Siberia . In fact , Siberia is not much different from China 's own almost empty mountain\/desert borderlands , where even agriculture is a daunting task .
The prime concern for the EU bureaucracy is to find compromises that meet the wishes of member states , and to accommodate often divergent and contradictory national preferences .
Normally , when patients are unable to make decisions about their treatment , the family 's wishes should be given great weight .
But a family 's wishes should not override doctors ' ethical responsibility to act in the best interests of their patients .
The other important issue raised by Golubchuk 's case is how far a publicly-funded health care system such as Canada 's has to go to satisfy the family 's wishes .
Whoever wishes to grow bio-fuels on land that was previously used for food production must recognize that this would increase food prices , harming the poorest of the poor .
In the end , she will probably give in to Sarkozy 's wishes in order to avoid endangering her chances of re-election in September because of a conflict with the French .
Those whom the gods would destroy , they grant their wishes .
Let there be no mistake : Georgia 's new leaders face daunting economic , political , and constitutional challenges in the years ahead . But Russia wishes them success .
At the very least , this shows that markets by themselves do not quickly work to ensure that there is a job for everyone who wishes to work .
The US had made it clear that it would abide by only one outcome at the UN -- a principle under which no democratic body can operate , for to insist that a decision must accord with the wishes of one member is dictatorship . Subsequent events have shown how difficult it is -- even for the strongest country in the world -- to impose a stable democratic regime .
But , while the AU 's dispatch of Mbeki demonstrates serious engagement , it should not lead to a negotiated solution or a compromise that thwarts the wishes of a majority of Ivorians . Indeed , in recent years an unfortunate trend has emerged in African politics : losing candidates , unhappy with their election results , unleash violence until the only option for mediators is to grant them a continued role in government .
Though the big parties are broadly committed to continuing an economic policy of liberalization and growth , the BJP is mostly focused on the well-being of India 's merchant class , whereas Congress wishes to redistribute enhanced government revenues to the poor through generous social programs .
It comes from one simple fact : do n't try to telephone an Afghan at 8:30 in the evening . That 's when the Indian TV soap opera `` Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi '' , dubbed into Dari , is telecast on Tolo TV , and no one wishes to miss it .
Unfortunately , while angry protesters have sometimes forced unwelcome rulers out of power , they have been unable to replace tyrants with governments that respect the public 's wishes .
Many observers regard these relations as a signal not just to the region , but to the rest of the world , of the sort of power that Russia wishes to be .
The Ukraine president is authorized to appoint and sack the prime minister , dissolve parliament if he wishes , and rule by decree if he judges that the country 's institutions are in danger .
But is the particular relationship between church and state at the time of the French and American Revolutions the model that Europe wishes to propagate in the rest of the world today ?
Alternatively , it may be that the SNB mostly wishes to talk the franc down to break the safe-haven effect .
