The authorities clearly wish to control the extent of the thaw in Syria 's political culture .
Once private , Charleroi airport could sign any agreement it wishes , with Ryanair or any other airline .
It then concluded that Tetra Laval , from its strong dominant position in the carton container market , will probably pressure its current customers wishing to switch over to PET packaging to use equipment produced by Sidel when they make that switch .
Why do so many Holocaust survivors sense emerging anti-Jewish threats before seeing them ?
But Ambassador Bernard did provide a service ; he helped us to recognize how widespread this new anti-Jewishness is .
Once Jewish religion was the target .
Sometimes anti-Zionists claim that they are not against Jews but are `` only '' against the Jewish state .
This demonization of the only democracy in the Middle East is a central part of the new anti-Jewishness .
This constant singling out of one nation as humanity 's enemy is in fact a campaign directed against the Jewish people .
Indeed , many anti-Jewish outbursts in a number of countries are rooted in condemnations of Israel that exploit anti-Semitic terminology .
Compared to previous anti-Jewish outbreaks , today 's anti-Semitism is less an attack on individual Jews than an attack on the `` collective Jew , '' the state of Israel .
Such attacks , however , have started a chain reaction of assaults across Europe and Latin America on individual Jews and Jewish institutions .
Today the most dangerous anti-Semites are those who want to make the world Judenstaatrein , free of a Jewish state .
But Ireland should also allow the EU 's other member states to proceed with the Lisbon Treaty if that is what they wish .
Their policies were dictated by British imperial interests , and gave no consideration to the wishes , interests , or characteristics of the local population .
The international community , led by the `` Quartet '' -LRB- the United States , the European Union , the United Nations , and Russia -RRB- , has put three conditions to the Hamas government if it wishes to achieve international legitimacy and continue to be supported financially .
Perhaps the first failure occurred in the 1920 's , when the British Mandatory government in Palestine encouraged the two national communities -- Jewish and Arab -- to establish communal institutions of self-government to look after education , welfare , housing , and local administration .
This autonomous institution became the forerunner of the political structure of the nascent Jewish state , and its leaders -- David Ben-Gurion among them -- emerged as Israel 's future political elite .
The Mufti of Jerusalem , Haj Amin al-Husseini -LRB- later an ally of Nazi Germany -RRB- , became its chairman , but it never succeeded in creating a generally accepted national leadership or in providing the Arab community the panoply of educational and welfare services offered to the Jewish community by its elected institutions .
The second failure occurred during the Arab Revolt against British rule in Palestine in 1936-1939 , which was accompanied by massive terror attacks against Jewish civilians .
More Palestinians were killed by contending militias than by the British army or the Jewish self-defense forces .
The third failure -- even more tragic -- occurred in 1947-48 , when Palestinian Arabs rejected the United Nations partition plan , which envisaged separate Arab and Jewish states after the departure of the British .
But what sometimes gets lost in this narrative is that , while practically all sectors of Palestinian Arab society rejected the UN plan , Palestinians were unable to devise coherent political institutions and a unified military command with which to confront the much smaller Jewish community .
By contrast , the besieged Jewish community , under David Ben-Gurion and the Jewish self-defense force -LRB- the Hagannah -RRB- was able to mobilize , through its democratic institutions and with only marginal dissent , the resources needed for a successful military campaign .
In the north of the country , a Syrian-based militia , under Fawzi al-Kaukji , attacked Jewish villages .
But all national movements -- the Greek as well as the Polish , the Jewish as well as the Kurdish -- begin in adversity .
For example , in 1936-1939 , a Palestinian uprising against British rule deteriorated into a bloody civil war , in which more Palestinians were killed by their brethren than by the British army or the Jewish self-defense forces .
When US President Barack Obama appointed former Senator George Mitchell as his special envoy for Middle East peace negotiations , Mitchell 's mandate was to achieve within two years not only an agreement between Israel and the Palestinians , but also overall peace between the Jewish state and the whole Arab world .
Palestinian nationalism is deeply ingrained in the consciousness of most Palestinians -- yet , since 1948 , when the United Nations proposed partitioning British Palestine into two states , a Jewish and an Arab one , it has failed to move from ideology towards reality .
The Palestinians contest not just the post-1967 occupation of the West Bank ; since the United Nations partition plan of 1947 -- which called for the establishment of two states , one Jewish and one Arab -- Palestinians have refused to recognize Israel 's right to exist , and most Israelis are not convinced that they have totally abandoned that stance .
Should one-third of national parliaments so wish , the European Commission will be required to reconsider a proposal .
Democracy has taken root in almost every corner of Europe , and Europeans now have far greater freedom to live , work , and study where and how they wish .
The Constitutional Treaty is a reflection of our wish to continue in the same vein , to carry on working together .
He wished to establish the kind of democratic politics that could support and nurture a healthy market economy .
Similarly , arrangements that make the firm 's board of directors more responsive to the wishes of a majority of shareholders , such as making it easier for shareholders to replace directors , can serve the interests of investors in widely held firms , but are counterproductive for investors in controlled firms .
Consider a public corporation whose CEO or controlling shareholder supports a political movement to the country 's right or left and wishes to support it with corporate funds .
But a corporation 's wishes should not be automatically and necessarily equated with those of its management .
Alternatively , an executive wishing to unload equity could be permitted to sell the shares in the market , but only gradually , according to a pre-specified , automatic plan that would be self-executing -LRB- say , one-sixth of the number of shares the executive seeks to sell on the first trading day of each of the subsequent six months -RRB- .
Under a pre-trading disclosure arrangement , an executive wishing to sell a given number of shares would have to announce such an intention substantially in advance , say , more than six months .
Nor is the Jewish state of Israel , where Messianic fanatics and religious nationalists have embraced a political theology that questions the very legitimacy of the democratic institutions , immune from this phenomenon .
A nation was reborn out of Holocaust survivors and uprooted Jewish communities who , mostly through the quality of their human capital , built a booming economy , created one of the world 's most innovative agricultures , and revived a dead language .
Indeed , Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has warned of `` the end of the Jewish state '' if the country remains bogged down in the occupied territories and a Palestinian state is not established .
By contrast , `` Jerusalem '' regards `` Tel Aviv 's '' drive for `` normalcy '' as a shallow affair , one that is almost criminally indifferent to Jewish memory and the lessons of Jewish history .
The Israel of `` Jerusalem '' is one of yearning for Jewish roots , a deep-seated fear of `` the Arabs , '' and an unyielding distrust of `` Gentiles '' and their `` international community . ''
The crisis of the Jewish conscience in the traumatic transition from Holocaust to statehood has not yet been fully overcome .
They survived in order to resolve what for too long has looked like an insoluble conundrum : legitimizing Jewish statehood in the eyes of those who consider themselves its victims .
This is an intriguing anomaly , for , notwithstanding Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's vile anti-Semitic rhetoric , the implications of Iran 's emerging power extend far beyond the Jewish state .
The old continent suffers from two guilt complexes that have much to do with Israel : the colonial and the Jewish complex .
For Europeans , Israel 's creation was to compensate for the sins committed against the Jewish people .
Are some Europeans , many Israelis ask , attempting to use Israel as a means to rid themselves of guilt over the Jewish question , and with it the Jews ' unbearable claim to moral superiority , by lightheartedly equating them with the perpetrators of the Shoah ?
Israel , as the territorial answer to the old Jewish fears , tends to take decisions only on the basis of worst-case scenarios .
It reflected the yearning of the Jewish state to unleash its creative energies in economic and social matters , as it created space for an independent , imaginative foreign policy that was not linked to , or conditioned by , the paralyzing constraints of the Arab-Israeli conflict .
But , however fundamental the current differences might be , it is the underlying suspicion that Obama is poised to shift America away from its unique relationship with the Jewish state that most worries Israelis .
A convergence of interests and a profoundly emotional attitude to Israel 's story and to the Jewish narrative since the Holocaust have been the motive forces behind what is perhaps one of the most intriguing alliances in international relations .
He was far less shaped by religious and biblical teachings than all of them , and the narrative of Jewish history and of Israel 's heroic emergence out of the ashes of the Holocaust is not the primordial sentiment in his attitude toward the Arab-Israeli conflict .
Devoid of sentimental attachment to Israel 's cause and deeply disturbed by its policies in the occupied territories , Obama represents the specter of a White House where neither love nor interests are shared with the Jewish state .
Oddly , it was Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu who , by requesting that the Palestinians recognize Israel as a Jewish state , reopened the 1948 file .
In Zionism , the Jewish community in Palestine was the focus of decision making , with the Jewish Diaspora a strategic back-up .
Instead of suppressing the memory of the refugees , Israel needs to recognize that in 1948 the land was bisected by the sword , and that the Jewish state came into being partly because of the massive uprooting and dispossession of Palestinian communities .
The onslaught on Israel was indirectly encouraged by the now widespread perception that , with Obama in the White House , America 's unwavering support for the Jewish state can no longer be taken for granted .
Israel and NATO -- Between Membership and Partnership MADRID -- The idea of integrating Israel into NATO has frequently been advanced as bait to encourage the Jewish state to make the necessary concessions for an Arab-Israeli peace settlement .
This is certainly the case with the analogy that Israeli leaders insist on drawing between the destruction of European Jewry in the Holocaust and the threat posed to the Jewish state by a nuclear-armed Iran .
Even Defense Minister Ehud Barak , usually a coolly rational thinker , chose Yad Mordechai , a Kibbutz named after Mordechai Anilewitz , the leader of the Warsaw Ghetto uprising , to alert world opinion against `` Holocaust deniers , first and foremost the Iranian president , who calls for the destruction of the Jewish people . ''
Iran 's race to develop nuclear weapons , Netanyahu warned , can be understood only in the context of its leaders ' `` repeated vows to wipe the Jewish state off the face of the earth . '' Supposedly , now , as then , the world is criminally indifferent .
He would show them how the Jewish state , created by Holocaust survivors and now led by one , would come to the rescue of a Christian minority threatened with destruction .
Israel needs to decide whether it is a regional superpower or a Jewish ghetto waiting for an imminent pogrom to begin .
As always , they want the best of all worlds : an emphatically Jewish state in which Palestinians would have citizenship rights , but no national rights whatsoever .
Obama 's endorsement of Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu 's claim that if Israel is recognized as a Jewish state and its security needs accepted , `` I will surprise , and the sky is the limit , '' has made the current process possible .
By reopening Israel 's demand to be recognized as the state of the Jewish people , he is forcing the Palestinians to insist even more on the constituent issues of the conflict , first and foremost on the so-called `` right of return '' of Palestinians who fled or were driven out after Israeli independence in 1948 .
The end of the conflict , like the requirement that Israel be recognized as a Jewish state , is a concept that has unnecessarily acquired mythical meaning .
United Nations Resolution 181 in 1947 has already recognized Israel as a Jewish state .
A plan that almost certainly would have to satisfy Israel 's security concerns and lean toward acknowledging its Jewishness -- in a way that might entirely neutralize the Palestinian ethos of return -- would be especially unpalatable to them .
The son of a renowned historian who served as the personal secretary of Zeev Jabotinski , the founder of the Zionist right , Netanyahu absorbed from childhood his father 's interpretation of Jewish history as a series of tragedies .
The lesson was simple : the gentiles can not be relied upon , for Jewish history is one of betrayal and extermination at their hands .
Our Arab neighbors should never be trusted ; hence , as Jabotinski preached , the new Israeli nation must erect an Iron Wall of Jewish power to deter its enemies forever .
Unfortunately , Israel today has a prime minister with the mentality of a platoon commander who nonetheless likes to cast himself as a latter day Churchill fighting the forces of evil bent on destroying the Third Jewish Temple .
Not until occupation ends , Israel lives within internationally recognized borders , and the Palestinians recover their dignity as a nation will the Jewish state 's existence be finally secured .
Notwithstanding its bitter conflict with Israel , Turkey , unlike Iran , is not an unconditional enemy of the Jewish state , and would not discard an accommodation with Binyamin Netanyahu 's government . Indeed , talks are now under way between the parties to restore more normal relations .
Egypt had to grant Israel only political recognition , but the Palestinians are being asked to recognize Israel 's moral legitimacy by accepting Jewish links to the Holy Land and hence admitting the Jews ' millenarian claim for a state in a land that the Palestinians believe is historically theirs .
For Israelis , that omission reveals even the most moderate Palestinians ' unwillingness to embrace the existence of a Jewish state .
Abbas 's refusal to recognize Israel as a Jewish state -- on the ground that to do so would betray Israel 's 1.5 million Palestinian citizens -- vindicated a key Israeli concern , and fueled skeptics ' fears of a hidden long-term Palestinian agenda to do away with the Jewish state altogether .
This is likely to dishearten Israeli doves -- and embolden hawks in their insistence that no progress toward peace is possible without the Palestinians ' unequivocal acceptance of Israel as the Jewish national homeland .
`` Every day that goes by only causes more people to wish for the renewal of the Israeli occupation of Gaza .
More an enemy of Israeli-Arab reconciliation than of Israel as such , the Mullahs ' resort to an incendiary anti-Jewish , pan-Islamic discourse is aimed at ending Iran 's isolation and presenting its regional ambitions in a light palatable to the Sunni masses .
But Israel has every reason to be concerned , for a nuclear Iran would undermine the promise of Zionism to secure a Jewish refuge -- the core rationale of Israel 's own strategy of `` nuclear ambiguity '' -- and would embolden its enemies throughout the region .
If they wish to stay the course in the struggle against international terrorism , European leaders must take a leaf or two from Blair 's book .
Not only does it tie America 's Middle Eastern policy to the intransigence of Sharon and the death wish of Palestinian suicide bombers , it also weakens the international coalition against Al Qaeda .
What Annan has done is to embrace ten wide-ranging guiding principles while leaving signatory corporations free to choose that which they wish to support actively .
In fact , the financial statements of mega-banks are impenetrable works of fiction or wishful thinking .
What motivates the opponents of free service provision and labor movement in Europe is not a desire to ensure social cohesion , but a wish to maintain the status quo .
The Tragedy of Zidane Those who the gods may destroy , they grant their wishes .
Having announced that he would end his professional career with the World Cup , Zidane had his wish fulfilled .
Peace through Superior Football When it comes to wishing for peace in the Middle East -- virtually a New Year 's tradition - -- one needs to be careful .
But we have a wish for the Middle East -- one that , while perhaps not bringing peace , can create one of peace 's preconditions : goodwill .
Pretending that banks that passed modest stress tests can be kept open indefinitely with little collateral damage is wishful -- and dangerous -- thinking .
What is happening at the moment could be described as a power struggle over who should be responsible for a service that more and more people wish to be available but where no amount of professional expertise can fully safeguard the right decision .
Drafted with reference to UN Resolution 181 -LRB- which partitioned Palestine in 1947 -RRB- , such a motion would reaffirm the establishment of a Palestinian state and a state for the Jewish people , based on the 1967 borders , with mutually agreed border adjustments and security arrangements .
It would also indirectly address the Israeli government 's demand that the Palestinians recognize a `` Jewish state . ''
There is neither the illusion nor the desire to hold onto captured territories permanently , or to build Jewish settlements , and Israel has virtually no international support for any of these goals .
Pakistan let the US use its air bases to launch drone attacks on Taliban fighters in Afghanistan and northwestern Pakistan ; allowed its territory to be used as a supply route for NATO forces in landlocked Afghanistan ; and , less enthusiastically than the US wished , launched military operations against Taliban sanctuaries on the Pakistani side of the porous border with Afghanistan .
Clubs , too , often used to command tribal loyalty along ethnic or religious lines , depending on their location in large industrial cities : Irish clubs versus Jewish clubs in London , for example , or Protestants versus Catholics in Glasgow .
So the fate of Belgium should interest all Europeans , especially those who wish the Union well .
They can remain dependent on US protection and stop complaining , or they can develop the capacity to defend Europe , however they wish to define it , by themselves .
The Jewish Conspiracy in Asia
The Jewish Conspiracy in Asia TOKYO -- A Chinese bestseller , entitled The Currency War , describes how Jews are planning to rule the world by manipulating the international financial system .
Japanese readers have shown a healthy appetite over the years for books such as To Watch Jews Is To See the World Clearly , The Next Ten Years : How to Get an Inside View of the Jewish Protocols , and I 'd Like to Apologize To the Japanese - A Jewish Elder 's Confession -LRB- written by a Japanese author , of course , under the made-up name of Mordecai Mose -RRB- .
Perhaps this is how Jewish conspiracy theories were passed on as well .
So what explains the remarkable appeal of Jewish conspiracy theories in Asia ?
This perfectly matched the stereotype of the `` rootless cosmopolitan '' Jewish moneygrubber .
Japan was able to defeat Russia in 1905 only after a Jewish banker in New York , Jacob Schiff , helped Japan by floating bonds . So The Protocols of the Elders of Zion confirmed what the Japanese already suspected ; Jews really did pull the strings of global finance .
But , instead of wishing to attack them , the Japanese , being a practical people , decided that they would be better off cultivating those clever , powerful Jews as friends .
As a result , during World War Two , even as the Germans were asking their Japanese allies to round up Jews and hand them over , dinners were held in Japanese-occupied Manchuria to celebrate Japanese-Jewish friendship .
Jewish refugees in Shanghai , though never comfortable , at least remained alive under Japanese protection .
He has compared the Koran to Hitler 's Mein Kampf , and wishes to stop immigration of Muslims to the Netherlands .
But Kouchner himself has often said that the murder of his Russian-Jewish grandparents in Auschwitz inspired his humanitarian interventionism .
The fact that many prominent Jewish intellectuals in Europe and the United States -- often , like Kouchner , with a leftist past -- are sympathetic to the idea of using American armed force to further the cause of human rights and democracy in the world , may derive from the same wellspring .
Before World War II , football clubs often had an ethnic or religious component : Tottenham Hotspur in London was `` Jewish , '' while Arsenal was `` Irish . ''
Since such feelings can not simply be wished away , it is better to allow for their ritual expression , just as fears of death , violence , and decay find expression in religion or bull fighting .
This suggests that if Liu Xiaobo and like-minded dissidents ever got their wish , and democracy came to China , the problem of Chinese nationalism would not go away .
Children of immigrants in the past , however unwelcome they were made to feel , rarely wished to blow up the places to which their parents had chosen to move .
Palestinians who might wish to make similar claims on properties in West Jerusalem can not do so .
Some Arab properties in Jerusalem are purchased by Jewish businessmen or organizations .
When American diplomats complained about Jewish settlers ' forcible intrusion into Palestinian neighborhoods , Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu responded that Jerusalem was not a settlement , but the capital of Israel .
The ultimate aim , it appears , is to make Jerusalem Jewish , by purchase , by invoking historical claims , and , if necessary , by force .
But the show of Jewish solidarity no doubt makes some Palestinians feel less alone .
Even if most Israelis never see a roadblock , the security wall , or forcible evictions , the habit of looking away , not wishing to know , is a form of corruption .
And , in December , a delegation of European far-right politicians toured Jewish settlements on the occupied West Bank , pleasing their hosts by reassuring them that this was `` Jewish land . ''
When Theodor Herzl was making the rounds of Europe at the end of the nineteenth century , trying to gain support for the establishment of a state for the Jews , he was often rebuffed by rich and powerful Jewish grandees , who saw him as a troublemaker .
Once the Jewish state was established , the earliest European friends of Israel were often people on the left , who admired the communal life on the kibbutzim , and saw Israel as a great socialist experiment , led by wise old left-wing idealists , such as David Ben-Gurion .
In short , the wrong friends of Israel are even worse friends of the Jewish people .
If Japan 's relatively inexperienced government is blamed for everything that goes wrong , people might wish to retreat to the old ways of murky paternalism .
But there is another , darker side to this craving , which is the wish to see idols dragged through the mud in vicious gossip magazines , divorce courts , and so on . This is the vengeful side of our fawning , as though the humiliation of worshipping idols must be balanced by our delight in their downfall .
Franz Joseph I stood up for his Jewish subjects when they were threatened by German anti-Semites .
We know that Hitler did intend to destroy every last Jewish man , woman , and child .
It was a promise that partly reflected the feeling of guilt that still haunts the Dutch for looking the other way as the Germans rounded up and deported two-thirds of their country 's Jewish population to death camps .
For some , we are forever living in 1938 , or rather , 1942 , when the Nazis approved what Hitler called `` the final solution of the Jewish question . ''
So , if Europeans do n't even believe in their own union , why should Turkey wish to join it ?
To insist on it , against the wishes of most European citizens , would smack of precisely the kind of undemocratic paternalism that has turned many Europeans against the EU already .
Men who wish to maintain their control over women will no doubt continue to use culture and religious tradition to justify their dominance .
Former New York City Mayor Edward Koch supported a Catholic Republican congressional candidate against a Jewish Democrat in New York , because the Republican supports Israel through thick and thin -- and because Obama had voiced reservations about Israel 's expansion of settlements on the West Bank .
Or is it the `` Jewish vote '' ?
Polls suggest that a majority of Jewish Americans -LRB- a mere 1.7 % of the US population -RRB- still vote for the Democratic Party .
This was also the result of demographic changes : Middle Eastern Jews were more viscerally anti-Arab than their European brethren , and Jewish immigrants from Russia were viscerally anti-left .
And , in the US , a peculiar alliance of Jewish hardliners and evangelical Christians , who believe that all Jews must eventually return to the Holy Land and convert to Christianity , has become the main base of support for Israel .
These political heirs of deeply racist traditions are the new champions of a Jewish state , whose policies now owe more to nineteenth-century ethnic chauvinism than to Zionism 's socialist roots .
Standing up to Israel , and its new fanatical friends , is not anti-Jewish .
This would not be in anyone 's interest , so we should wish China well in 2008 , while sparing a thought for all the dissidents , democrats , and free spirits languishing in labor camps and prisons .
Wilders , a popular rabble-rouser whose party occupies nine seats in the Dutch parliament , compares the Koran to Hitler 's Mein Kampf , wants to stop Muslims from moving to the Netherlands , and thunders that those who are already in the country should tear up half the Koran if they wish to stay .
In Israel , the educated Jewish activists who criticize Israeli abuses against Palestinians , the peaceniks who believe that negotiation is better than violence and that even Arabs have rights , are called , with a knowing sneer , `` beautiful souls . ''
For several years after WWII 's end , Pius XII enjoyed great popularity , even within the Jewish community .
NEW YORK -- The conventional wisdom that sub-Saharan Africa has moved beyond military coups may be wishful thinking .
Hamas wishes now to consolidate its political gains , maintain domestic order and stability , and refrain from any contacts with Israel .
Acting prime minister Ehud Olmert and others pointed out years ago that Israel 's permanent occupation will be increasingly difficult as the relative number of Jewish citizens decreases demographically both within Israel and in Palestine .
However , a decision-making body consisting of delegates from Kosovo , Serbia , and the European Union would be given full authority over major foreign policy issues -LRB- for example , alliances and relations with international economic institutions -RRB- , defense , borders -LRB- in case Kosovo wished to join with Albania -RRB- , and the treatment of Kosovo 's Serbian minority .
Colombia 's blemished human rights record is affecting its government 's international standing and providing ammunition for those who wish to sabotage the FTA .
Colombia 's blemished human rights record is affecting its government 's international standing and providing ammunition for those who wish to sabotage the FTA .
It is understandable that he wishes to distinguish himself from his predecessor , Vicente Fox , who was unable to get meaningful reforms through Congress .
Mexico abstained on partition , though it voted in favor of admitting Israel to the UN a few months later , and subsequently recognized the Jewish state , acknowledging that its national interest was best served by not taking sides in the Middle East imbroglio .
The Jewish community in the United States , and to a lesser extent President Barack Obama 's administration , has attempted to convince Chile and Mexico , which have not yet made their stances explicit , that nothing would be gained by isolating Israel -LRB- or the US , for that matter -RRB- on this issue .
Instead , they have followed the path of expedience , their positions depending on the relative clout and stridency of their societies ' Jewish or Arab communities , and on urging from Washington or from the so-called ALBA bloc of Cuba , Venezuela , Nicaragua , Bolivia , and Paraguay .
Against all expectation , and contrary to our wishes , this violence has put us in front of choices we had not seen before .
Moreover , China does not wish to deepen the concerns that it aroused in Asia last year by openly discarding Deng Xiaoping 's dictum , tao guang yang hui -LRB- `` conceal ambitions and hide claws '' -RRB- .
A chorus sang Romanian and Jewish songs and everybody expressed the vow that Vadim would be the `` next and the first Christian President '' of Romania , the yarmulke notwithstanding !
In this area , more than in most , wishful thinking is a deadly mistake .
The Catholic-Jewish dialogue in particular was in good hands with him .
When a distinguished Jewish scholar thanked him for what he had done to cultivate Catholic-Jewish relations , he replied : `` That was not me , that was Providence , '' and then added with his inimitable smile : `` And me . ''
Who would not wish to live in a meritocracy ? It is certainly preferable to a plutocracy , in which wealth determines status , or a gerontocracy , in which age leads one to the top , or even an aristocracy , in which what counts are inherited titles and properties .
If we do not wish to be submerged in violence and authoritarian responses to it , international institutions must do for the modernizing world what the EU has managed to do for the postcommunist countries .
Perhaps it is right that the use of religious symbols has become the subject of public debate , though I think that wearing headscarves and even veils is as much a part of individual freedom as is the wearing of Jewish skullcaps and Christian crosses .
It is a decision being taken virtually independently of Prime Minister Tony Blair , and even against his wishes .
Spain , together with Portugal , Greece , and Ireland , has been an enormous beneficiary of the budget on both counts ; and Poland , another poor country , wishes to join the gravy train .
BERKELEY -- Despite the frequent cries of American Republicans that Barack Obama is trying to bring European-style socialism to the United States , it is now very clear that the US president wishes to govern from one place and one place only : the center .
For example , suppose that you have many workers qualified and skilled to work in construction , but households have decided that their houses are more than large enough , and wish to fill them with manufactured goods .
So those of us who still wish to be flag-waving advocates for international capital mobility are reduced to two arguments .
It is not possible for a card-carrying neo-liberal like me to wish for anything but the most minor of controls to curb speculative of capital flows .
And that is why so many of them now wish that they had had a different candidate to vote for back in 2000 .
I think that the Fed is wrong : the fallout from the current liquidity panic means that a year from now we are likely to wish that the Fed had given a boost to spending this month .
That may still prove to be wishful thinking .
I wish -- as the Fed does -- that some way could have been found to make financial-sector equity holders bear an even larger share of the losses that are coming down the road than they have borne so far or are likely to bear .
The problem is not that such women on average want fewer than two children ; in fact , on average they wish to have a bit more than two .
As this history suggests , it is more remarkable for a US president not to reappoint a Fed chairman named by the opposite party than to reappoint one who wishes it .
If financial markets lose that confidence -- if they conclude that the Fed is too much under the president 's thumb to wage the good fight against inflation , or if they conclude that the chairman does not wish to control inflation -- then the economic news is almost certain to be bad .
Kim 's visit should be evaluated in terms of Chinese-North Korean relations as they are , rather than as others might wish them to be .
I wish I were joking , but I am not .
America 's long boom was no house of cards , no matter how hard those who scoffed at the `` New Economy '' wished it to be so .
The growing presence of non-commercial investors has provided important liquidity to the market , as speculators assume risks related to commodity prices that hedgers wish to avoid .
But an increasingly virulent and violent clash of cultures is emerging in Europe -- particularly in France , Germany , Spain , and the Netherlands -- between Islam and the humanitarian , Christian , and Jewish traditions .
The Operating System that Stole Christmas Before asking for a new Windows PC this holiday season , remember the old adage : `` Be careful about what you wish for . ''
Unfortunately , everything suggests that this was an illusion based on wishful thinking .
Third , regulation could be used to reconcile Greece 's need to restructure now with the banks ' wish to wait until their balance sheets are stronger .
In the United States , those who argue for another stimulus package observe that it was always wishful thinking to believe that a $ 787 billion package could offset a $ 3 trillion fall in private spending .
By holding out , Republicans wish to force President Barack Obama 's administration into massive spending cuts .
Only chaos-lovers wish for such an outcome , but it is possible if core governments continue to hesitate in engaging their balance sheets ; if peripheral governments abandon their fiscal-reform efforts ; and\/or if societies can no longer tolerate economic stagnation , high and rising unemployment , and budget austerity .
Political and legal reforms in Turkey in recent years have been remarkably far-reaching , for they have clearly been spurred by Turks ' wish to move closer to the EU .
To secure regional stability , Russia must be convinced that all countries have the right to choose the international organizations in which they wish to be members .
The government of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia -LRB- FRY -RRB- could seize and extradite them - if it wished to .
MELBOURNE -- Shortly before Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin 's assassination by a right-wing Jewish extremist in November 1995 , I met him in Tel Aviv .
For all his deep emotional attachment to the idea of Israel embracing all of historical Judea and Samaria , Rabin knew that the only way to ensure a democratic Jewish state with viable , secure borders was to accept a Palestinian state alongside it , equally secure and viable .
We wish to see Israeli citizens living in peace and security alongside all their neighbors .
Instead of simply wishing that the dollar would stop falling , European governments need to take steps to stimulate domestic demand to replace the loss of sales and jobs that will otherwise accompany the more competitive dollar .
In a serious downturn , a country may wish to pursue a traditional Keynesian policy through large-scale , deficit-financed fiscal stimulus .
· The Israeli wish list for US arms deliveries , discussed with the American president , focused mainly on the improvement of the attack capabilities and precision of the Israeli air force .
The West should not reject Russia 's wish for new negotiations on a European security system .
The temptation of communitarianism , which the French have debated for at least a decade , comes from the wish to turn the failure of genuine equality into something positive .
Anti-Semites often cite a passage in Matthew in which a Jewish crowd cheers for Christ 's execution and voluntarily accepts permanent guilt : `` His blood be on us and on our children . ''
Yet the fear of Jewish prowess continued to shape the thinking of the West , both consciously and unconsciously .
The Catholic Church has abandoned its anti-Jewish teachings , but this does not that mean that the culture engendered by Christianity can easily redefine its premises .
But it is time that they come to grips with their inner conflicts about Jewish guilt -- and their own .
The justification of self-defense comes readily to the lips of both paranoids and those who reasonably wish to defend themselves against imminent attack .
Another reason why guilt does not capture our situation is that the collective debt must be owed to some coherent collective entity , such as the Jewish people in the Holocaust .
? Two panels of technical experts are the ones to judge trends in copper prices and output , respectively , insulated from the political processes that can otherwise succumb to wishful thinking .
Is it based on a sober assessment of the complex realities in Iraq and the region ? Or is it driven by ideology and wishful thinking ?
A cardinal principle of contemporary medical ethics is that patients have the right to make this type of decision , and that physicians are obligated to follow their wishes .
Much of the commentary about the case has centered on whether a patient 's wishes can be overridden , even by loving family members .
Conversely , Israel is also fighting two wars : a just war to defend its right to exist , accepted in its integrity and security in the Middle East , and an unjust and futile war to perpetuate its occupation of the West Bank and Gaza Strip and the Jewish settlements located there .
Perhaps , in a future of peaceful coexistence and open borders , there could even be Jewish communities with autonomous administrations in the territories , just as there are such Arab communities in Israel now : the Jews that stay on would be foreign residents in the Palestinian state and subject to its laws .
Or if you wish , discovered .
But the current options that many governments wish to embrace will not do the job .
After all , a clear message by the European Council would have a much stronger effect if it expressed not only the wishes of heads of governments , but also broad acceptance at all levels of society .
In 1947 Palestinian Arabs and their allies rejected a UN proposal to partition Palestine into a Jewish state and an Arab state , just as ten years before they rejected a similar partitioning proposed by the Peel Commission .
But , unless the Arabs reconcile themselves to the permanent reality of a Jewish state in Palestine , the creation of a Palestinian Arab state will not provide more than the temporary palliative of a tenuous truce between Arabs and Jews .
The Zionist project of creating a Jewish state in Palestine entails a return of the Jewish people to their ancestral homeland , a land in which Jews lived since biblical times and which the Diaspora never abandoned .
Arabs express their disdain for Zionism by equating the Zionist project to the creation of a colony , to which millions of Jewish settlers have come .
This policy , which Israelis view to be benevolent , supposes that economic integration of Arabs and Jews is possible without modifying the Zionist concept of Israel as a Jewish state .
Instead , they expressed sorrow for the victims -LRB- whether Jewish , Muslim , or British -RRB- and a firm commitment to Turkey 's chosen path .
I do not know if there is a Mandarin equivalent for `` Be careful what you wish for , '' but if there is , it surely applies .
The Internet , one of the great inventions of the modern Western world , has shown itself to be a weapon that can be used to incite and train those who wish to cause harm to that world .
The establishment of a Palestinian state will not be enough for those terrorists who want to see the elimination of the Jewish state , any more than reaching a compromise over Kashmir will satisfy those Pakistan-based terrorists with bigger agendas vis-à-vis India .
It will thus reduce state expenditure on enforcing a widely violated law ; remove marijuana growing and selling from the black market ; enable any adult who wishes to use marijuana to do so ; and introduce a tax on legal marijuana sales that will fill state coffers with revenue that formerly went to illegal growers -LRB- so long as there is no large-scale tax evasion -RRB- .
Both are allegedly endangered : by an EU that wishes to assimilate `` us '' as much as possible ; by the European Commission with its standards ; by NATO , the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank ; by the United Nations ; by foreign capital ; by Western ideologies ; by Eastern mafias ; by American influence ; by Asian or African immigration ; and by God knows what else .
The EU 's embassies in Havana will now craft their guest lists in accordance with the Cuban government 's wishes .
The bomber was Abdullah Asiri , a Saudi citizen and Al-Qaeda member who had returned from Yemen , claiming to have renounced terrorism and wishing to surrender directly to Prince Muhammad in his palace .
In domestic affairs , no German government can avoid the Bundestags powerful committees and commissions , or force them to behave as the government wishes .
Moreover , the opposition , is typically always oriented more toward the next election than to providing support on any single issue for the Chancellor , even an issue that it wishes to promote .
For the only time that long night , I addressed Karadzic directly , telling him that we worked only for President Bill Clinton and that he could call Carter if he wished but that we would leave and that the bombing would intensify .
Addressing the root causes and reducing the impact of displacement should start by heeding victims ' voices -- their needs and wishes must be understood and their rights respected .
Despite more than 700 Pakistani combat deaths , many in Musharraf 's army wish to retain the Taliban as quasi-allies who -- when the Americans leave Afghanistan someday -- will give Pakistan the `` strategic depth '' it needs against India .
What is the link between nostalgia for a simplified and less risky banking sector and the wish to reintroduce a currency system that also seems a relic of the past ?
Cameron now talks about the need for `` a healthier relationship between politicians and media owners . '' And Murdoch apparently is now saying that he wishes that all these prime ministers would `` leave me alone . ''
Naturally , self-awareness of this underlying wish to be sexually attractive is not required . The mechanism works all the same .
In countries with good information about tobacco risks , by the time child smokers become adults , more than 80 % wish they never started .
But there is a broader Reagan-type reasoning at work here : unemployment is high , the economy is not growing fast enough , and we `` need a fiscal stimulus . '' For those who generally like lower taxes , of course , this , too , is wishful thinking .
Some commentators dismiss this as irrational , but , again , that is wishful thinking .
But it amounts to essentially the same thing : when the chips were down , the most powerful governments in the world -LRB- on paper , at least -RRB- deferred again and again to the needs and wishes of people who had lent money to big banks .
But nothing illustrates the radicalism of the new right better than the recent attack by the Fox News commentator Glenn Beck on the financier and philanthropist George Soros . Soros is of Hungarian and Jewish origin , and Beck 's attack , called `` The Puppet-Master ? '' , recycles , almost in carbon copy , the tropes of the most virulent anti-Semitic ideologies of the totalitarian movements of the first half of the twentieth century .
With the exception of international terrorists and remnants of Saddam Hussein 's regime , almost everyone , including Iraqis who eye America 's occupying forces with suspicion , wish to see the task of rebuilding Iraq , both politically and materially , fulfilled .
This will provide China with necessary capabilities to invade , should China 's rulers wish , Japan 's most remote islands , including the disputed Senkaku Islands , as well as Taiwan .
Europe is overcoming state nationalism , while Russia is building a nation state . Broken by history and not wishing to be ravaged by war again , Europeans have embraced compromise and renounced the direct use of force in international relations .
But his recent attempts to use Russia 's energy resources for political coercion in Georgia , Ukraine , Belarus and elsewhere have exposed Russia as an unreliable partner , unnerving even the Chinese , who do not wish to see a reconstituted Russian empire on their border .
Works such as The Red Wheel series of novels , a tedious account of the end of Imperial Russia and the creation of the USSR , or his last book , written in 2001 , entitled Two Hundred Years Together on the history of Russian-Jewish coexistence , seem backward , preachy , conservative , unenlightened , at times even anti-Semitic , and smack of Solzhenitsyn 's own grim authoritarianism .
And from what I know of the man and his history , particularly his work in Hungary after 1989 , I can only wish that my great-grandfather could have met him .
But , to sustain the charade of a strong and prosperous Russia , standing against the predations and hypocrisy of the West , the regime can not be as authoritarian as Putin himself might wish .
Some of this , no doubt , is wishful thinking on the part of economically unsophisticated people .
Jesus worded it positively : `` So in everything , do to others what you would have them do to you . '' Islam , too , has a similar concept : `` None of you believes until he wishes for his brother what he wishes for himself . ''
Finally , Palestinian negotiators must consider the consequences of using their most valuable bargaining chip -- the ability to reject a perceived bad deal -- in terms of its direct effect on Palestinians and the strong possibility of continued expansion of Jewish settlements on Palestinian lands .
Nevertheless , although one-third of the West Bank was closed to Palestinians to make room for a few thousand Jewish settlers , only 10 % of its largely rural population were refugees , many owned their land , and a variety of jobs was available .
Better known by its Arabic acronym , HAMAS , Yasin 's group competed with the secular PLO groups by staging amateurish attacks on Jewish settlers and kidnapping Israeli soldiers .
To be sure , Palestinians and Arabs are also to blame for their inability to empathize , recognize , and understand the plight of the Jewish people .
Attempts at obfuscation -- whether by talking about an `` economic peace , '' or insisting that Arabs recognize the Jewishness of the state of Israel -- should not be allowed to derail the goal of ending the inadmissible occupation .
More than four decades after United Nations Security Council resolution 242 , occupying land by force , illegal construction of exclusive Jewish settlements , and restrictions on movement continue unabated .
Freeze the Settlement Freeze RAMALLAH -- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's decision to approve new Jewish settlements on the eve of a possible settlement freeze is the latest round in a cycle that has been repeated so many times over the past 40 years that it would seem mundane if it were not so dangerous .
Israeli settlers and their supporters then gather even more energy to expand onto more Palestinian land , build more exclusively Jewish settlements , and destroy more Arab homes before the so-called `` freeze '' comes into effect .
In the end , more Jewish settlements appear .
And , while Palestinians and Israelis did reach a secret agreement a few years later that was publicly declared at a White House ceremony , construction of Jewish settlements did n't stop .
In fact , since the 1993 Oslo Accords the number of Jewish settlers in the occupied territories has doubled .
On January 5 , 2007 , the day Prime Minister Ehud Olmert met with US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to discuss a new round of talks , the Israeli Construction and Housing Ministry issued a tender for the construction of more units in Ma'ale Adumim , an exclusively Jewish settlement in the occupied West Bank .
The number of illegal Jewish settlers in Palestinian areas has doubled , leaving Palestinians increasingly convinced that negotiations are a waste of time .
Among the various ideas in circulation , most incorporate former US President Bill Clinton 's call for Jerusalem 's Jewish communities to be part of Israel and the Arab communities to be part of Palestine .
On the contrary , Israeli officials , denying the Palestinians ' assertion that a secret US-Israel agreement exists , clearly intend to continue building Jewish homes in occupied East Jerusalem .
The Israelis want talks without conditions , even though Netanyahu has imposed his own condition on the Palestinians : recognition of Israel as a Jewish state , and acceptance of a demilitarized Palestinian state that does not include Jerusalem and the Jordan valley .
The number of illegal Jewish settlements and settlers has more than doubled in the areas Israel occupied in 1967 .
The United States was even willing to offer a $ 3 billion arms deal to Israel in return for the suspension of building Jewish-only settlements in areas earmarked for the Palestinian state .
Back in 1947 , when the UN General Assembly voted to partition the British Mandate of Palestine into a Jewish state and an Arab state , Jews of the British Mandatory state of Palestine danced in the streets of Tel Aviv .
The realization that withdrawal from populated areas , and thus an end to holding another people under permanent occupation , was necessary to preserve the Jewish nature of Israel clearly brought the two of you to the center of Israeli thinking .
I truly wish you success in your responsibilities as acting Prime Minister and acting head of Kadima .
For years , Ellwanger published anti-Semitic books , such as The Protocols of the Elders of Zion , as well as books of Holocaust denial , such as his own Jewish or German Holocaust : Behind the Lie of the Century .
Hu 's unbridled glorification of `` Mao Zedong Thought , '' coupled with his suppression of dissent in the media , has begun not only to reveal a true authoritarian , but also to belie the wishful thinking of liberals , both inside and outside China , who hoped that Hu would be a reform-minded leader .
Those who impose these restrictions follow a shared logic : they do not wish to see their own populations starve .
Worshippers on their way to synagogue and Jewish kids in schools are routinely accosted as ` Dirty Jews . ' ''
Malmö police say that , of the 115 hate crimes recorded in the city in 2009 , 52 were aimed at Jews or Jewish institutions .
Israel is a specifically Jewish project , and to join the campaign of de-legitimization against the Jewish state is to join a campaign of de-legitimization against much of world Jewry , the vast majority of which either lives in Israel or regards it as a central component of Jewish identity .
We can only know that once all economic players have the opportunity to decide freely on where they wish to place their financial assets .
Just when the world reached a consensus that Ahmadinejad was merely an instrument of the Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Khamenei , Ahmadinejad appointed a Vice-President against Khamenei 's wishes -LRB- though he later retracted the appointment -RRB- .
Other examples come to mind : the accusations of collaboration with the secret police raised against Lech Walesa , Romania 's public controversies surrounding Mircea Eliade 's fascist past , and the attacks on the alleged `` Jewish monopoly of suffering '' which equate the Holocaust with the Soviet Gulag .
In Romania , some leading intellectuals publicly condemned the so-called `` Jewish monopoly of suffering '' -- part of an `` international conspiracy '' that had reached , once again , the territory between the Danube and the Carpathians .
I was amused that the debate focused not on my books , but on issues like the `` Jewish cultural mafia '' and the `` exaggerated '' anti-Semitism of past and present Romania .
In fact , we all are coming to learn that lesson the hard way : digital information almost never goes away , even if we wish that it would .
Second , we could opt to expose our information to a form of digital `` rusting , '' so that it slowly erodes -LRB- and we would need to take proactive steps should we ever wish to recover some of it -RRB- .
The people who rebelled against these injustices were not Africans , but well-wishers from western organizations such as EITI , the US aid agency Catholic Relief Services -LRB- CRS -RRB- , and Global Witness .
On the contrary , wishful thinking led experts to adduce `` discontinuation symptoms '' as evidence of the effectiveness of vital remedies .
In 1945 , an estimated two million women were victims of the Red Army 's sexual cruelties -- not only German women , but also Jewish women in hiding , concentration camp survivors , and resistance fighters .
Above all , it is not acceptable for the world of sport to impose a moral view about the role of enhancement technology on nations that wish to participate in the Olympics , without implementing an extensive and ongoing consultative process to accompany its policy decision .
This shift is ominous , because it frees regulatory bodies to require any amount and kind of testing that they wish .
While the UMNO still trumpets its Islamic advocacy , the party is facing difficult choices , particularly as it wishes to maintain foreign investment in an increasingly polarized environment .
The world in which we live may be moving toward the multi-polarity wished for by French President Jacques Chirac , but not necessarily in a successful and stable way .
The idea that the Chinese regime would quickly reform the country into an open , moderate , and benevolent giant was either a fraud , a gigantic misperception , or wishful thinking .
They are in fact secretly wishing that in these tough economic times , at least part of the `` culture of hope '' incarnated by Obama would reverberate on them and transform them for the better .
A majority of Israelis are even more convinced today than they were yesterday that they can count only on themselves and , at the margin , on the Jewish Diaspora .
Do they wish to extend to the Turkish Northern Cyprus the evident benefits that they derive from membership in the European Union , which came in 2004 ?
Today , France 's black minority is trying to organize itself along the lines of the Jewish minority .
The first is a yellowish , wrinkled copy from November 7 , 1987 .
And every country should think very carefully about what it wishes to communicate about itself .
Others wish that Germany could be like Switzerland and retreat from a complex world that poses too many moral challenges .
Some social scientists are wary of calling attention to the reality of disproportionate Jewish economic success for fear of arousing anti-Semitism , or contributing to conspiratorial theories about Jewish economic dominance .
The agreement signed in early April in Prague between Russia and the United States on the reduction of strategic nuclear weapons and possibly on further cuts was accompanied by the publication of the US Nuclear Posture Review , identifying the nuclear capabilities that Obama 's administration wishes to preserve for the next four years .
So critics of the indictment should at least be made to bear the burden of demonstrating to the Security Council that a peace settlement is likely if they wish the Council to act .
But as the ancient Greeks used to say , those whom the gods will destroy , they grant their wishes .
But I think that there is more wishful thinking than hardheaded logic among those calling for a `` color revolution . ''
That can happen with anyone , but it is still no reason for revolution , which is always better wished on someone else than on yourself .
The law would permit marital rape , limit women 's movements -- say , for work or study -- without male permission , and even make it illegal for a woman to refuse to dress as her husband wishes .
In the West , the counterpoint to the notion of woman as property has been a highly individualistic demand for personal autonomy -- decision-making based primarily on a woman 's own wishes , rather than as wife , mother , community member , or worshipper .
None of this means that men and women should not try to adjust to each other 's wishes , ask for shared responsibility with housework , or expect to be `` heard . ''
Anyone can produce a wish list , but effective visions combine inspiration with feasibility .
Iran has threatened to leave the NPT if sanctions are imposed , and Russia and China worry that even modest targeted sanctions could escalate and ultimately legitimize an American use of force that they wish to avoid .
Countries that wish to develop nuclear energy but not nuclear bombs should be given international guarantees of fuel supply and disposal of spent fuel .
If anything , some of Obama 's Democratic supporters wish he would show more emotion in responding to criticism .
The US can not alone hunt down every suspected Al Qaeda leader . Nor can it launch a war whenever it wishes without alienating other countries .
Instead , Yi Gang , China 's director of state administration of foreign exchange , explained that `` Chinese investments in US Treasuries are market investment behavior , and we do n't wish to politicize them . '' Otherwise , the pain would be mutual .
Others believe that China will wish to impose its own mark and create its own international institutional system as its power increases .
Singapore has invested enough in its military defense to make itself seem as indigestible as `` a poisoned shrimp '' to neighbors that it wishes to deter .
Yet now , Lukashenko wishes to harness entrepreneurship and foreign direct investment in a bid to modernize the economy .
But , unlike either Iran or Syria , Turkey genuinely wishes to see a strong and representative government in Baghdad .
It is mostly Jewish , though a young Arab professional class is now coming out of the universities and making its way -- with difficulties -- into the heartland of civil society .
And , lest we forget , Middle Israel is earning the money and paying the taxes that support a wide assortment of traditionalists , fundamentalists , chauvinists , and other extremists -- Jewish and Muslim -- from Gaza to Jerusalem to the West Bank .
They erred gravely in allowing Jewish settlers to have their way on the Biblical mountaintops , while Middle Israel looked the other way .
Jerusalem will be divided , Palestinian refugees will not return to their ancestral homes , and Jewish settlements in the West Bank will , like their Gaza counterparts , be dismantled or -LRB- inconceivably -RRB- left to fend for themselves .
She represents the civic values that have been common to many `` middle Israelis '' ever since Theodore Herzl first put them in writing : the Jewish state must be modern and democratic to the core .
But , for now , Middle Israel is conducting its creative and affluent life alongside an assortment of Muslim and Jewish fanatics , many of whom are sponsored by the moderate middle 's tax money .
If other democracies boast Right , Center and Left , we have Jewish and Arab parties , secular and religious , peacenik and hard-line , socialist and free-market .
The fact that the flotilla did not carry only `` peace activists , '' but also many people who wish to see Israel destroyed and Israelis perish , is no reason to drop soldiers upon them .
And it has muddied the Jewish moral legacy demanding the active pursuit of both justice and peace .
The destruction of wealth also destroys collateral , which means that even those who wish to borrow can not .
Which leaders will teach the facts of life to the more extreme members of the Jewish diaspora in America ?
Americans , too , Chinese officials should remember , have `` face '' that they do not wish to lose .
But , from the moment that the Pope arrived in Scotland , he was overwhelmed by enthusiastic crowds of well-wishers , Catholic and non-Catholic alike .
Europe 's foundations lie not just in Aristotle , reason , and classical Greece , and not just in Rome with its understanding of the importance of the law , but also in Jerusalem and the Abrahamic faith groups -- Christian , Jewish , and Muslim .
Likewise , there are hard-line Jews , such as the settler groups who drive Palestinians from their homes in East Jerusalem and Hebron , who have forgotten the early teachings of Jewish scholars who argued that strangers should be treated like your own people .
Jewish fundamentalists obstruct any peace process that is left in the Middle East and build more illegal settlements .
Jewish fundamentalists believe that Israel 's critics are anti-Semitic or , in the case of Jewish opponents of Israel 's harder-line policies , `` self-hating Jews . ''
How do we manage our relationship with Iran , which may -- or may not -- wish to develop a military nuclear capability as well as civil nuclear power ?
If such a right were recognized , there would be a Palestinian majority instead of a Jewish majority , which would mean the end of the Jewish state .
This is a demographic , not a religious , question : an Arab state is where the Arabs are the majority , and the Jewish state is where the Jews are the majority .
It will also have to accept the wish of the huge majority of Palestinians for a peaceful settlement with Israel .
But what if these people get their wishes , and NATO collapses and Islamists triumph ?
Denial of the fear of mortality and projection of the suppressed wish to transcend nature are the marks of a masked effort to create a biomedical science at war with its own stated purposes .
The problem is not that science and medicine wish to avoid finding cures ; it is that they are too strongly motivated by an irrational , unconscious need to cure death to be fully motivated by the lesser task of preventing and curing disease in order to delay their patients ' -- and their own -- inevitable ends .
Ronald Lauder , president of the World Jewish Congress , said that that body saw the resolution as weakening `` the rights of individuals to express their views . ''
If the OIC wishes to change many people 's perception that Islam violates human rights , suppressing freedom of speech is hardly the best way to go about it .
Coincidentally , in the same week that Germany and the World Jewish Congress rejected the idea that defamation of religion is an affront to human dignity , and upheld the right to freedom of expression , Germany 's highest court issued its ruling on a case brought by a Jewish organization , and two Jewish individuals .
The posters bear the heading : `` To Animals , All People are Nazis '' -- a line from the Polish-born Jewish writer Isaac Bashevis Singer .
Israel 's first prime minister , David Ben Gurion , inaugurated the enterprise to compensate for Israel 's strategic vulnerability , a fledgling army , and the West 's unwillingness to enter into a formal alliance to defend the Jewish state .
For the Jewish state , military strikes have suggested another lesson .
The only worse stain on Israel would be if survivors of an Iranian nuclear strike were to lament that , had their country acted proactively , `` the third destruction of the Temple '' -- the end of the Jewish state -- could have been avoided .
We wish to strengthen the EU 's ability to solve the problems of the member states .
Despite some of the more fevered declarations made by Kouchner and other human rights activists , states do not tend to behave altruistically , and electorates do not tend to wish to see their sons and daughters kill and die in altruistic wars .
Many French wish that such self-discipline could rub off on Sarkozy .
They have to do the best with what they have instead of wishing they could transform their society wholesale .
The economic and political obstacles that block deep integration can not be wished away by exhortations .
Even though some , such as the British , wished to give the Union as little power as possible , the force of the argument was with those who pressed for political integration alongside economic integration .
By contrast , the SEC is a rule-generating institution of the type that civil-law countries like France or Germany would have little difficulty creating if they wished to .
In any case , let 's wish him luck .
America Goes from Teacher to Student Cambridge &#45; &#45; As the United States ' epic financial crisis continues to unfold , one can only wish that US policymakers were half as good at listening to advice from developing countries as they are at giving it .
Unfortunately , the conventional post-mortem on Lehman is wishful thinking . It basically says that no matter how huge the housing bubble , how deep a credit hole the United States -LRB- and many other countries -RRB- had dug , and how convoluted the global financial system , we could have just grown our way out of trouble . Patch up Lehman , move on , keep drafting off of China 's energy , and nothing bad ever need have happened .
Perhaps this was just wishful thinking from a man who will die in prison after his own record-breaking $ 50 billion pyramid scheme collapsed in 2008 .
`` Who else is in a position to say such things to Iran 's president ? '' asked a top Brazilian diplomat by way of justifying a dialogue that has been sharply criticized by Brazil 's Jewish community , which is emphatically opposed to Lula 's proposed trip to Teheran , scheduled for May .
But the small countries now wishing to join the eurozone , which together make up 6 % of the zone 's economy , can not impose significant damage on existing members were they to get convergence wrong , let alone anything like the damage caused by Germany joining with an overvalued currency .
This means that the coalition can not do whatever it wishes with Saddam 's henchmen and war criminals .
But this reading is largely wishful thinking by those who support secession .
The judges rightly held that there is no international rule preventing a group from stating its intention or wish to form a state .
Having the army uproot Jewish settlements - with inevitable scenes of settlers resisting and being dragged off - will be a traumatic event for the country .
Its leaders squabbled , regarding themselves as the sole possible rulers and engaging in wishful thinking that some external factor would hand them whatever they wanted .
A key question is whether the Palestinian masses , fed up with their leadership 's bickering , corruption , and incompetence , could make their wishes known to find an end to a conflict that has cost them so much .
In fact , a wide variety of small political groups , including three Jewish religious parties , Arab parties , and a pensioners ' party won seats .
Islamic militants killed Anwar Sadat , the Egyptian peacemaker , while a Jewish militant killed Yitzhak Rabin , the would-be Israeli peacemaker .
To a large extent , the US crisis was actually made by the Fed , helped by the wishful thinking of the Bush administration .
Both parties therefore cater to their wishes .
It is time for the rich countries to respect the wishes of the poor in getting such a trade round off the ground .
For them , Israel 's pre-1967 borders , the entire city of Jerusalem , and the West Bank of the Jordan River is land given to the Jewish people by God .
Three decades later , millions of chastened Iranians wish they could relive those heady days differently ; their Pakistani counterparts would be wise to heed their hindsight .
Nigerian officials and the public wish to see the external debt burden lifted , especially because a big part of it is `` odious '' -- contracted by dictators , with a large degree of creditor complicity .
This is the right approach for those in China 's leadership who wish to extract maximum benefits from the WTO to bolster domestic reform .
But NATO leaders will also lift their eyes from the immediate challenges of the day , and discuss a fundamental strategic question as well : how to use NATO to its fullest potential as a platform for holding political discussions and building transatlantic consensus across the wide range of the issues where Europe and North America share common interests and wish to defend common values .
They must also freely be able to discuss the future and what kind of society they wish to see rise from the ashes of Mao 's revolution .
I make these somewhat critical observations about China not with any sense of moral superiority or a wish to relieve myself of the responsibility to level the same critique at my own country 's recent failures .
In contrast , if the answer is yes , the informed counselees themselves have to decide if they wish to be tested or not .
It is no exaggeration to say that a large majority of member states and their citizens has already expressed its wish for this vision of the EU by voting for the Constitutional Treaty .
Indeed , Mr Tung 's anticipatory subservience to the real or imagined wishes of China 's rulers exposed the congenital flaw in the political architecture of uniting a liberal society with a dictatorship .
If China 's rulers heed the wishes of Hong Kong 's seven million people to have the right to elect their own leaders through direct elections , however , they face the prospect that China 's 1.3 billion people will demand the same right .
At that point , China might wish it had never heard of Tung Chee-hwa .
Indeed , it might wish it had never secured Hong Kong 's return .
We do not grow up wishing to work for crooks and liars .
The rest of us thought that these institutions could instill the wisdom , insight , and character of which we all wished we had more .
China might itself wish to be a major force in a multi-polar world , but has been plagued by its lack of overall strength .
While the ceasefire remains popular -- albeit increasingly tenuous in light of recent events -- few Palestinians wish to see the Palestinian Authority permanently break the back of the armed resistance forces .
As psychologists have shown , people are susceptible to `` wishful thinking bias , '' wishing away possible future problems that they would rather not think about .
Living a long time is one of our deepest wishes , and medical and economic progress offers the hope that it will be fulfilled .
But what if our wish is granted ?
Most of the popular attention that the `` superstar cities '' theory has received merely reflects the psychology of the housing boom that we have been seeing , as well as a wishful thinking bias .
In an interview , she stated her only wish : to fly to Mars , even with a one-way ticket .
It was an implicit wish for a spectacular form of suicide , for a spectacularly prosaic reason : the loss , experienced by thousands of Russian women of her generation , of her life 's existential foundation .
But it hardly wishes to colonize the frozen wastes of Siberia . In fact , Siberia is not much different from China 's own almost empty mountain\/desert borderlands , where even agriculture is a daunting task .
The prime concern for the EU bureaucracy is to find compromises that meet the wishes of member states , and to accommodate often divergent and contradictory national preferences .
It even happened when I watched An Inconvenient Truth : on a warm evening , the cinema was so chilly that I wished I had brought a jacket .
That document states that to refuse a burdensome medical treatment `` is not the equivalent of suicide . '' On the contrary , such a refusal `` should be considered an acceptance of the human condition , or a wish to avoid the application of a medical procedure disproportionate to the results that can be expected , or a desire not to impose excessive expense on the family or the community . ''
Golubchuk 's doctors thought it best not to prolong his life , but his children , arguing that discontinuing life-support would violate their Orthodox Jewish beliefs , obtained a court order compelling the doctors to keep their father alive .
Normally , when patients are unable to make decisions about their treatment , the family 's wishes should be given great weight .
But a family 's wishes should not override doctors ' ethical responsibility to act in the best interests of their patients .
The other important issue raised by Golubchuk 's case is how far a publicly-funded health care system such as Canada 's has to go to satisfy the family 's wishes .
The use of the term `` slavery '' in relation to something that it is wrong to do to animals is especially significant , for until now it has been assumed that animals are rightly our slaves , to use as we wish , whether to pull our carts , be models of human diseases for research , or produce eggs , milk , or flesh for us to eat .
But then Hwang 's collaborators began questioning the validity of the experiment itself , and Hwang notified Science that he wished to withdraw the paper .
The Unknown Promise of Internet Freedom MELBOURNE -- Google has withdrawn from China , arguing that it is no longer willing to design its search engine to block information that the Chinese government does not wish its citizens to have .
More controversially , the lower house of the Dutch parliament passed a law giving the Jewish and Islamic communities a year to provide evidence that animals slaughtered by traditional methods do not experience greater pain than those that are stunned before they are killed .
We should wish the effort well , and hope that ultimately the goal becomes global , rather than merely national , happiness .
It is both demeaning and tedious to treat an arriving US president as a stars-and-stripes Santa Claus , to be presented with lengthy wish lists .
Whoever wishes to grow bio-fuels on land that was previously used for food production must recognize that this would increase food prices , harming the poorest of the poor .
In the end , she will probably give in to Sarkozy 's wishes in order to avoid endangering her chances of re-election in September because of a conflict with the French .
But the European debt crisis will not disappear into thin air by virtue of wishful thinking .
One Jewish professor at a Munich university actually compared Müntefering 's language to Nazi slogans .
Even Marx knew that the iron laws of economics could not be overcome by wishful thinking .
The party resorted to anti-Semitic propaganda , pointing to the Jewish ancestry of some of the student leaders .
Until recently , anyone who wished to bring a human-rights case against the British government had to go to France .
Those whom the gods would destroy , they grant their wishes .
Is Europe really ready to undertake such an effort if its wish for a Kerry victory comes true ?
Until the dust settles on the new Middle East , the old roadmaps seem dated , and conventional wisdom holds that progress toward a peace agreement in the face of regional upheaval is wishful thinking .
And , two days later , Ecevit was in Helsinki to declare formally Turkey 's wish to become an EU member .
As de Gaulle wished , the French president has powers without equal in any other Western democracy .
I recognize that the system is imperfect , and I wish there were a different way to level the playing field .
At a golden wedding anniversary one may wish that , now , everything should really start in earnest .
As the words inscribed on an execution sword in Munster put it : `` When I raise this sword , I wish the poor sinner eternal life . ''
The people of the Czech Republic , like most Europeans , wish to jointly build an irreversible system of mutual relationships among states , regions , municipalities , and their inhabitants .
Let there be no mistake : Georgia 's new leaders face daunting economic , political , and constitutional challenges in the years ahead . But Russia wishes them success .
Similarly , until the AKP came to power and began to loosen restrictions , it was virtually impossible in Turkey to create a new church or synagogue , or to create a Jewish or Christian foundation .
Given the difficulty of coming up with even $ 10 billion a year -- let alone the $ 200 billion a year that is needed for mitigation and adaptation -- it is wishful thinking to expect an agreement along these lines .
No one would wish the trauma that Argentina went through in 1999-2002 on any other country .
In World War II , German corporations were all too willing to profit from the slave labor of those in concentration camps , and Swiss banks were happy to pocket the gold of Jewish victims of Nazi terror .
At the very least , this shows that markets by themselves do not quickly work to ensure that there is a job for everyone who wishes to work .
The US had made it clear that it would abide by only one outcome at the UN -- a principle under which no democratic body can operate , for to insist that a decision must accord with the wishes of one member is dictatorship . Subsequent events have shown how difficult it is -- even for the strongest country in the world -- to impose a stable democratic regime .
Moreover , China does not wish to see the DPP and its aggressively pro-independence leaders return to power .
But , while the AU 's dispatch of Mbeki demonstrates serious engagement , it should not lead to a negotiated solution or a compromise that thwarts the wishes of a majority of Ivorians . Indeed , in recent years an unfortunate trend has emerged in African politics : losing candidates , unhappy with their election results , unleash violence until the only option for mediators is to grant them a continued role in government .
For many Indians , the temptation to identify with Israel was strengthened by the terrorists ' seizure of Mumbai 's Jewish Center -LRB- the Lubavitcher Chabad house -RRB- and the painful awareness that India and Israel share many of the same enemies .
Yet , when Indians watch Israel take the fight to the enemy , killing those who launched rockets against it and dismantling many of the sites from which the rockets flew , some can not resist wishing that they could do something similar in Pakistan .
Though the big parties are broadly committed to continuing an economic policy of liberalization and growth , the BJP is mostly focused on the well-being of India 's merchant class , whereas Congress wishes to redistribute enhanced government revenues to the poor through generous social programs .
The left , which would strongly influence any `` third front '' government , are staunchly opposed to economic liberalization and wish to strengthen , rather than dilute , India 's large public sector .
It comes from one simple fact : do n't try to telephone an Afghan at 8:30 in the evening . That 's when the Indian TV soap opera `` Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi '' , dubbed into Dari , is telecast on Tolo TV , and no one wishes to miss it .
But , as an Indian , I do not wish to pretend that we can compete in the global growth stakes with China .
Unfortunately , while angry protesters have sometimes forced unwelcome rulers out of power , they have been unable to replace tyrants with governments that respect the public 's wishes .
The West must recognize where Russia stands on history 's timeline and not seek to wish this away .
Rafal Lemkin , the Polish-Jewish lawyer who established the concept of `` genocide '' and invented the term , would have disagreed : he called the Ukrainian famine a classic case of Soviet genocide .
When Nazi Germany invaded the western Soviet Union , the Germans kept the collective farms intact , rightly seeing them as the instrument that would allow them to divert Ukrainian food for their own purposes , and starve whom they wished .
At worst , they may even wish to kill me . But the government will never destroy the spirit of the people to reclaim their rights and power .
CAPE TOWN -- Eliminating nuclear weapons is the democratic wish of the world 's people .
Alas , this view is based more on wishful-thinking than on reality .
Many who support Yanukovich do not necessarily wish to go back to the old days but are confused by the buffeting they have received in the past decade .
Many observers regard these relations as a signal not just to the region , but to the rest of the world , of the sort of power that Russia wishes to be .
To believe that such a vision can work for Russia , Ukraine , and Europe is not wishful thinking , but rests on the successful experience of France and Germany in promoting amity .
The Ukraine president is authorized to appoint and sack the prime minister , dissolve parliament if he wishes , and rule by decree if he judges that the country 's institutions are in danger .
But perhaps finance ministers in Lima , Bogota , Pretoria , or Jakarta should have been more careful about what they wished for .
Either way , the result can be an environment hostile to people and businesses wishing to use new technologies .
But is the particular relationship between church and state at the time of the French and American Revolutions the model that Europe wishes to propagate in the rest of the world today ?
This may explain why both Muslim and orthodox Jewish women not only describe a sense of being liberated by their modest clothing and covered hair , but also express much higher levels of sensual joy in their married lives than is common in the West .
Men report handling of their testicles and penises , TSA officials are instructed to open and peer down waistbands , and YouTube is now rife with videos of frightened children being -- to describe it accurately -- sexually molested , though this is the last thing most TSA officials wish to do .
If one makes a serious criminal accusation , one must wish to be treated -- and one must treat oneself -- as a moral adult .
But even that may be wishful thinking .
Alternatively , it may be that the SNB mostly wishes to talk the franc down to break the safe-haven effect .
Instead , Russia is ruled by `` yes men '' who are only able to agree and echo : `` As you say , Mr. Prime Minister ... '' ; `` As you wish , Mr. President ... '' One reason is that the country 's leadership now appears to be digesting the same garbage information it feeds to the public .
From the beginning , there was no intention to damage the identity of the native-born Arabs , or to merge it with the traditional Jewish identity .
Discussion about the `` de-Zionization '' of Israel can also be heard at universities worldwide and even among Jewish leftists .
When the world 's nations decided in favor of the creation of an independent Jewish state , they did not designate it only for the 600,000 Jews then living there .
Rather , they intended that Israel would help solve the Jewish problem everywhere in the world by enabling every Jew who wished to leave the diaspora to do so .
It is possible that in the Palestinian state there would be a small Jewish minority , consisting of West Bank settlers whose attachment to the Biblical homeland is so intense that they would be willing to live under Palestinian control -- provided that the Palestinians would grant them Palestinian citizenship .
During the early years of Zionism , the great Jewish scholar Gershom Scholem -- who was born in Berlin -- said that the Jews were embarking on a difficult journey , a return to history .
Opponents of the truce predict , -- indeed , wish -- that it will be short-lived .
Jewish settlers act outside of the law and commit provocative acts harming Palestinians , rarely incurring any penal sanctions .
Ever since its great military victory in the Six-Day War of 1967 , when it repelled the combined armies of Egypt , Syria , and Jordan , which had openly proclaimed their desire to destroy the Jewish state , Israel has been in the throes of an ideological and military confusion resulting from the conquests it made during that conflict .
To be sure , when a peace treaty was signed with Egypt , Jewish settlers were forcibly evacuated from the Sinai .
Similarly , when Jewish communities in the Gaza Strip became unsupportable , the leader of the right , Ariel Sharon , forced out the 9,000 settlers who lived there among 1.5 million Palestinians -- a dramatic event that has left deep scars on both sides .
He also proves his profound friendship for the Jewish state .
But the other condition demanded by Netanyahu , that the Palestinians recognize the right of the Jewish people to their own state , or the existence of the Jewish nation , is completely arbitrary .
First , the question of Jewish nationality is , in fact , very complicated , even for Jews themselves , as many consider themselves Jewish only in a religious sense .
Second , the Palestinians ' refusal to recognize Israel as a Jewish state is motivated by , among other things , the presence of a Palestinian minority in Israel .
But relations between Israel 's Jewish majority and Arab minority is an internal , delicate question in which it is not wise to involve Palestinians outside of Israel .
Even less did the Nazis kill Jews because of their ideological differences -- Jews had no peculiarly `` Jewish '' ideology .
Modern Israel is also not like the weak Jewish communities dispersed throughout Europe in the past .
And any attempt to destroy militarily Iran 's nuclear potential could entangle Israel in a prolonged and exhausting struggle that might unite all the enemies of the Jewish state .
A united front of Israelis and Palestinians could push the Iranian people , who until recently maintained good relations with the Jewish state , to rebel against the folly that seems to have taken hold of their leaders .
North Korea 's new boldness may reflect Kim Jong-il 's wish to polish the 26-year-old Kim Jong-un 's image as a strong and decisive leader .
True , commerce ministry officials recently declared their wish to see a further fall of China 's trade surplus in 2010 .
Once , at a traditional ceremony , in which an infant child receives his tribal name , I watched the proud father and a half dozen male friends dance together before a crowd of well-wishers .
Schwarzenegger is a Republican , so Democrats privately wish him to fail .
