But a collaborative India-Pakistan effort to stabilize the country could work wonders .
Considering the evidence on display in Iraq , Syrian leaders must be wondering whether the Bush administration is capable of thinking in these terms .
Hamas won 76 of 132 seats in the Palestinian Legislative Council , and can count on support from four independent deputies .
Overall , that 's 60 % of the seats in Parliament , won in nearly every district in the West Bank and Gaza .
Little wonder , then , that Argentina 's current crisis is so harsh : the portion of its economy that can generate the export revenues necessary to repay foreign debt is too small .
Teach young people some basic marketing skills and then send them out to Argentina 's embassies . They will work wonders , unlike the cheap talk of Ambassador Amadeo at Washington dinner tables .
Little wonder , then , that voters in Central and Eastern Europe now feel that they got a poor bargain from the governments that brought them in : belt tightening , labor market restrictions , and the notorious barrage of EU regulation .
Over the years , he has won important victories limiting state aid to business , one of Europe 's most pernicious economic maladies .
One wonders what would have happened if Luzhkov needed to face re-election -LRB- his term expires in October 2011 -RRB- .
Pinochet 's ability to evade the courts cast a dark shadow over the country 's military institutions and made many Chileans wonder how far the country had really gone in its transition to democracy .
Yet many still wonder , `` Will Pinochet ever pay for his deeds ? ''
Yet , when parliamentary elections were held in 1991 -- more than two years after the constitution was adopted -- the Islamic Salvation Front still won .
However , Yushchenko did carry several Russian-speaking regions , notably the capital Kiev , and Yanukovich won most in the authoritarian Donetsk and Luhansk regions furthest to the east .
In the European Parliament elections in June 2009 , center-right parties won a majority in all ten eastern EU countries , and center-right parties now govern in nine of them , with Slovenia the sole exception .
This year , responsible center-right parties have won three surprise victories -- in the Czech Republic , Slovakia , and Latvia .
The new Czech foreign minister , Karel Schwarzenberg , stated : `` We won by telling the truth .
LONDON -- With the Tunisian and Egyptian regimes gone and street protests roiling cities from Algiers to Tehran , many people are now wondering which domino might fall next .
Only in this way can this war against the world of the Enlightenment , which is the modern world that stretches across all the oceans and , yes , embraces all its faiths , be won .
The abduction of an Israeli soldier in the Gaza Strip , as well as the abduction and subsequent murder of an 18-year old Israeli civilian in the West Bank , have brought to the fore that question , which has haunted Israeli-Palestinian relations since Hamas won parliamentary elections in January .
Likewise , Peretz , a rabble-rousing but effective trade unionist , surprised all when he won the Labor Party 's leadership primary and then chose the defense portfolio over the treasury .
That question preoccupies not only speculators tracking the dollar 's decline , but ordinary businessmen who wonder what currency to use when invoicing imports or exports .
In Slovakia , the reformist leader Mikulá¨ Dzurinda won the 1998 elections after having implemented a tough stabilization program , and he could have continued to govern after the 2006 elections if not for disagreements in his coalition .
Despite this , Racan won his vote of confidence and secured a modicum of stability within his cabinet .
These were among the many incremental victories Zhao won to help China 's people break out of the suffocating stagnation of Maoist socialism .
Saleh won at the time , but today al-Ahmar 's troops have control .
Good Capitalism , Bad Capitalism Many people assumed that when the Berlin Wall fell in 1989 , `` capitalism '' had won the ideological cold war and that `` communism '' had lost .
For such a mechanism to work well , it must link the number of assignments won by raters , and thus their compensation , to appropriate measures of their performance .
When boundaries were negotiated for Three Parallel Rivers Park -- designated a UNESCO World Heritage site in 2003 -- local authorities won a fight to exclude Tiger Leaping Gorge , knowing that a dam there would triple tax revenues .
Even die-hard cynics were won over by Prime Minister Wen Jiabao 's emotional comforting of the survivors .
This alliance was so vital an objective for Sadat that one may rightly wonder what came first in his strategy .
It has been a sadly recurrent condition of the Arab-Israeli conflict that no war lost by a humiliated Arab side has ever ushered in a peace settlement , just as no war overwhelmingly won by Israel has ever led its leaders to be magnanimous in victory .
Such a war could be won only by the total destruction of Lebanon by Israel 's air force .
The obstinate battle cry of the Bush administration in Iraq has now won out in Obama 's planned surge of an additional 30,000 troops in Afghanistan .
Indeed , the last war that Israel won `` elegantly '' -- in the way that Netanyahu imagines that wars should be won -- began from the supposedly `` indefensible '' 1967 lines .
It is especially ironic that , in stark contrast to his own rhetoric , Bush 's call for a Middle East peace conference is a call to wage war against the party , Hamas , that won a democratic election , and to make peace with the loser , Fatah .
In the debate over the Guantanamo Bay prisoners and the Geneva Convention America 's realists have , once again , won out over America 's ideologues .
While some important victories have been won in this war , for lack of US leadership one battle has already been lost - the definition of the enemy .
The feedback from several voters was that we had won handily because we had the `` arguments and the evidence , '' whereas our opponents had `` assertions and invective . ''
The middle class likes the tone , but wonders how different the program is from what they hear from the neo-liberal right .
She has been called the `` Queen of Elections , '' in particular since she won a campaign in 2006 after being slashed with a box cutter by a deranged man .
Otherwise , countries risk losing their hard-won gains .
A possible explanation for the government 's inaction over the past two and half years is that the measures agreed upon within the coalition that won the 2008 elections were not tailored to a country entering a major recession .
It is no surprise that the US has not won their support .
Since 1981 , no poll favorite has won the presidency .
Yet , given the sheer scale of military spending today , one can wonder if it is rational .
That assessment is stunning , yet few American leaders -- Democrats and Republicans alike -- appear to be wondering if military power is the best answer to security issues .
Although Mitterrand did stand firm with the US on the stationing of Pershing missiles in Europe in the early 1980 's , which won him respect from President Ronald Reagan , by this point the Gaullist consensus on the fundamentals of French foreign policy had spread across all political groups .
Little wonder , then , that ordinary citizens consider a recession over only when the economy has returned to `` normal , '' which means that incomes are rising and jobs are no longer desperately scarce .
STANFORD -- California has long been a harbinger of national and global trends -LRB- both wonderful and overindulgent -RRB- , a birthplace of innovation in everything from technology and entertainment to lifestyles .
British Prime Minister David Cameron -LRB- who leads , as Harper did until recently , a center-right coalition government -RRB- , likewise won on a platform to roll back the excesses of the welfare state .
As Ukraine 's agonizing struggle for democracy continues , Europeans wonder if the politics of principle can ever eclipse the politics of power .
But as China 's leaders begin final preparations for the Games next August , they may be wondering if hosting the event was such a good idea after all .
China has changed since it `` won '' the 2008 games seven years ago .
The country 's Orange opposition movement has recently won key posts in parliament and , for the moment , is heeding calls for calm from former United nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan and representatives of the African Union .
In April 2007 , Yar ` Adua won a disputed landslide presidential victory .
Northern Muslims wonder why Soludo , a southern Christian , believes the government should horde excess cash that could be spent to relieve poverty among their constituents .
Greece 's troubles have encouraged some to wonder aloud if the euro zone can survive its growing internal imbalances .
Iraqiya won the largest share of seats in the March 2010 parliamentary elections , yet its leader , former Prime Minister Ayad Allawi , will not return to his old job .
But in 2010 , with Yushchenko 's popularity at an all-time low , Yanukovych won a vote that international observers pronounced free and fair .
Such talks , Turkey fears , would offer tacit acknowledgement that Iraqi Kurds have won a degree of autonomy from Baghdad .
That election , however , was won by Tymoshenko , who has parlayed her return to power into a commanding lead in the polls for the coming presidential election .
Launching losing wars may make Islamists feel good , but being defeated is a costly proposition , for their arrogance and belligerence antagonizes many who might otherwise be won over to their cause .
Whatever happens to the debt , Brazil 's democracy won big in this election .
Indeed , the prime minister 's team won at least one major contract -- for the sale of military aircraft worth more than a billion dollars .
The English , who escaped occupation by a hostile power , and still believe they won World War II alone -LRB- well , with a little help from the Yanks -RRB- , still have a militaristic streak .
When France won the World Cup in 1998 , the French liked to point out the ethnic diversity of their team .
Fear and Loathing in Europe Two far-right parties , the Austrian Freedom Party and the Movement for Austria 's Future , won 29 % of the vote in the latest Austrian general election , double their total in the 2006 election .
Hardliners , who refused to give up their monopoly on power , won .
Ahmedinejad won the election , but the regime is weakened as a result .
So it is no wonder that a left-wing internationalist , such as French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner , has found a kind of home for his idealism in Nicolas Sarkozy 's conservative government .
The French football heroes who won the World Cup in 1998 included men of African and Arab origin , and they were proud of it .
Combine this with China 's bullying of Japan , by blocking the export of rare-earth metals vital for Japanese industry , over a few uninhabited islands between Taiwan and Okinawa , and its refusal to let the renminbi appreciate , and one must wonder why China is being so heavy-handed in its foreign relations .
This was French policy after the Islamic Salvation Front -LRB- FIS -RRB- won the first round of elections in Algeria in December 1991 . France supported a military coup the following year .
It was also the policy of the US after Hamas won the Palestinian elections in 2006 . Hamas was not recognized .
Unfortunately , this type of pressure could not work in China when its people demanded what other Asians had won .
In Poland , once the battle against Communism was won , the Solidarity movement was soon sundered by conflicts between secular democrats and believers who looked to the Church for guidance .
People gathered at his tomb earlier this year chanted `` We won the Civil War ! '' , while denouncing socialists and foreigners , especially Muslims .
But there are reasons to wonder whether continued efforts at polio eradication -- as opposed to aggressive and effective disease management and control -- is the right course to follow .
Having won some of their freedom , Latin America 's people should not be forced to pay the high price implied by their leaders ' failure to open forbidden issues to debate .
Support for President Evo Morales , who won 53 % of the vote in December 2005 , represented a demand for democratic coexistence , social change , and national unity .
The facts are hard to dispute ; indeed , the historical record is now so stark that diehard Republicans are probably starting to wonder if there is a curse .
This gross mistreatment of the Palestinians in Gaza was escalated dramatically by Israel , with United States backing , after political candidates representing Hamas won a majority of seats in the Palestinian Authority parliament in 2006 .
India may or may not be the world 's next economic wonder ; but it will have to solve its age-old problems , as well as its new ones , if it is going to be a good place to live for the vast majority of its citizens .
He may not have won by more than a percentage point and his 36 % of the vote is hardly a mandate .
Calderón means continuity ; that 's probably why he won , and that is what Mexico needs .
Calderón ran on Fox 's coat-tails , but without any Fox entourage , and he won ... big-time .
The extremely tight race -- Calderón won by 0.5 % of the vote -- and the profound disappointment suffered by López Obrador and his supporters led them to contest the ruling of Mexico 's electoral authorities , and to refuse to acknowledge Calderón 's victory .
Latin America 's oldest standing two-party system was decimated in that election , as the Polo Democrático presidential candidate won more votes than the Liberal Party 's contender , finally giving electoral expression to left-wing forces that had never been able to see more potential for change at the ballot box than by fighting in the mountains .
Latin America 's oldest standing two-party system was decimated in that election , as the Polo Democrático presidential candidate won more votes than the Liberal Party 's contender , finally giving electoral expression to left-wing forces that had never been able to see more potential for change at the ballot box than by fighting in the mountains .
Now , the same people who certified that last year 's vote was free and fair , and that Calderón had indeed won , are being fired for exactly that reason .
In a showdown over the composition of the cabinet just before his inauguration on June 1 , the FMLN old guard won , threatening to take the conflict to the streets .
It was a war that Calderón should not have declared , that can not be won , and that is doing enormous damage to Mexico .
This may not be ideal , but it is better than prolonging a fight that can not be won .
If the results of these boards had been counted , the opposition would have won the capital 's mayoralty by a wide margin .
Even more unsettling , we recognize that America or another country may well be attacked by surprise once again , and are left wondering if such an event will match or exceed the horror of last year .
The US and its allies won the Cold War , for example , not so much by military means as by spreading the ideas of political freedom and market capitalism to other regions .
This , in turn , underlines another fundamental reality -- that the fight against international terrorism can not be won without demilitarizing and de-radicalizing Pakistan , including by rebalancing civil-military relations there and reining in the country 's rogue Inter-Services Intelligence agency .
In his bitter resignation letter , the general accused Rajapaksa of '' unnecessarily placing Indian troops on high alert '' and failing to `` win the peace in spite of the fact that the army under my leadership won the war . ''
The wonderful Olympics sites in Beijing were no accident , but rather a result of the system .
But wages have grown at a far slower pace than GDP . No wonder domestic consumption can not grow in a manner commensurate with GDP .
SINGAPORE -- The latest information dump from WikiLeaks offers fascinating insights into the workings of the US State Department that will keep foreign policy wonks and conspiracy theorists busy for months .
Little wonder , then , that on the precipice of this historic moment , there are many snakes in the grass .
Most Romanians see NATO membership as a huge national victory , but some wonder if there is truth in Weizmann 's joke : because , if the rationale for entering a military alliance is that you feel threatened , entering NATO is nonsense .
The most flagrant absence of leadership on display today , in the name of following the apparent majority view of the people , is that of Chancellor Gerhard Schröder in Germany . He not only probably won his last election by openly opposing military action in Iraq , but he continues to behave as if he were heading a peace march rather than a country .
Both leaders prevailed and in the end won elections .
In practice however , one can not help wondering whether the German experience resulted from a unique set of circumstances , or at any rate one not easily reproduced under the vastly different conditions of today 's Iraq .
I have often wondered why Karl Popper ended the dramatic peroration of the first volume of his Open Society and Its Enemies with the sentence : `` We must go on into the unknown , the uncertain and insecure , using what reason we have to plan for both security and freedom . ''
Such incidents make one wonder whether the terrorists have , in the end , achieved their aim of destroying the West and what it stands for .
These ministers institute investigations , they move generals sideways or even into premature retirement , they haul perpetrators before military tribunals ; but they apparently see no reason to respond to those members of Congress or Parliament , let alone of the public , who wonder whether it is not time for the ministers themselves to go .
One may also wonder whether this president could lead them in another direction , to traditional Republican isolationism .
Or consider Tony Blair 's `` landslide victory '' in 2001 , when Labor won 40 % of the vote with turnout of 60 % .
One may well wonder what this means in terms of social values .
Nevertheless , one must wonder about a winning movement with quite a few elected members in Israeli prisons and others who are not likely to get permission to enter the country in which they were elected , so that the new parliament can not function properly .
Can it be the same President Oscar Arias who -LRB- barely -RRB- won the recent presidential election in Costa Rica and now returns to power after 20 years ?
One sometimes wonders whether we are experiencing not so much the end of history as the end of enlightened history , perhaps of the enlightenment itself .
Those concerned with freedom of speech have always wondered about its limits .
The difference is that George W. Bush won the presidency by a whisker , whereas William Hague could not avoid defeat .
The result is a growing temptation to react by moving further right , even though elections are usually won in the center .
A referendum on joining the Euro probably can not be won unless a British government is willing to say three things : first , that it favors closer EU political integration ; second , that the single currency is but one expression of that integration , and third , that it is committed to Euro membership .
Another is that Blair consistently seemed to pay much less attention to Parliament than to the right-wing tabloid press : the spin and media manipulation to which his office devoted so much effort worked wonders at first , but soon generated deep skepticism and mistrust .
Bernanke 's performance over the last two years has won high praise , and an extended political fight over control of US monetary policy was the last thing the world needed at what is still a very delicate moment for the global economy .
I already wonder what their excuses will be .
With America 's workers producing more in less time , it is no wonder that a wedge is being driven between the -LRB- good -RRB- output news and the -LRB- bad -RRB- employment news .
African farmers should wonder how it could be Bush -- not some left-wing Democrat -- who reversed the archconservative Newt Gingrich 's proudest achievement : the partial reform of agricultural subsidies .
So the schizophrenic American economy is a sign that the world is entering an economic era of truly wonderful things - if only we properly , and patiently , grasp them .
The opportunity stems from the fact that our doctors and nurses , our pharmacists and drug researchers , our biologists and biochemists are learning to do wonderful things .
Federal health-care spending will grow very rapidly over the next two generations because the things that health care money will be spent on will be increasingly wonderful , and increasingly valued .
Instead , governments should embrace the promise of wonderful innovations in health care , and ask how fast spending should rise , and how that rise should be financed .
But a quarter of my brain wonders how investors should attempt to insure against the lowest tail of the economic-political distribution , and that quarter of my brain can not see which way somebody hoping to insure against that risk should jump .
According to this view , we have simply rolled the dice and won five times in a row .
When added to the normal shocks that afflict the world economy , this source of destabilizing volatility created the unstable world before 1987 that led many to wonder why somebody like Alan Greenspan -- who had previously only spent a couple of years in government -- would want the job .
So investors are wondering : will future decades be like the past decade ?
There is no doubt that had John McCain won the presidential election last November , a very similar deficit-spending stimulus package to the Obama plan -- perhaps with more tax cuts and fewer spending increases -- would have moved through Congress with unanimous Republican support .
What would the world economy look like today if Congressional Republican opposition to the Troubled Asset Relief Program -LRB- TARP -RRB- program and additional deficit spending to stimulate recovery had won the day ?
For those women in India who have proven themselves to be effective leaders in all segments of society , it would be wonderful if she can demonstrate early on that she has the intellectual and professional gravitas that befits the position .
South Korea , in particular , is left to wonder whether or not the US is serious about pursuing similar trade agreements with one of Asia 's strongest economies and one of America 's oldest regional allies . Will you back -- or back away from -- free trade pacts with Asia ?
It should come as no wonder that smallholders and agricultural laborers represent a combined 70 % of those who are unable to feed themselves today .
So , while most accounts say that Bohr won the debate , my view is that Einstein , as usual , was seeking an explanation of reality , while his rivals were advocating nonsense .
This led some to support the Algerian government 's military crackdown after Islamists won the first round of 1991 legislative elections .
Doling out top international jobs by nationality is a terrible practice and choosing Fischer 's replacement presents a wonderful opportunity to make a break with this routine .
Little wonder , since much of Latin America spent the last twenty years going nowhere .
On the other hand , every time someone in China Googles something and gets an answer -- a product 's good and bad points , the details about someone the government does not like -- he must wonder , `` Why ca n't I get this kind of information about everything ? ''
A government CIO also needs to remind us that as wonderful as the Internet is , it is most useful to people who can read and write .
Uribe 's victory , and the emerging political consensus that it reflects , was remarkable for its peacefulness , in contrast to the violence that left-wing guerrillas unleashed when he won the presidency four years ago .
For a while , everybody played politely along ; but the tricky double-think involved in this was exposed when the younger brother , Ed , won the leadership , by a razor-thin margin , in a last-minute upset .
David Miliband 's decision to retreat from front-line politics made it evident that a symbolic beheading had taken place -- and one wonders if Ed Miliband wo n't be haunted , and therefore hampered , à la Macbeth , by the psychological violence he committed .
In 1990 , the Italian singer Toto Cutugno won the annual Eurovision song contest with his passionate call to Europeans to unite .
Little wonder , then , that the Commission has issued a warning that crisis-related fiscal expansion and the aging population raise questions about the sustainability of public finances in the EU .
The No vote won 54 % , but only 35 % of eligible voters bothered to turn up at the polls .
Little wonder , then , that political leaders consistently personalize international conflicts .
They had won the Cold War , or so they perceived , through hard force and conviction .
The film An Inconvenient Truth won an Academy Award , led to a Nobel Prize for Al Gore , and attracted huge international attention to the disastrous impact of climate change .
Little wonder , then that these countries accept the imperative of a dynamic , open , growth-oriented , and job-creating global environment .
It seems that somewhere between the Green Revolution and the biotechnology revolution , the developed world declared the battle for food security won and moved on .
The protests of April 2009 were triggered by the Communist Party 's claim to have won a third consecutive term in power , following an aggressive election campaign with widespread abuses .
The German chancellor played for high stakes and won .
If the US followed its national interests , it would withdraw from Iraq as soon as possible , because the war can no longer be won .
Otherwise , we 're experiencing a wonderful Cup in Germany , in terms of both sportsmanship and the overall atmosphere .
And the German team has put on a wonderful display of heart warming and modern offensive soccer -LRB- which nobody could have expected ! -RRB- .
After all , if President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has genuinely won by a margin of 2:1 , there is nothing to fear .
At the same time , by moving to the left , Merkel ousted the SPD from the political center -- where elections are won and lost in Germany -- while still being able to form a workable majority in the new five-party system without risking new coalition constellations and fierce internal conflict .
Germany was reunited ; Eastern Europe and the states on the Soviet periphery won their independence ; South Africa 's apartheid regime fell apart , numerous civil wars in Asia , Africa , and Latin America ended ; Israelis and Palestinians came closer to peace than at any time since ; and a disintegrating Yugoslavia degenerated into war and ethnic cleansing .
So it is worth looking back to the hopes that were linked to those wonderfully expectant days and nights on Maidan Square in the center of Kiev , and to Yushchenko 's electoral victory .
The elections had to be repeated , and democracy won .
BERLIN -- Returning to Europe lately after a six-day trip to the United States , I wondered for the first time while reading the press on the recent Irish crisis whether the euro -- and thus the European Union -- might possibly fail .
Washington 's realization that Iraq can no longer be won or even stabilized unless the regional framework changes , has come late -- perhaps too late .
So one wonders about the purpose of this military build-up ?
Understandably , when they won independence and escaped prosecution , they trimmed the 14
Rashevsky wondered whether a similar mechanism might account for the division of biological cells and the onset of instability in liquid droplets .
Small wonder , then , that Russian President Vladimir Putin likes to show off his hometown .
After General Augusto Pinochet 's dictatorship gave way to democracy in 1990 , the center-left coalition known as the Concertación won four consecutive free and fair presidential contests .
First , a look at the numbers : the president-elect won the second-round vote with only a slight popular majority -LRB- 51.6 % -RRB- , and will have fewer seats than the Concertación in the Senate .
Robert Mundell , a Canadian who won the Nobel Prize in economics in 1999 , was the first person to write about the benefits of monetary unions .
To disregard a patient 's preferences once he loses the ability to make decisions -- as occurred when DeBakey 's wife reportedly stormed into a late-night hospital ethics committee meeting and demanded that the surgery take place -- violates the hard-won respect for patients ' autonomy gained over the past 20 years .
Instead , the Kremlin placed at risk its hard-won warm relations with the US for no clear reason .
After all , one of the reasons Chile 's right has n't won an election since 1990 , when democracy was restored , has been its silence regarding Pinochet 's crimes and financial misdeeds .
The Other Switzerland BRUSSELS -- As policymakers scratch their heads and wonder how best to absorb different cultures and religions into Europe 's very distinct national societies , they could do worse than consider some new ideas being developed in Switzerland .
The war against terror and rogue dictatorships such as Saddam Hussein 's can be won only in part on the battlefield .
As long as the Greek people have to be asked to accept one austerity package after another , they might wonder when they will have a direct say on this matter .
Simply put , pan-eurozone financial governance had supposedly won the day .
Both the internal and external environments in which Humala finds himself -- and the fact that he won by a margin of only three percentage points -- seem to call for moderation and consensus .
What to Expect From the 44th President NEW YORK -- Campaigns , be they political or military , are waged to be won , and the current American presidential campaign is no exception .
But , unless international thinking gets considerably more realistic in a hurry , what happens in Copenhagen will be anything but wonderful .
One school of thought maintains that the Cold War was won as a result of decades of sustained US and Western pressure on the Soviet Union and its allies .
In this narrative , the Cold War was not so much won by the US and the West as lost by the Soviets , the inevitable result of Soviet economic weakness and political decay .
They both won Nobel Prizes .
The battle being fought for the soul of the Middle East can not be won online , nor can it be subdued through the cynical manipulation of trust and fear .
To be sure , it is now recognized that the West exported to the rest of the world not only many wonderful accomplishments but also less praiseworthy values , resulting in the forcible liquidation of other cultures , suppression of other religions , and fetishism of incessant economic expansion regardless of its qualitative effects .
The country 's media remains censored , freedom of expression denied , and the most popular political party in the country , the National League for Democracy , which won elections in 1990 , has been forced to disband because it decided not to register for the November elections .
Schröder won approval for deploying German armed forces to Afghanistan only by attaching the issue to a vote of confidence in his government .
Few would argue that the Moon is more wondrous and enchanting than when it is near the horizon , appearing closer and looming larger than when it is high in the sky .
He offered no pledge to cut emissions in the United States , and , with vote-sapping battles already underway over health-care reform , one wonders how much time and energy Obama will have for environmental imperatives .
In the decision to send British forces to defend Sierra Leone from a barbaric invasion from Liberia , he faced down all those who warned of disaster and won great moral credit .
The transatlantic partnership once was a basic tenet of German foreign policy -- and yet Germany 's Chancellor won re-election on what was seen as an anti-American platform .
After a brief period of hope , many observers now wonder whether the region is capable of producing viable , and economically vibrant , democracies .
Encouraging weak countries to prolong their reliance on budget deficits by holding out the hope of a de facto bail-out would be very costly for EMU 's more solid countries , while undermining EMU 's hard-won credibility as an area of stability and fiscal soundness . And this latter cost would have to be paid by all euro-zone countries .
During the eurozone 's first , prosperous decade , European believers seemed to have won the debate .
Liu won the prize because his lifelong commitment to political activism makes him exceptional .
But given the lack of criticism of Mugabe 's misrule , some critics wonder , justifiably , whether the review process will ever tackle Africa 's most egregious blights -- misbegotten leadership and corruption .
When Leszek Balcerowicz 's Freedom Union in Poland won 13 % of the vote in a parliamentary election in 1997 , this represented a stunning success .
This ideal grew out of Andrew Jackson 's titanic struggle with Nicholas Biddle and the Second Bank of the United States . Populism was pitted against the financiers , and populism won .
Little wonder , then , that currency markets are treating the likely outcome in Britain -- a hung parliament , with no clear majority for any party -- as a repeat of the mid-1970 's , with no clear solution to the country 's underlying economic problems on offer .
Since the `` green revolution '' was beginning , Iraq imported `` wonder wheat '' from Mexico .
Then , as Chinese were wondering why 2008 , a year of supposed good fortune marked by the lucky number eight , had started with so much misfortune , a deadly earthquake struck Sichuan province , killing 80,000 people and leaving millions homeless .
Is there anyone on earth who does not know that a guerilla war can not be won without winning the `` hearts and minds '' of the people ?
As people wonder if the United States-NATO surge in Afghanistan which began last month will succeed , all of South Asia is asking even more troubling questions : Who runs Pakistan ?
But this effort at intimidation failed , and Gul won .
If none of the above constitutes a breach of democratic principles , one wonders what would .
One wonders if Pipes would accept the US military taking over the American government if it should ever unilaterally conclude that American politics had gone awry .
At the time of the Boxer Rebellion , Japan responded to requests for help from the international community and won world trust through the sacrifices it made .
Back then , Afghanistan 's people held great hopes for an immediately wonderful future .
Putin of all the Russias VIENNA &#45; &#45; For those who still wondered who Vladimir Putin is , the mystery is over .
In May 2008 , Russia won the world hockey championship , beating Canada .
In June , it almost won the Euro 2008 football championship , losing in the semi-finals to Spain .
He put together his own delegation to visit Katyn , and wondered aloud if the Russians would give him a visa .
Indeed , they may well have wondered if the cunning ex-KGB men around Putin simply wanted to make Kaczynski 's Katyn commemoration a mockery ?
Then a very popular leader -- he restored to Russia its self-regard as a global power through deft use of the country 's control of a large share of the world 's supply of oil and gas at a time of limited availability -- he would have won hands down .
My mother explained that they were wondering if they would ever step into those shoes again .
One of my earliest memories is walking up a muddy track into the mountains to escape the fighting , my village burning behind me and wondering what would happen to my family and me .
It should be no wonder that Turkey is also seeking to engage both ends of its territories and feels that its security is best consolidated by minimizing risks together with its neighbors .
Hopefully , Serbia 's decision will inspire the other states of Central and Eastern Europe , including states that have won membership in the European Union , to follow its lead .
But China 's rise and America 's other global and domestic concerns have left many Asians wondering just how enduring those commitments will be in the future .
The world watches and wonders whether China will follow Japan 's path and emerge as a fully modern yet peacefully inclined country .
How seriously , one wonders , did the Chinese take Trichet when he came to China to protest the euro 's `` brutal '' appreciation against the renminbi ? Cut your own interest rates , they must have thought to themselves , and you will have less to complain about .
Lee won the December 2007 election with 48.7 % of the vote , having run on the `` 747 '' platform , promising 7 % annual GDP growth , per capita income of $ 40,000 , and to make Korea the world 's seventh largest economy -LRB- up from 13th currently -RRB- .
Palestinians complained that the international community acted unjustly , simply because they were unhappy with the result of a free and fair election in the Palestinian territories , which Hamas won overwhelmingly .
Lessons of the Lebanon War Wars are won not only on battlefields , but also in people 's minds .
So , while Hezbollah has not decisively won its current war with Israel , by maintaining its ability to fight in the face of the might of the Israeli army , it has captured the imagination of Arabs , restoring lost pride in the same way as the Egyptian Army 's crossing of the Suez Canal in the war of 1973 did .
The Lebanese Broadcasting Corporation and Egypt 's Dream have also won large segments of the general Arab public with entertainment programs .
Strong leadership also is needed to protect the interests of the five states in which the opposition has now won control for the first time .
This signal is of critical importance , because Ukraine 's hard-won independence and ability to pursue closer ties to Euro-Atlantic institutions are under threat .
Yanukovych 's policies will significantly weaken Ukraine 's hard-won independence and its ability to pursue closer ties to the Euro-Atlantic community , which the US has supported .
Little wonder , then , that international investors do not regard emerging-markets with floating currencies as inherently riskier , notwithstanding their supposed lower credibility .
Were my father to reappear suddenly and I told him that Lithuania was a member state , he would stare in disbelief and wonder what I was smoking .
Whatever the truth in this perception , it is little wonder -- and perhaps fitting -- that a fight about the future of food should form a key battleground in a fight about who we are .
But now , as back then , fear and doubt won the day .
In 1999 , less than three years after his diagnosis , Armstrong won his first Tour de France .
Oh , and there are those seven bike races that he won .
Although Wen has won popular support through his tireless efforts for earthquake victims , he remains isolated in official circles .
In the last 100 years , scientists have won many of the most important battles against infectious diseases , to the extent that poverty is now the main reason for a lack of treatment .
They lamented how the science in the final document had been relegated to a footnote , stressing how shortsighted , national self-interest had won out .
Little wonder that fellow environmentalist Bill McKibben states that `` we are engaging in a reckless drive-by drowning of much of the rest of the planet and much of the rest of creation . ''
It is little wonder , then , that US Energy Secretary Steven Chu , who two years ago described the expansion of coal-fired power plants as his `` worst nightmare , '' now calls coal a `` great natural resource . ''
The 400 fathers of the enslaved children , of course , are left to wonder where , precisely , respect for life is in President Hu Jintao 's so-called `` harmonious society . ''
An Asia Strategy for Iran SINGAPORE ? When the ongoing turmoil surrounding the Iranian elections finally ends , the West is likely to walk away with a simple black and white judgment : the bad guys won .
That is when the wonder of words , the magic of literature started for me .
You pursue your business here as only New Yorkers can , but every once in a while you look up and wonder , `` How did I get here ? '' Or , rather , `` How on earth did mankind come so far ? ''
Indeed , some now wonder if the recent financial crisis has done to liberal capitalism what the fall of the Berlin Wall did to communism .
Nepal 's Remarkable Peace KATMANDU -- Nepal 's Maoist leader , Pushpa Kamal Dahal , known as `` Prachanda , '' has now been sworn in as the first prime minister of the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal , having won an overwhelming vote in the Constituent Assembly elected in April .
Now that the DPJ has won the most recent upper - and lower-house elections , Ozawa 's faction has become the largest by far within the party .
It is no wonder that the two regimes have many domestic and foreign\/security policies in common .
Indeed , Japanese Sumo circles are now facing growing public infamy , causing many Japanese to wonder if the country , after 20 years of stagnation , is capable of purifying itself .
Small wonder , then , that Hatoyama advocated replacing Kan with Ozawa , even though Hatoyama insisted that Ozawa resign when he was forced from the premiership three months ago .
No wonder that nowadays most of these countries face civil unrest , rebellion , and risk of implosion .
In Saudi Arabia , the racism against black Muslims is so acute that one wonders if it is worth it for them to perform the pilgrimage to Mecca , one of the five pillars of the Muslim faith .
The Disuniting Kingdom ? Three hundred years after the first Scottish Parliament voluntarily voted itself out of existence in 1707 , the Scottish National Party has won a plurality in the devolved Scottish parliament that is one of Tony Blair 's great legacies .
Is it any wonder that the valuation of securitized investments has become so challenging , that mark-to-market valuation on securitized assets has become meaningless , depressed , or both , and that the securitization market itself has seized up ?
It is now clear that today 's anti-depressants are not the wonder drugs they were touted as being .
Europe , meanwhile , looked wonderfully well balanced , at least superficially , whether one considered all 27 European Union members or the 16-member eurozone .
In the first round of the parliamentary election , the UMP won a record-high 40 % of the vote .
The number of seats won by the socialists and centre-right parties is likely to influence the make-up of the next European Commission -- and thus the EU 's political agenda until 2014 .
Thus , a prime minister who gained massive support from voters only two and a half years ago , won mid-term elections , survived two confidence votes in Parliament , and still enjoys high approval ratings is constantly under pressure .
In both cases , Berlusconi won , but he has paid a heavy price .
The lack of consensus on basic features of an economic framework -- be it a retirement age commensurate with Europe 's demographic outlook or a legislative commitment to budgetary discipline -- makes one wonder how eurozone countries could enter a monetary union in the first place .
The Solidarity workers at giant enterprises have become victims of the freedoms they won .
The means chosen by these losers ' parties after they won the general election of 2005 was a great purge .
Since the English Premier League was started in 1992 , only one championship was not won by Manchester United , Arsenal , or Chelsea .
In Italy , all but two Serie A championships since 1991 have been won by either Juventus or AC Milan .
In Spain , all but three championships since 1985 have been won by either Real Madrid or Barcelona .
So it is little wonder that it is in these places that most illegal immigration and human trafficking occurs -- pirates in the Straits of Malacca , fast boats between Albania and Italy , and desperate human cargoes from Africa and Latin America .
Managers ' increased focus on maximizing shareholder value won many adherents when the idea was introduced in the 1980 's : the impersonal discipline of financial markets would force companies to become more productive and innovative .
Although BJP members trumpet the party 's fundamentalist Hindu agenda , it won power nationally on its promise to deliver good government after the seeming corruption and chaos of the Congress party 's previous term in power .
Watching the celebration of patriotism behind the raising of the French flag and the singing of the national anthem during the first round of the campaign , one can easily believe that the British vision of a Europe of independent nation states has won already , if only by default .
And yet he is the least popular of the Fifth Republic 's presidents , the one whose `` fall from grace '' with the French has been the most spectacular , rapid , and durable , to the point where political experts , and his friends and foes alike , wonder whether he can rebound .
Why , Indian officials seemed to wonder , change what works , and at a time when the US needs India more than ever ?
In 1998 , when France won the Cup for the first time , the three colors of the French flag -LRB- blue , white , and red -RRB- were celebrated alongside with the three colors -LRB- `` black , white , and beur , the skin color of North Africans born in France to immigrant parents -RRB- of the members of the French team .
TAV Holding , which won the tender for the construction of the new Khomeini airport in Tehran , was never even given the chance to start the job .
Under such circumstances , it is no wonder that doing business in Iran is a labyrinthine nightmare .
Little wonder , then , that many knowledgeable analysts reasonably expect post-crisis growth in advanced countries to be lower , perhaps by 0.5 to 1 % .
Zapatero eventually felt it necessary to tell a Vatican envoy that Spanish bishops should stop meddling in the elections -LRB- which he won -RRB- .
Zimbabwe 's Last Chance As the world rooted for former United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan in his recent efforts to end the violence in Kenya , many also found themselves wondering whether a weary Annan , or some other global leader , will be battling another fire by the end of this month : this time in Zimbabwe .
In the end , while a loose opposition coalition of pro-reform ex-MP 's , Islamists , and liberals gained a majority of the National Assembly 's 50 seats , no woman won .
It became obvious that we were winning in many constituencies and that we had won in Addis Ababa , as well as in most of the major cities and the rural areas .
Little wonder , then , that Tony Blair 's government is angry that two of its citizens will be tried before President Bush 's military commissions .
Having won the most votes in two consecutive Duma elections , the Party now made a serious strategic blunder , exposing itself to attack by putting a number of major businessmen -- or oligarchs -- on its candidate list .
That implies a system of governance with at least two decision-making centers -- perhaps in addition to United Russia , the party of Putin and Medvedev , which won 64 % of the vote in the recent parliamentary election up from 37 % in 2003 .
With Cardinal Schönborn 's intervention , the peace between science and religion that in Old Europe had held almost since the Enlightenment -- and at least since the historically hard-won eviction of the Church from politics in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries -- seemed suddenly to have been broken .
Where , one might wonder , does this leave Europe ?
Meanwhile , the nerdy , wonky left kept issuing data points , policy summaries , and white papers -- and generally , since Clinton , kept losing -- until a young couple showed up and understood that Americans do n't just read ; they watch .
In that sense , President Bush won half his argument : preventive force can be justified , but not unilaterally .
Many people welcomed the new tone , but wondered if it was simply sugarcoated cynicism .
He had barely won the controversial 2000 election , and polls showed the American people remained doubtful about him .
The Cold War was won by a combination of military power , which deterred Soviet aggression , and the attractive power of Western culture and ideas .
The Cold War was won by a mixture of hard and soft power .
In 2000 , Chinese novelist Gao Xingjian won China 's first Nobel prize for literature , followed a year later by the Indian diaspora writer V.S. Naipaul .
The good news is that Rumsfeld is beginning to realize that the struggle against terrorism can not be won by hard military power alone .
In 2000 , Al Gore won the popular vote , but George W. Bush prevailed in the electoral college .
And certainly the election of the first African-American as president would do wonders to restore the soft power that the Bush administration squandered over the past eight years .
Obama 's election has done much to restore American `` soft '' power , but he will need to follow up with policies that combine hard and soft power into a smart strategy of the sort that won the Cold War .
In 1992 , the winner of the New Hampshire primary election argued that `` the Cold War is over - and Japan won . ''
Some critics are now wondering if all this talking is too much of a good thing .
Small wonder , then , that several emerging economies are using capital controls to try to manage the flood .
When I won a place at a medical college in Germany , my parents were proud .
Hundreds of other young people trapped in the Gaza Strip have won admission to study abroad .
With the backing of the US , Canada , and the European Union , Israel has maintained its blockade in an attempt to defeat Hamas , which won the elections here in 2006 .
Jonathan not only won a popular majority in the presidential contest , beating Muhammadu Buhari of the CPC , who enjoyed broad support in the north ; he also fulfilled the additional constitutional requirement of gaining one-quarter of the votes in two-thirds of the 36 states .
Buhari is also the party 's presidential candidate . The CPC won the majority of the seats in Katsina , but the PDP still managed to maintain its dominance of that volatile region 's politics .
While many pensioners and some workers remain content with life under Lukashenko , young people , and those with the most education and talent , voted against him in December -- and much evidence suggests that he won less than 50 % .
-LRB- Chu is one of five ethnic Chinese to have won a Nobel , although no winner has yet come from the PRC , a fact that gnaws at Chinese pride . -RRB-
Still , one is left wonder if this new collaborative bonhomie and ethnic bonding will prove strong enough to cut through not only the long history of distrustful interactions between the US and China , but also the destabilizing effects of China 's sudden economic rise ?
As Deng Xiaoping began to encourage individual incentives over the next several decades -- embodied in such slogans as , `` To Get Rich Is Glorious '' -- I watched with wonder and amazement as China 's private economy began to rise from the ashes of Mao 's revolution .
Unfortunately , this wonder of nature has recently suffered an indignity .
It has been a while since any national figure won such high esteem .
But she has a point , too : Kadima won more seats than Likud , disproved prophecies of doom , and emerged as the only major party with an optimistic and peace-seeking message .
Little wonder , then , that French president Nicolas Sarkozy succumbed to the allure of protectionism during last year 's election campaign , as did both presidential candidates in the United States .
In one fell swoop , the hard-won gains in stabilizing the financial system would be blown away .
China 's Green Debt For a decade , the world has wondered when China 's leaders will recognize the staggering environmental crisis confronting their country .
Indeed , the left has won in countries in which it has previously never held power .
But I have begun to wonder whether it will really be possible to achieve peace on this basis .
Had the British government pursued peace and the destruction of the IRA in Northern Ireland by bombing Catholic Derry , would that have alienated or won over Catholic opinion ?
No wonder that most of them employ a `` ghost , '' like the one in Robert Harris 's excellent thriller of the same name , which is really a devastating critique of Britain 's former premier , Tony Blair .
No wonder Bush regards the choice of Cheney as such a key decision .
Outsiders , even admirers , have often wondered how the most globalized country in the world -- a continent inhabited by people from every land -- can be so irrationally insular on some issues .
That moment marked the end of years of war and terrible hardship ; the revolution had been won through blood , sacrifice , heroism , the mistakes of enemies , and the manipulative assistance of Stalin , who purported to be a friend .
No wonder they have started to crowd into the premier league table of the world 's rich .
Britain Votes and Reality Waits LONDON -- I do n't mean to sound as though I am bragging , but the last time the Conservative Party won an election in Britain was 1992 , when John Major was Prime Minister .
We won the election , but I lost my own race for a parliamentary seat and was sent off to Hong Kong as the colony 's last British governor .
Hamas won the 2006 elections in the whole of occupied Palestine and formed a national unity government with Fatah .
It was all very well having elections -- until the wrong side won .
No wonder the impressive premier is thought to favor some political loosening .
That is where the election will be lost or won .
The extension of human morality is a wonderful development for humanity , but it would be even better if it were tempered by cold-blooded rationality .
So it is little wonder that the Saudis , Jordanians , Egyptians , and the Gulf states are seeking to resist Iran 's hegemonic ambitions in the region .
Perhaps surprisingly , Lugovoi seems not to have wondered why he is enjoying such an enthusiastic reception from his compatriots .
Two years later , after the military regime rammed through a new constitution , Thaksin 's proxy political party won another election , as his popular base of `` red shirts '' in Thailand 's downtrodden northeast and northern regions remained loyal to him .
After decades of refusing to speak publicly , Calley , who is now 66 , recently said that `` not a day goes by '' when he does not feel remorse `` for what happened that day in My Lai . '' One wonders if the relatives of those murdered at My Lai are more ready to forgive Calley than the relatives of those killed at Lockerbie are to forgive Megrahi .
Nationally , no single party received a majority , but the centrist , democratic opposition won more than 70 % of the National Assembly seats .
Everyone came away thinking that they had won , but the world largely lost .
More importantly , they could not have won even if they had invested in petroleum , foodstuffs , sugar , coffee , cotton , wool , minerals , or phosphates : all of these commodities had become cheaper .
Neither the former ruling party , Fretilin , nor the newly formed CNRT , led by Xanana Gusmão , the hero of the resistance to Indonesia 's occupation , won an outright majority .
At first , the UN , like many Timorese , including José Ramos-Horta , the country 's Nobel Laureate president who won election last May , had hoped that a national unity government could be formed .
Together they won a narrow 51 % majority of the popular vote , giving them 37 of the 65 seats in parliament .
The constitution is open to interpretation , and he argues that Fretilin , which won the largest share of the vote -LRB- 29 % -RRB- , should have been asked first to form a government -- even a minority one .
Success in that war is not pre-ordained , but can only be won through willing sacrifice , faithfulness to duty , and concerted action for our people 's well-being .
Soft spoken , mild mannered , thoughtful , and with a wonderful sense of humor , Tajbakhsh is portrayed by the Iranian government as a ravenous wolf ready to devour the regime .
And my friend Kian Tajbakhsh -- alone in his cell in Evin Prison wondering what he has done wrong -- is the face of this new form of repression .
Fighting Biopiracy OTTAWA -- In April 1999 Larry Proctor , a United States citizen and owner of a seed company , won a patent at the US Patent and Trademark Office -LRB- USPTO -RRB- , claiming a Mexican yellow bean .
Little wonder that families save out of fear of the future . China 's new Plan must rectify this shortfall immediately .
Little wonder that every economy in the region either fell into recession or experienced sharp slowdowns when global trade plunged in late 2008 .
France Revived Nicolas Sarkozy won the French presidential election in May in part because he attracted a substantial portion of the far right 's supporters to his conservative banner .
Even social democracy , which , particularly in Scandinavia , was an excellent regulator of capitalism , found itself muted in the controversy between Keynesians and monetarists , and , throughout the developed world , the monetarists won .
This very centralized and proud country , where the state matters more than elsewhere and the military had won so many wars , witnessed the complete collapse of both in the span of just two weeks .
The Enlightenment , after all , was born in France . There is the French Revolution , the Napoleonic epic , the Battle of the Marne -- won in 1914 thanks to spontaneous initiative when the government and the state failed -- and the great revival of 1945-1950 .
Your fiscally responsible political party just won the election ?
Meanwhile , rising oil prices have increased transport costs , leading analysts to wonder whether the outsourcing era is coming to an end .
But look at the Doha agenda with a more detached set of eyes , and you wonder what all the fuss is about .
Adam Smith and his followers decisively won the intellectual battle between these two models of capitalism .
The battle against trade protection has been won -- so far .
The internal battle within the Obama administration seemed to have been won by Paul Volcker , the impressive and outspoken former Federal Reserve chairman who has long been a critic of financial innovation .
With this battle won , the next worthy goal is a global financial transaction tax .
One wonders why not .
Transparency in procurement works wonders .
Small wonder : the American public is fiercely resistant to anything that seriously forces them to compromise on their energy-burning , gas-guzzling lifestyle .
-LRB- With some experts predicting that individuals will routinely live beyond 110-115 years by mid-century , one might wonder what all this will do to other social conventions such as marriage , but I will leave this thought to another day . -RRB-
Why ca n't our wonderfully flexible market economies roll with the punches ?
Little wonder that academics across the political spectrum have expressed considerable skepticism .
A growing number of savvy business people are also starting to wonder whether the United States will be able to right its economy anytime soon .
Given this environment , no wonder credit is still contracting in the United States , Europe , and elsewhere .
Perhaps Kasparov would have won the rematch had it continued to a full 24 games -LRB- then the standard length of world championship matches -RRB- .
With such resistance to change , it is no wonder that so many political leaders try to lull their subjects to sleep , hoping that when everyone wakes up , it will all have proven a dream .
Little wonder that , with mid-term congressional elections coming in November , Americans are angrily asking why the government 's hyper-aggressive stimulus policies have not turned things around .
With soaring deficits , and a rudderless fiscal policy , one does wonder whether a populist administration might recklessly turn to the printing press .
Still , with many of the world 's largest governments facing a lethal combination of unsustainable conventional debt , unprecedented old-age pension obligations , and a downshift in growth , one has to wonder what the fiscal plan is .
It is little wonder , then , that democratic citizens nowadays focus increasingly on the low ethical standards of their national elites .
Indeed , the shadows of militarism that have appeared over the Chávez regime may well have unnerved a majority of Venezuelans , who wonder who the next adversary to be pursued will be .
His deputy , Alfonso Portillo , won the presidency in 1999 .
To diversify away from US dollar assets while maintaining its effective dollar peg , China started to buy Japanese yen and South Korean won , hurting their competitiveness .
If it had been scheduled for after August 19 , there would have been no prospect of fresh elections until 2007 , because if the recall won , the vice-president would have taken over .
But comparisons to the post-WWII Nuremberg tribunal have worn thin : as the proceedings drag on , observers wonder why it has taken so long to establish criminal liability .
Competing Fatah candidates split the vote , ensuring that Hamas nominees won .
Turkey 's Choice In what may be Turkey 's most important political event since the republic was founded in the 1920 's , the Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- has won a landslide parliamentary election victory , with around 47 % of the vote .
January 's Palestinian elections were won by a relatively moderate leader because he was put forward by the ruling Fatah movement and Islamists boycotted the election .
But in the Gaza Strip local elections soon afterward , radical Islamists who use terrorism won seven of the ten municipal councils .
In fact , a wide variety of small political groups , including three Jewish religious parties , Arab parties , and a pensioners ' party won seats .
That may inspire little enthusiasm , but the Israel that Olmert has now won a firm mandate to lead is by no means demoralized .
It is a test of wills and it will be won or lost in the court of global public opinion .
Democracy in Latin America has been a hard-won struggle .
Peace will be won by the moderate voices around the world that demand an end to senseless violence and to the tragic illusions of those who believe in a `` final victory '' over their foes .
Hamas , a radical movement , won the Palestinian election in January 2006 , but not before blatant pre-election meddling by the US in favor of Fatah , which merely helped to boost Hamas 's legitimacy .
Then , after Hamas won , the US and Israel immediately orchestrated a cutoff of finances to the newly elected government , including even Israel 's transfer of Palestine 's own customs revenues , which Israel collects as the occupying authority in control of the borders .
The main opposition alliance , led by Raila Odinga , won about 100 seats , compared to roughly 30 for Kibaki .
Shockingly , he declared that he did not know who really won .
Second , she claimed that there had been vote rigging `` on both sides , '' and suggested that the true election results were very close and that perhaps Kibaki had won .
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown has made a valiant effort to get the rest of Europe to honor the modest aid pledges made at the G-8 Summit in 2005 , but it has been a tough fight , and one that has n't been won .
This investment pays off wonderfully , with research centers such as the International Rice Research Institute and the International Maize and Wheat Improvement Centre providing the high-yield seeds and innovative farming strategies that together triggered the Asian Green Revolution .
Climate change science is a wondrous intellectual activity .
Since the G-8 was off track in its aid commitments for many years , I long wondered what the G-8 would say in 2010 , when the commitments actually fell due .
It is a story of decency , commitment , and generosity that has won global confidence , and that can help to guide the world at a time of unprecedented risks and unique opportunities .
Rather than respond to globalization with more government spending on education , infrastructure , and technology , Ronald Reagan won the presidency in 1980 by pledging to slash government spending and cut taxes .
Poor countries won concessions on access to essential medicines ; and they pressed for , and received , promises that rich countries would address protectionist policies in several areas .
Recent efforts against African River Blindness , leprosy , and trachoma , backed by industrial leaders such as Merck , Novartis , and Pfizer , have also performed wonders .
The paradox of the global economy is that rich countries are now so rich and poor countries so poor that even small contributions from the rich can perform wonders .
She won the presidential election in 1990 but the military prevented her from taking power .
Indeed , Pakistan 's Islamist parties have never won more than 12 % of the popular vote .
As the WHO begins to plan the ICD eleventh edition and the American Psychiatric Association begins to plan the fifth edition of the DSM , one wonders how to ensure additional moral , social , and political accountability in what traditionally have been viewed as the instruments and products of science .
When one adds to this the stigma and explicitly discriminatory practices against the mentally ill , it is a wonder that failure to keep appointments and take medications is not more common than it is .
Moreover , if the March 8 coalition had won , it would have largely been on the back of Christian voters delivered by Aoun , who might have then demanded the Lebanese presidency , which is reserved for a Christian .
The struggle for the future of the Arab and Muslim worlds that is being fought now will be won or lost not on the battlefield , but in the classroom .
I looked around our island and wondered : was anyone listening ?
So , when Pakistan 's military leaders finally allowed elections in late December 1970 , East Pakistan voted overwhelmingly for the Bengali-nationalist Awami League , which won 167 of 169 seats in the province .
Beijing 's seeming silence over the nuclear ambitions of North Korea has left US , Japanese , and South Korean officials alike wondering when it will `` stand up '' to assert its influence over its neighbor and erstwhile ally .
Small wonder , then , that the water in 75 % of China 's rivers is undrinkable , that the country is home to seven of the world 's most polluted cities , and that one can often live in Beijing or Shanghai for weeks without ever seeing the sun .
China 's Post-Olympic Challenge NEW YORK -- Almost everyone in the world who watched the 2008 Olympics in Beijing was impressed by China 's preparations , the acumen of the Chinese in running such a complex and challenging event , and the rich harvest of medals -- especially gold medal -- that Chinese athletes won .
And since every economy is cyclical in nature , even some of China 's most ardent boosters are left to wonder what resources the Party and government will have to draw on , should growth rates drop , even to a respectable 3-4 % .
They are right to wonder whether the `` miracle '' can continue to survive the kind of shocks that have rocked almost every other part of Asia to its foundations at one time or another over the last decade .
In an age when self-determination is a hallowed principle how is it possible that Taiwan - which has been part of China during only four of the last eleven decades , and has never been under the control of the People 's Republic of China - is shunned by every nation when it deigns to wonder aloud why it should not be allowed to go its own way ?
Without your invasion , we Communists would not have won . ''
Is it any wonder that China is perceived as an increasingly credible model for much of the developing world , while the US is now viewed as a symbol of hypocrisy and double standards ?
Despite bravado about American superiority , the students themselves do not seem to feel superior , and wonder if they will be living emerging-country lives of their own in coming years .
Labor unions have long pointed with satisfaction at hard-won contracts that specified a defined-benefit pension for their members .
Little wonder , then , that Mexicans express fundamental uncertainty about where their country is heading .
I was left wondering why this is happening on such a scale now .
Consider Muhammad Yunus , who won the Nobel Peace Prize last October .
Nevertheless , one wonders why the evidence that inequality causes social unrest is not stronger .
Nevertheless , given corruption scandals involving prominent government figures that have come to light over the past few years , it is natural to wonder why the stock market has remained so strong .
With so many vivid images of a shrinking and damaged planet , is it really any wonder that human psychology is ripe for high commodity prices ?
With such a hurdle to hiring workers , no wonder industry is reluctant to locate in the East and the region is supported by subsidies equal to 45 % of its gross product .
George W. Bush won the 2000 election , despite losing the popular vote .
By contrast , in recent decades central bankers in many countries have gradually won acceptance for the principle of independence from day-to-day political pressures .
Ever since the current crisis began in 2007 , many people have been wondering if the Great Depression that followed the 1929 stock-market crash and the banking crises of the early 1930 's is relevant to our experience today .
Likewise , many people have been wondering if the weakness that followed the equity and real-estate crash in Japan at the beginning of the 1990 's is relevant to our experience today .
Belarus won independence in 1991 , but , since 1994 , President Alexander Lukashenko has shamelessly embraced communist symbols -- and methods -- to cling to power .
Moreover , his researchers presumably have told him that independent middle-class voters are more likely to be won over by appeals to their wallets than to concern for America 's poor .
No wonder that many are now skeptical about taxpayer-funded schemes to bail out banks , insurance companies , and even automakers .
His decision surprised some of his teammates but won applause from many cricket fans .
When I first heard of Bhutan 's goal of maximizing its people 's happiness , I wondered if it really meant anything in practice , or was just another political slogan .
Above all , Israel must wonder if the peace treaty with Egypt will hold , and , if not , how to carry out the massive restructuring of its defense posture that will be required .
This is why many Germans wonder whether the foreign criticism is fair .
The fight will not be easy , but it can be won .
What resulted was a wonderful system for diversifying individual bank risk , but only by magnifying the default risk of all banks that held what came to be called `` toxic '' debt .
In banking , the trust-busters won the day with the Glass-Steagall Act of 1933 , which divorced commercial banking from investment banking and guaranteed bank deposits .
Today , I wonder whether there will be a world after capitalism .
Now , when we already have all the wealth we need , we are right to wonder whether the costs of capitalism are worth incurring .
Now I wonder whether I was right .
In June 1989 , the opposition won the parliamentary election in a landslide . It was impossible to form a government without its participation .
Another key to South Korea 's success story is the well-balanced relationship between stable governments and the private sector . This was clearly demonstrated late last year when a South Korean consortium won a contract to build four nuclear reactors in the United Arab Emirates late last year , beating out the French .
When the right has turned statist and Keynesian , the free market 's true believers are marginalized , and old-style anti-capitalism seems archaic , one wonders what Socialism in Europe can possibly mean ?
In Buenos Aires , one wonders about the motives of the Supreme Court , which has forbidden President Kristina Kirchner from changing the chairman of the central bank .
They advocated the overthrow of Saddam Hussein even before Bush was elected and won him to their cause after September 11 .
Taken together , these factors ensure that the war on terror can not be won .
In the US , the Republicans , who won the mid-term elections , were determined to extend the Bush tax cuts in their entirety .
-LRB- Indeed , all war ministries have become `` defense ministries , '' leaving one to wonder against whom a country must be defended if there are no longer any attackers . -RRB-
No wonder , then , that the treaty 's strict limits were breached early in the euro 's first decade by core countries as well as peripheral ones .
Their desire to preserve and reestablish Georgian territorial integrity by asserting renewed control over Abkhazia and South Ossetia is understandable , but can they accomplish this goal as peacefully as they won their revolution ?
For example , if there are many candidates in a first round of a presidential election , it is conceivable that neither of the two candidates in the second-round run-off will have won more than 20 % in the first round .
It is a skewed playing field -- and one increasingly skewed against smaller players . Who would n't prefer a credit default swap underwritten by the US or UK government ; no wonder that too-big-to-fail institutions dominate this market .
If emissions were appropriately restricted , the value of emission rights would be a couple trillion dollars a year -- no wonder that there is a squabble over who should get them .
She has been an outspoken advocate of financial-sector reforms , and has won the respect of all of those with whom she has worked .
Global civil society eventually won here , but the intellectual property regime remains unchanged .
No wonder that they are demanding that the small group of those who benefit from the country 's wealth start to share it .
Bolivians wonder why investments of some $ 3 billion should entitle foreign investors to 82 % of the country 's vast gas reserves , now estimated to be worth $ 250 billion .
No wonder that Bolivians thought they were being cheated and demanded a new deal .
The questions posed by young French workers , who wonder how globalization will make them better off if it means accepting lower wages and weaker job protection , can no longer be ignored .
The `` hearts and minds '' of those in the countryside had to be won , and that meant bringing economic benefits and minimizing `` collateral '' damage to innocent civilians -- an important lesson for the Bush administration in Iraq , if it would only listen to someone outside its closed circle .
The US and China are in a race to be the world 's worst polluter ; America has long won the contest , but in the next few years , China will claim that dubious honor .
· First , while there may be scope for fiscal stimulus in some countries , in many countries it is limited ; hence , the region as a whole must protect its hard-won low level of public debt .
This is why Mr. Berlusconi won the elections despite the criminal investigations and ongoing worries of a `` conflict of interest . ''
As a result , Prodi has won a large margin in the lower house , but he has only a handful of extra votes in the Senate .
Little wonder that change occurs so seldom in France .
One may wonder : If investment managers and their clients do n't receive high returns on bank stocks , as they would if they were profiting from bankers ' externalization of risk onto taxpayers , why do they hold them at all ? The answer is the so-called `` beta '' : banks represent a large share of the S&P 500 , and managers need to be invested in them .
Uribe won an unprecedented re-election two years ago with an absolute majority in the first round of the vote .
Ten years ago , the Chagossians won a tremendous victory in the British High Court , which ruled that the islanders ' expulsion had been unlawful , and that they should be allowed to return .
Since Sudan won independence from the United Kingdom in 1956 , the country has been convulsed by almost constant civil war based on the north-south cultural and religious divide .
Berlusconi 's center-right coalition won election in 2001 by claiming to be the sole political force capable of launching -- and completing -- an ambitious reform program .
Choi also declared that even if the irregularities alleged by Gbagbo were confirmed , Ouattara still would have won enough votes to carry the election .
Mugabe remained President and Tsvangirai -- who won 47 % of the vote in the March 2008 elections , compared to Mugabe 's 43 % -- became Prime Minister .
It is little wonder , then , that Euroskepticism -- in France , the Netherlands , and elsewhere -- is on the rise .
Eyeball to Eyeball at the Top of the World NEW DELHI - -- When a foreign minister goes out of his way to assure reporters that there is no tension on his country 's borders with a powerful neighbor , the logical tendency is to wonder whether `` the lady doth protest too much . ''
India 's Olympic Also-Rans NEW DELHI -- As the world awaits the Beijing Olympics , many wonder whether China 's grand coming-out party will also mark the occasion when it wrests dominance of the medal tally from the United States .
Indeed , India 's last general election , in 2004 , was won by a woman of Italian heritage and Roman Catholic faith -LRB- Sonia Gandhi -RRB- who made way for a Sikh -LRB- Manmohan Singh -RRB- to be sworn in as Prime Minister by a Muslim -LRB- President Abdul Kalam -RRB- in a country that is 81 % Hindu . Not only could it happen here , Indians say , it already has .
Only two Indian movies have been nominated in the Best Foreign Language Film category in the last 50 years , and neither won .
So Indians take vicarious pleasure in the triumphs of `` mainstream '' pictures with an Indian connection -- the seven Oscars won by Richard Attenborough 's Gandhi in 1983 , for instance , or the success of The Sixth Sense , written and directed by a Philadelphian of Indian descent , Manoj Night Shyamalan .
Indeed , for the first time , Indian citizens won for best song and for A. R. Rahman 's musical score .
The 2004 elections were won by the Congress party , led by a woman political leader of Roman Catholic faith and Italian descent -LRB- Sonia Gandhi -RRB- , who made way for a Sikh prime minister -LRB- Manmohan Singh -RRB- to be sworn by a Muslim -LRB- President Abdul Kalam -RRB- in a country that is 81 % Hindu .
The Dissident and the Mahatma NEW DELHI -- With the Nobel Peace Prize presented this month in the absence of this year 's laureate , the imprisoned Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo , it might be wise to think of a man who never won the prize : Mahatma Gandhi .
No wonder Nelson Mandela , who told me that Gandhi had `` always been a great source of inspiration , '' explicitly disavowed non-violence as ineffective in South Africans ' struggle against apartheid .
But , while such an approach may have won Burma 's Aung San Suu Kyi the Nobel that eluded the Mahatma himself , the violence of the Burmese state proved far stronger in preventing change than her suffering has in fomenting it .
I wonder if the Mahatma , surveying today 's world , would feel that he had triumphed at all .
Progress is being made : the battle against poverty is slowly -LRB- too slowly -RRB- being won .
His sermons fill football stadiums and he has won a Nobel Prize , but political leaders around the world shirk from meeting him openly , for fear of offending China .
Indians have long been resigned to defeat for their national side -LRB- though this is changing -RRB- , but they have always managed to produce individual record-breakers -- outstanding cricketers like the batsmen Sunil Gavaskar and Sachin Tendulkar , or the all-rounders Vinoo Mankad and Kapil Dev , who were considered to be among the world 's best players , even if the Indian teams to which they belonged lost more often than they won .
On the level of the wider population , the battle against depression has not been won .
Many of the presidents re-elected , either directly or by alternating terms with someone else , a la the Kirchners , won because they seemed to be responding to social demands for more security or less poverty .
Fortunately , Chelsea won .
Initially , I supported France , because I like Chelsea 's Nicolas Anelka , though as an African woman I also could not resist the dream of chanting with joy those times when an African team won .
And , in 1999 , the US hosted and won its second women 's World Cup , leading to a women 's soccer revolution in the country .
When President Mwai Kibaki first ran for election in 2002 , he promised that , if he won , his government would deliver a new constitution within 100 days of taking office .
No wonder , then , that members rely more on their capacity to accumulate reserves than on the Fund 's ability to provide opportune , affordable , and reliable financial support .
It 's wonderful what technology can offer for the wealthy .
The other bloc offers the near-certainty of a return to a surly and squalid isolation - -- perhaps the beginning of the end of our hard-won independence .
Ukraine 's democrats , who won that election , were denied their voice and their place in government .
Nothing can ever diminish what was at stake -- and the victory that has been won -- on the streets of Kyiv .
And sensible people in many emerging-country capitals are wondering whether we have crossed that line .
This is a well-known phenomenon ; indeed the study of the market for automotive `` lemons '' won George Akerlof the Nobel Prize .
Banks still do n't trust each other , since each wonders how many skeletons the other has in its closet .
A wonderful plan .
Germany 's political center , where elections are won and lost , remains undefined and unstable concerning policy priorities .
Having lived through the Malayan war of 1947-1960 , I often wonder why Sri Lanka 's war has been so much more difficult to end .
When she mentioned the book 's title to American friends , they wondered why she used the modifier `` fragile , '' whereas Chinese friends said calling their country a `` superpower '' was premature .
In May 2008 , China obtained a major economic stake in Afghanistan when Chinese firms won a $ 3.5 billion contract to develop Afghanistan 's huge Aynak copper field .
Significant improvements to this situation will be hard won .
By slashing the funding for the institutions which created that civilization , Cameron has guaranteed that tomorrow 's Britain will be a nation not of world-class politicians , writers , and cultural innovators , but of wonky technocrats raised on bad TV , with little influence beyond their tiny island .
The bridal videos that I was shown , with the sensuous dancing that the bride learns as part of what makes her a wonderful wife , and which she proudly displays for her bridegroom , suggested that sensuality was not alien to Muslim women . Rather , pleasure and sexuality , both male and female , should not be displayed promiscuously -- and possibly destructively -- for all to see .
By desensitizing children to sexually inappropriate touching , the pat-downs are destroying those hard-won gains .
Shortly after former Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff made the rounds of TV shows arguing in favor of such measures to thwart `` bad guys , '' one of his consulting firm 's clients , Rapiscan , won the $ 350 million contract to provide the full-body x-ray machines .
Is it any wonder , then , that so many rational people are trying to make sense of a political reality that really has become unusually opaque ?
Not a single Democrat has won the White House without a substantial gender gap .
They recognize from their own relative marginalization of people of color or of immigrants that no French , German , Italian , or British Obama is on the horizon , and they wonder : how does America do it ?
If the war on environmental degradation is to be won , we need a major turnaround .
Sarkozy 's slogan `` work more to earn more '' has won him considerable support .
Democratic legitimacy won a major battle over social legitimacy .
From Morocco , Algeria , Libya , and Sudan to Bahrain and Yemen -- indeed , throughout the Muslim world from Jakarta to Nigeria -- Islamic radicals have won the popularity sweepstakes .
With new Wahhabi madrasas popping up everywhere in Yemen because of Saudi financial support , it is small wonder that the number of Yemeni jihadis has grown exponentially .
Who , Abdullah wonders , will keep the Iranian wolf from the Kingdom 's door ?
So it is no wonder that the Arabs , especially the Palestinians , remain unable to comprehend , existentially or morally , what has befallen them .
Can East Asians Cooperate ? SEOUL -- As China continues its unremitting rise , people throughout East Asia are wondering whether their states will ever be able to achieve the peaceful , stable relations that now characterize Europe .
But confrontations between the United States and China , the US and Japan , and China and Japan over the past year have left many wondering whether economic interdependence alone can bring about stable regional relations .
Their compatriots in Sierra Leone also want to know what will happen now that they , too , have won the commodities lottery : last year , the country struck oil and discovered one of the largest iron-ore deposits in the world .
In an era of evaporated pensions and benefits for the rank and file , piggish pay packets for CEO 's have led a cynical public to wonder where big business has gone wrong .
When Shanghai sought a similar role several years ago , bankers and investors around the world wondered whether the aim was really for Shanghai to replace Hong Kong as China 's financial heart .
Unfortunately , one must wonder to what extent these ratings are distorted by the eurozone countries ' political power .
