Desperate to hold onto power , Pervez Musharraf has discarded Pakistan 's constitutional framework and declared a state of emergency .
Hours before his hanging , Benazir was allowed to see her father for the last time , writing in her autobiography : `` I told him on my oath in his death cell , I would carry on his work . ''
Force has never worked with the Pashtun tribes , and there is no evidence that this has changed .
Equally important for Pakistan is to expand and reform its public education system and improve basic services so that radical groups can not lure young people into their educational and welfare networks .
The terrorists have shown before that they can take a punch , strike back , and even rebuild their networks .
But this inside knowledge also worked against the militants , because it demonstrated what was at stake for the country at large .
Many militants in Punjab worked closely with the Pakistani intelligence services for years , and their infrastructure is dispersed and hidden in various towns and villages .
But a collaborative India-Pakistan effort to stabilize the country could work wonders .
Nevertheless , fourteen civil society activists who attempted to organize a special meeting to address the realities of the Kurdish issue in Syria recently received various sentences on charges of working to undermine national unity .
For my colleagues and me , this is the time for hard and continuous work to expand the space of popular participation in the country and region .
UNICEF is working around the clock to restore a sense of normalcy for Gaza 's youth -- developing remedial worksheets to help children keep up with their studies ; creating sports and recreation programs in schools ; and working with communities to establish play areas where kids can be kids in safety .
UNICEF works with partners to get water , hygiene , and medical supplies to households and health facilities .
For at least the next two months , the United Nations Security Council will debate a blueprint for Kosovo 's future , arduously worked out during a year of `` negotiations '' between the governments in Belgrade and Pristina by UN envoy and former Finnish president Martti Ahtisaari .
As the maneuvering continues , Israel and Egypt find themselves working together to bolster Abbas and Fatah .
Israel , meanwhile , is worried that Hamas has strengthened its military grip on Gaza , in terms of both fortifications and networks capable of launching Qassam rockets into neighboring Israeli towns .
Teach young people some basic marketing skills and then send them out to Argentina 's embassies . They will work wonders , unlike the cheap talk of Ambassador Amadeo at Washington dinner tables .
Whereas regulation creates unearned rents for overprotected minorities -LRB- taxi drivers , notaries , airline pilots , and telecom or electricity workers -RRB- , deregulation reduces these rents and redistributes them to the general public .
The wages of electrical workers are high precisely because they have appropriated a part of the rents created in an uncompetitive electricity market .
For example , electricity workers would realize that , as consumers , their gains from lower prices throughout the economy more than compensate them for the loss of rents in their own firms .
The big bang approach gives workers a stake in liberalization and thus makes deregulation politically easier to pursue .
Deregulating product markets has an additional benefit : it facilitates liberalization of the labor market . Evidence gathered by the OECD shows a strong positive correlation across countries between the degree of competition in the product market and the extent to which labor market regulations increase the powers of workers when they bargain with firms .
Bargaining is mostly about the distribution of excess rents between the firm and its workers .
In some cases , however , regulation works in the opposite direction : it keeps the price of public services artificially low , rather than too high .
Which works better ?
Competition between them works because it involves fighting for the best students and offering scholarships to deserving poor ones .
But increasing the number of immigrant workers will not necessarily raise fertility rates .
Germany , for example , has a large population of guest workers , but few settle there with their families ; most leave their children in their homeland .
The old do not work , and a smaller and smaller share of the population -LRB- the disappearing young -RRB- is taxed to support them .
In turn , the high tax rates needed to support the old discourage the young from working , creating a vicious cycle : ever increasing tax rates on a disappearing labor force , lower growth rates , and fewer resources available to support those that retire at 60 and live into their 90 's .
Indeed , female participation in the workforce is higher in the US than in the European Union -LRB- 70 % versus 60 % -RRB- .
The saving rates among Europe 's old people indicate that they are worried about the dwindling number of workers who can be taxed to support them .
Indeed , non-working time even for those who hold jobs is increasing , offering ample opportunity to rear children .
Working hours in Europe as a whole fell from 1713 hours per year in 1980 to about 1576 today , with Germans putting in the least number of hours at work .
So another dangerously vicious circle seems to be operating : high taxes discourage work , and because fewer jobs are created , fertility is discouraged .
A close look at productivity growth -LRB- output per hour worked -RRB- in the US and Europe shows that US capitalism remains as vital than ever .
Two candidates stand out : attitudes toward work and corporate governance .
Six OECD countries do better than America in terms of output per hour worked : Norway , Belgium , France , Ireland , the Netherlands , and Germany .
The reason for examining output per person rather than output per hour worked is simple : what determines a nation 's wealth is how much each person works , and how many people work .
This is where the US overtakes Europe : fewer people work in Europe than in the US , and those in Europe who do work do n't work as much .
Annual hours worked in the US are about 1800 , about 1500 in France , and 1400 in Germany .
One reason why Europeans work less is because they pay more taxes , and high taxes are necessary to support those who do not work - an obvious vicious circle .
But something deeper is at work .
Perhaps the Europeans are perfectly happy to work less and enjoy more free time , both in terms of having more vacations during their working age , and spending less time in the active labor force .
Europe grows less because it works less - and it should not be surprised if a number of so-called `` developing countries '' soon catch up with Europe in terms of income per capita .
Indeed , at one European newspaper , articles that arrived via e-mail were re-typed by typographers : the technology for transferring them electronically was available , but not the work rules to allow the paper to apply it .
If Europe wants to work less , it must be extraordinarily productive when it does work if it is to keep up with the hard-working Americans .
The US is a racially fragmented society , so it is convenient for the majority of wealthy whites to view the poor -LRB- many of them black -RRB- as different and lazy compared to hard-working whites .
Historically , America 's racial and ethnic divisions also inhibited the development of a homogeneous working-class culture and movement , which empowered socialist and Communist parties across Europe in the 20
All of this generates a vicious circle : the stronger the political power of pensioners and of older workers , the greater the pressure on government to shorten working lives and increase pension benefits .
Pensions are linked to final wages rather than to the actual contribution made by the worker over his or her lifetime .
Within the anti-reform coalition , those who favor redistribution , typically young and on the political left , thus often join retirees and older workers .
The clear losers are young workers , and the future generations who will face the high tax burdens necessary to pay retirees their promised benefits .
In Brazil , the pension plan of private sector workers runs a small surplus , but that of civil servants runs an enormous deficit , equivalent to of 4.5 % of Brazil 's GDP .
The Maastricht convergence criteria that led to the euro 's creation worked because they were imposed by a multinational agreement and were monitored multinationally .
In a sense , such a process is already at work .
As it turned out , such action no longer works in a world in which European companies are exposed to the scrutiny of international investors .
Up to a point , and to the extent that income differences are due to differences in ability , effort , investment in education , etc. , they are necessary to providing the correct incentives to invest , work , innovate , and grow .
What about the hard working and fast-growing South Koreans ?
Worried about an invasion of migrant workers from the new member states of Central and Eastern Europe , the old EU members have erected high barriers in order to prevent the flow .
According to An agenda for a growing Europe , a report published by Oxford University Press in 2004 for the European Commission , 250,000 to 450,000 workers will go West during the first one to two years , followed by around 100,000 to 200,000 annually thereafter .
As Mircea Geoana , Romania 's bright young Minister of Foreign Affairs , recently put it : `` If the EU waits another seven or ten years before it opens up , the workers it will receive from my country will be the least qualified , peasants and individuals with low human capital : by then , the doctors , the architects and the engineers will all have migrated to the United States . ''
Western Europe is increasingly inhabited by aging populations that have lost the incentive and enthusiasm to work hard , take risks , and be ambitious .
So long as the Union 's borders remain closed , there is also a risk that foreign investment will fly over Western Europe and land in Central and Eastern Europe , where people are willing to work longer hours , market regulations are less intrusive , and human capital is relatively high , because Communist schools were good at technical training .
Currently , the average number of hours worked per person aged 15 to 25 each year in France and Germany is about 50 % lower than in the United States .
Although some Americans always like to boast about their superior work ethic , this disparity in working hours between the US and Europe has not always existed .
Indeed , until the mid-1970 's , the number of hours worked on either side of the Atlantic was roughly the same .
From the mid-1970 's on , however , Americans continued working more or less the same number of hours , while Western Europeans began working less and less each year .
The average number of working hours per person depends on a variety of factors :
? the number of vacation days workers have ;
? the number of hours worked in a `` normal '' week , i.e. , with no vacation .
So , lower participation in the labor force explains half of the difference , and longer vacations for those who do work accounts for the other half .
But knowing `` how '' Europeans work less is one thing ; knowing `` why '' Europeans work less than Americans is another .
One view is that Americans are perceived -LRB- and like to see themselves -RRB- as Calvinist workaholics , whereas Europeans like to think that they know how to enjoy life 's pleasures .
As a European working in the US , I admit that I do take many more vacations than my American colleagues .
Income taxes certainly must affect willingness to work .
They may not change by much the number of hours worked by the main breadwinner in a family -LRB- typically a man -RRB- , but they do influence the participation of women in the labor force .
After all , why work , when your after-tax salary barely pays for childcare and household help ?
Why should a Frenchman or Italian in his early sixties work today , when in the 1990 's he could have retired in his mid-fifties with 80 % or more of his last working-age salary ?
In the 1980 's and 1990 's , many European labor unions , in response to rising unemployment , adopted the policy of `` work less , work all . ''
Europeans certainly need something to compensate for a short working life with many vacations .
The Commission works best when it sticks to this role .
Think of the excellent work it has done in the area of competition policy : breaking up cartels and stopping state aid , even when it comes in disguised forms , such as government guarantees on company debt .
At the same time , a recent `` white paper '' produced by a working group headed by the IMF 's former boss , Michel Camdessus , which was charged with proposing the type of structural reforms needed to achieve growth , was received with the usual outcry from trade unions .
German households , on the other hand , according to a recent poll published in the influential daily , Die Welt , are in a more sober mood : most plan on cutting down their vacation travel -- which , obviously , does not mean that they will work more ; they will just spend some of the many weeks of their paid leisure at home -- and postponing large item purchases .
When consumers see the benefits of market deregulation , for example , perhaps they will feel compensated for having to work longer for their retirement .
It needs to connect better with its own citizens , to renew their support by showing that Europeans working together can foster growth and jobs , fight international crime , and secure a clean environment .
Most of all , the enlarged Union needs a constitutional and institutional framework that fits its ambitions .
For thirty months , governments and parliamentarians have been working on a new constitution for Europe .
But we are united in our belief that sharing sovereignty and working together is the best - indeed , the only - way forward .
Adopting a constitution means consolidating the end of the bitter divisions of the past , and a chance to build a Union that works for our 450 million people .
One might think Annan far too compromised for the post of Secretary-General , but the UN does n't work that way .
Wallenberg refused to ignore the threat of massacres to come . Instead of ducking responsibility and carrying on with conventional work in Sweden , he made his way to Hungary , the scene of Hitler 's last homicidal orgy against the Jews .
Once they resolve to continue their alliance with these purposes in mind , it should be possible for responsible officials to work out guiding principles for concrete security cooperation .
The same is true of the reported intention of some EU governments to have the so-called `` Privileged Partnership '' concept explicitly included in the negotiating framework as an alternative to full membership .
Moreover , it is difficult to imagine what advantages could be offered to Turkey in the framework of a `` Privileged Partnership '' beyond its long-time status as an Associate Member of the EU .
Tanzania has experimented with community-based programs that send health workers to the homes of TB patients in order to monitor treatment compliance and provide support .
Indeed , the attacks represent more than a failure of police work . They represent a collapse of governance ; these are the wages of the sins of administrative incompetence and political malfeasance .
It also offers a perspective on why employees work for some employers and not others , why they work as hard as they do , and , indeed , why they go to work at all .
For example , in the standard economic analysis of workplace gender discrimination , men do not like to associate with women on the job -- in the same way that they might prefer apples to oranges .
Likewise , the standard economic analysis of racial discrimination is that whites do not want to associate with non-whites , and so demand a premium to buy from or work with non-whites .
But with identity economics it all makes sense , and we gain an entirely new perspective on work incentives , not just in the military , but in all pursuits .
In organizations that function well , employees identify with their work and their organizations .
In the civilian world , too , the most important determinant of whether an organization functions well is not the monetary incentive system , as standard economic models would imply , but whether its workers identify with the organization and with their job within it .
Given this , education policy should look at what some successful programs have done to establish a school identity that motivates students and teachers to work according to a common purpose .
`` She works for the restaurant , '' my acquaintance explained .
Barking Alsatian dogs , stern guards , and waiters dressed in inmate uniforms work hard to recreate the gulag 's sinister atmosphere .
Anna Alchuk , an artist who participated in the exhibition in the Sakaharov Center and was later charged , said she had read all 14 volumes of evidence collected by the prosecutor , and that 11 volumes consisted entirely of letters from `` working people '' expressing outrage at the show and demanding that the artists be punished .
-LRB- Some members of this artificial `` Patriarchate '' are currently on trial in the so-called Ergenekon case , a covert network of officers and civilians accused at conspiring to stage a military coup against the current Turkish government . -RRB-
The wheels of Philippine justice need retooling , so much so that the country 's Chief Justice himself recently called for an emergency summit to discuss a rash of extra-judicial killings that have the claimed the lives of leftists , human rights workers , and journalists under President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo .
Notwithstanding the opinion polls , it does seem as though the public not only accepts his conviction , but that they respect it as the outcome of a fair system that has been allowed to work .
There is no air conditioning in the hospital , no ventilators working , smog is penetrating everywhere , including the emergency room 's operating theater .
Britain , France , and Spain are working on an opposing plan that will consolidate EU executive powers among the biggest EU states .
In some areas , decentralization works because it recognizes diverse local or national communities .
An energy crisis in this case is almost certain if those who press for energy independence fail to provide a workable alternative in a timely manner .
The prize is supposed to recognize the work of individuals and institutions , including non-governmental organizations , for scientific research in the life sciences that improves the quality of human life .
They return home by mid-day to help supplement the household income by selling doughnuts in the streets -- at a time when they are supposed to be completing homework .
The benefits of a monetary union based on a stable macroeconomic framework and governed by an independent central bank are manifest : the euro area has enjoyed low inflation and low interest rates for much of the last decade , a boost in trade and investment , and rapid integration of financial markets .
Third , the EMU 's stability-oriented macroeconomic framework has better prepared euro-area countries for economic storms .
The Stability and Growth Pact must remain the cornerstone of the EU 's budgetary framework , and effective surveillance and peer support will be vital to help member states work towards balanced budgets once the economy rebounds .
The European Commission is now working on extending the focus of surveillance beyond fiscal policy so that we can identify risks stemming from macroeconomic imbalances or changes in competitiveness and address them before they become entrenched .
The European single currency has been a major success , but it remains a work in progress .
And EU President Herman van Rompuy is preparing a framework for enhanced fiscal surveillance , prevention , and resolution .
Both the ad hoc and the global public-goods schools shy away from this question , and yet without at least some working answer , we will lack the compass needed to navigate our increasing global interdependence .
Our expectations of other drivers , which serve to mitigate the theoretical risks of driving , can exist because people adhere to a framework of laws , habits , and conventions about how to operate automobiles .
In an increasingly interdependent world , we need a corresponding global framework to put our minds at relative ease .
That framework has to be based on global civics , a system of conscious responsibilities that we are ready to take on -- and corresponding rights that we are ready to claim -- after due deliberation .
The World Health Organization and the International Atomic Energy Agency are working closely together to improve cancer control in developing countries .
The IAEA 's work involves building countries ' capacity for radiation medicine .
That is why both organizations are developing training and mentoring networks and innovative public-private partnerships .
A new and functional division of labor between Europeans and Americans is thus conceivable , provided it retains the framework of common political commitments and shared responsibilities .
Operating within multilateral frameworks , however tiresome , has more often than not served US national interests as well as those of Europe .
As the C onvention worked , our mandate was transformed due to various pressures .
Not many people realize it , but because of the patchwork of treaties from which today 's European institutions arose , `` Europe '' is not a unitary entity ; indeed , the `` European Union '' and the `` European Community '' denote two different things .
As citizens start relying on redistribution , productive work is discouraged , and real wealth creation suffers .
Others emphasize the pragmatic , pointing out that EU members can achieve far more in foreign\/defense policy by working together than on their own .
For NATO would become a framework in which two major powers , instead of one big and 18 smaller ones , coordinate policies and responses to crises .
As labor costs continue to climb , is China set to lose its coveted spot as the world 's workshop ?
The average cost for a worker is $ 1.08 per hour in China 's coastal provinces and $ 0.55-0 .80 in the inland provinces .
This requires a framework that takes into account , among other things , developmental possibilities , environmental concerns , labor conditions , and community interests , and that is adaptable to changing circumstances .
My mother , who then became President , also had an enduring message : the democracy that we had regained at such a high price could be ensured only by a vigorous commitment to making its institutions work .
Our diplomacy is also focused on protecting the well-being of the roughly ten million Filipinos working overseas .
Turkey 's transformation has already put an end to the Cold War-style security-state apparatus that ruled the country for half a century , and has changed the framework of the country 's domestic and foreign policy .
But will this same formula still work for Brazil in the future ?
Nowhere is this more true than in Latin America and the Caribbean , where the uneven blows of history and varied national policies have resulted in a patchwork of fates for our many peoples .
Although such incidents reveal a troubling level of mistrust between the Chinese and Japanese that is not merely a product of media coverage , it is noteworthy that both governments have worked consistently , diligently , and with considerable success to resolve such problems and contain their political fallout .
It worked .
That , in turn , has reflected the fall in labor income as a share of the economy , owing in part to structural changes that have moved workers out of agriculture -LRB- where the labor share of income is high -RRB- and into manufacturing -LRB- where capital commands a larger share of income -RRB- .
Recently , I attended an IMF-organized workshop in Beijing that brought together Chinese officials , academics , international analysts , and IMF staff to discuss how best to catalyze household consumption in China .
The Liberals make the sensible argument that anybody with a job should get a work visa , but that knowledge of Swedish be a citizenship requirement and that unemployed immigrants be barred from receiving social benefits for five years .
By 1998 , Russia already had achieved a critical mass of markets and private enterprise , while the financial crash of that year worked like a catharsis , forcing the government to abolish enterprise subsidies that underpinned a devastating budget deficit of some 9 % of GDP .
Western democracies have prided themselves on institutional checks and balances , but obviously these mechanisms did not work during the crisis or the preceding boom .
If countries in the region embrace the idea , a network of current EU and NATO members could step forward with projects and assistance aimed at promoting a Black Sea identity and community .
Instead , Syria 's rulers are offering inducements to ensure that key constituencies remain in line -- laptops for teachers , subsidies for public-sector workers , and empty reformist rhetoric .
On the contrary , with a young , well-educated population unable to find suitable work , the regime has created its own cadre of potential protestors , who are aware that it is using empty slogans to keep the state of emergency and stay in power .
Far from burdening an already over-stressed , over-stretched global economy , environmental investments are exactly what is needed to get people back to work , get order books flowing , and assist in powering economies back to health .
Other elements of Lee 's plan include construction of eco-friendly transportation networks , such as high-speed railways and hundreds of kilometers of bicycle tracks , and generating energy using waste methane from landfills . The package also counts on investments in hybrid vehicle technologies .
This work is set to expand as more than 40 million tons of invasive alien plants are harvested for power-station fuel .
A strategy for a Global Green New Deal , tailored to different national challenges , will be fleshed out in order to assist world leaders and ministers craft stimulus packages that work on multiple fronts .
Since then , two parallel transitions have been taking place : one toward democracy , and the other , in the field of drug trafficking , toward a paramilitary\/mafioso framework .
For it democracy , equality , political liberalism , separation of state and church , equality between the sexes , secularism -- are all the work of the Devil .
Pious talk about reworking the UN sanctions is another version of the second alternative - that is , of doing nothing .
In the Shi'a south , still reeling from the brutal suppression of the ill-fated 1991 rebellion , contacts must be created and networks established .
Even the pacific Czechs and Slovaks found it easier to develop their respective democratic structures through a velvet divorce rather than be joined in an unworkable marriage .
Finally , Palestinians have been exposed not only to the obvious hardships of occupation while living under Israeli rule for the better part of four decades ; they were also able to experience , at close range , a liberal democracy at work - a free press , an independent judiciary , and political pluralism .
Into this vacuum burst Hamas , with its network of schools , welfare services , community centers , and support organizations .
President Bill Clinton stepped in , and prevailed upon the two sides to work out their remaining disagreements .
Under such circumstances , calling Mitchell 's work up to now a failure is the only polite -- and realistic -- thing to do .
The reason for these differences is simple : democratic transition requires not only elections , but also several pre-conditions -- a vibrant civil society ; previous traditions , whether actual or remembered , of representation , pluralism , tolerance , and individualism ; a limited role of religion ; and an effective institutional framework for a multi-party system .
At the moment , only the army -- which has effectively ruled the country since 1952 -- and the Muslim Brotherhood , which has the widest social networks , appear to be serious players .
Yet these good-neighborhood policies did not work out as intended .
A genuine and inclusive process will require engaging with the whole spectrum of Afghan civil society , including rights organizations , women 's groups , the clergy , public intellectuals , and influential tribal networks .
But health is also about wellness , the security of life , and the capacity to work and learn .
Anticipatory city planning , based on realistic demographic forecasts , patient registers , and health-information systems , as well as participation in urban health-knowledge networks , needs to be implemented .
This includes new and affordable technologies , such as low-cost mobile telephony for use by community-health workers .
All European states are members of the Council of Europe , all have signed the European Convention on Human Rights , 39 of the 46 member states have adopted the Framework Convention for the Protection of National Minorities , and 14 have ratified Protocol 12 on the prohibition against discrimination . Nevertheless , the living conditions of many Roma remain appalling .
The IMF should work closely with the Financial Stability Forum , the Bank for International Settlements and other relevant international bodies .
In particular , the Fund should enhance its understanding of the links between supervisory frameworks and macroeconomic conditions , including balance-of-payments and exchange-rate developments , by leveraging the wealth of cross-country information and expertise that it acquires through missions to its 185 members .
It needs to rethink how to address financial stability in its day-to-day work with members . Financial sector analysis should become fully integrated into the IMF 's surveillance activities .
Indeed , capital-flow volatility could make short work of the flexible exchange rate on offer under ERM II - a 15 % fluctuation band either side of a central parity .
Success here would allow candidate countries to start reaping the benefits of greater price transparency , reduced transaction costs , and a solid macroeconomic framework .
Equally important were Friedman 's contributions to influencing public opinion through works that addressed the role of the state in society .
Although he did not win all his intellectual battles , rarely can it be said with as much certainty that a man was great , and that the work that he has left behind will retain enduring influence .
Some political leaders explain that nuclear fusion is at work in the sun , and that , thanks to ITER , we will harness it .
But if fusion is ever to work in industrial power stations , it will take many decades .
As a result , European citizens ' elected representatives will be better able to scrutinize the work of the Commission .
Moreover , the means to work together effectively are often lacking .
The Treaty introduces major improvements here , enabling us to work together more effectively to achieve our aims .
Democracy has taken root in almost every corner of Europe , and Europeans now have far greater freedom to live , work , and study where and how they wish .
The Constitutional Treaty is a reflection of our wish to continue in the same vein , to carry on working together .
Common sense suggests that the `` majority of the people , '' whom the CCP is supposed to `` represent , '' should include workers .
But the CCP long ago abandoned the workers .
Unlike workers or peasants , students include people from all levels of society , so whatever mobilizes them represents society 's focus at that time .
What will become of several hundred million rural peasants and jobless workers in sunset industries ?
The CCP no longer represents workers and peasants , but it can represent the `` majority of the people , '' including `` red '' capitalists .
First , the five main nuclear-weapon states have not taken seriously their NPT obligation to work for nuclear disarmament .
Fourth , export controls have failed to prevent the spread of sensitive nuclear technology , not least due to the sophisticated efforts of clandestine networks like the one run by Pakistani nuclear scientist A.Q. Khan .
Many Moldovans , indeed , already have Romanian passports so that they can travel and work in the EU .
Most Moldovan emigrants work in the EU , and almost 75 % of Moldova 's population support EU membership .
Similarly , while India 's information technology-enabled services have gained an international reputation , the total number of people employed in this sector is less than 0.5 % of India 's workforce . As such , it can not , by itself , transform the Indian economy .
As anyone who has worked in Tibet recently knows well , this was an inexactitude : since at least 1996 , all Tibetans who work for the government and all Tibetan students in Tibet have been forbidden any Buddhist practice , even though it is illegal under Chinese law to stop people from practicing an official religion .
His group was awarded a major environmental prize from Ford Motor Company in 2006 , and in 2008 the Chinese government described him and his organization as `` an extremely beneficial supplement to the government 's environmental protection work . ''
This February , China 's most important paper , the People 's Daily , published a large photograph of him receiving the award , together with praise of his work .
Indeed , a book praising the brothers for their work , Tianzhu -LRB- `` Heavenly Beads '' -RRB- , was published in China late last year , to wide acclaim .
UN Secretary Ban Ki-moon has created a working group to define a common plan of action , and France 's President Nicolas Sarkozy has proposed a global partnership for food .
Indeed , agriculture remains the primary productive sector in the world 's poorest countries , employing 65 % of the working population and , on average , contributing more than 25 % to GDP .
We need to revisit the structures of global governance , to ensure that they work better for people everywhere , and in the interests of both current and future generations .
The WTO framework , to which the EU has always given priority , is increasingly recognized as being fundamental to our prosperity .
We can only tackle this if we work together .
We need to revisit the structures of global governance , to ensure that they work better for people everywhere , and in the interests of both present and future generations .
The WTO framework to which the EU has always given a priority is increasingly recognized as fundamental to our prosperity .
We can only tackle this if we work together .
They should focus on the special problems of controlled companies and on the rules that would work best for protecting smaller investors in such companies .
For such a mechanism to work well , it must link the number of assignments won by raters , and thus their compensation , to appropriate measures of their performance .
But to make ratings work , the raters need to be rated .
Besides , working in Beijing is itself a constant struggle of conscience and compromise .
The government and army worked hand in hand with legions of volunteers and private networks to rescue quake victims .
A revolutionary force in international relations is one whose level of dissatisfaction with the status quo is such that it works to undermine it at any price .
Restoring Britain 's reputation in the region will take years of hard work .
Of course , the idea is held back by the inner workings of both parts of the proposed alliance . Many in the West question whether Islam is compatible with human rights and Western concepts of liberty .
The war has pulverized Iraqi society , dissolving it into an ethno-sectarian patchwork .
Only such `` reverse engineering , '' starting at the end and working backward -- and legitimized and monitored by strict international mechanisms -- might yet save the prospects for an Israeli\/Palestinian peace from ruin .
Loss of mutual trust between the parties , and their total incapacity to take even the smallest step towards each other , let alone to observe their commitments without prodding by third parties , made -LRB- and still makes -RRB- an international framework for peace the only way out of the dangerous impasse .
Europe might not intimidate , but it certainly inspires , and Israel should have an interest in encouraging a judicious role for Europe in building a framework for peace , stability , and cooperation in the region .
But the changing international environment , the threat of uncontrolled nuclear proliferation in the Middle East , and the new policies being worked out in the US might all be good reasons for Israel to consider revising its nuclear doctrine .
After all , the current strategy has not really worked either as a deterrent against conventional attacks -LRB- which persisted throughout the years that Israel supposedly developed its nuclear arsenal -RRB- or as a warning to rivals -LRB- such as Iran -RRB- against developing a nuclear weapon .
For the Israelis , cooperation with NATO is a major component of legitimacy in its frequently troubled relations with the West ; for NATO , cooperation serves its capacity to work in new theaters of operation and respond to the changing profile of the threats it confronts .
Under this framework , multilateral cooperation in combating terrorism and the spread of weapons of mass destruction was offered to the region 's main actors .
Just as Islamic democracy is the natural reaction to Arab secular autocracy and to the West 's collaboration with it , so will the destruction of political Islam usher in even more extreme options with movements like Hamas going back to social work and terror , and with al-Qaeda making inroads into Islamic societies .
That was also the logic of the Barcelona Process in the late 1990 's , whereby the European Union worked to promote the development and democratization of the countries of the Maghreb as the best way to stem the uncontrolled tide of illegal immigration into Europe .
So long as the Haitian state remains fragile and the Haitian economy continues to decompose , the network of mafias living on illegal immigration into the Dominican Republic will continue to flourish .
His was a truly revolutionary shift from the politics of saber-rattling to the hard work of establishing regional peace .
A democracy that excludes religion from public life entirely , à la France , can not work in Egypt .
After all , such a democracy does not work in Israel , or even in the US , a country that G. K. Chesterton described as having `` the soul of a church . ''
Iran is working to ensure that free elections open the way to truly Islamic regimes in the Arab world , while Turkey assumes that its own political brand , a synthesis of Islam and democracy with secular values , should ultimately prevail .
Turkey was wrong to try to gain wider influence in the Middle East by working with the region 's revolutionary forces .
Simultaneously , the international community must help make the unity government work by recognizing Hamas ' right to govern in exchange for a performance-based stability plan .
The strategy worked well , and helped defuse Islamic opposition to the wrenching changes that accompanied the country 's rapid economic modernization .
As an integral part of the CFSP , today 's ESDP and tomorrow 's Common Security and Defense Policy will work only if the member states responsible for implementing them allocate the resources that they need .
This model has worked remarkably well not just in generating growth , but also , as documented in the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development 's 2008 Transition Report , in improving the institutions that support markets and democracy in Eastern Europe .
Similarly , emerging economies in Latin America changed their economic-policy course after devastating crises -- in some cases a series of them -- and moved toward strengthening monetary frameworks to reduce dollarization and build local capital markets , liberalize markets , and improve governance .
Yet , despite valiant attempts by the new European Banking Authority to mandate and coordinate the measures that are needed , a European solution must take account of the network of foreign subsidiaries across Europe .
When the global crisis erupted in 2008 , there was no regulatory framework to protect the cross-border networks , and large vulnerabilities , in the form of excessive leverage and foreign exchange , were exposed .
According to Time magazine , 400,000 European researchers now work in the US .
Demographic change in the US is also working to change America 's global orientation .
Whatever decisions are taken , it is also clear that preparatory work must begin as soon as possible , and at least before the end of the year .
- At the Cold War 's end , Nato redefined itself as a stability network for all the Euro-Atlantic community , which includes Eastern Europe 's new democracies .
Even if some Nato members want to distance themselves from this strategy , the Bush Administration unambiguously supports Nato 's role as a stability network .
The US is going through one of its phases of redefining the world , which usually ends with helping the world work .
With the help of powerful groups within the US Administration , the Israeli government succeeded in redefining America 's enemy in the `` war on terror '' to mean not only Osama bin Laden 's globally operating Al Qaeda network , but every militant group of Palestinians that resists Israel 's occupation .
A decisive US effort behind President Bush 's initial call for the immediate withdrawal of Israeli troops from the occupied territories could have worked .
Chechen fighters and Kashmiri insurgents apparently receive financial support , weapons and training from sources linked to bin Laden 's network .
But instead of offering ready solutions for the rest to endorse , leadership will have to consist of working with the other members , patiently and discretely , so that all or at last most feel they are involved in formulating common positions .
In the past , German governments rightly took pride in being seen by the smaller members as their best partner , essential for the Franco-German leadership to work .
But the Mainz meeting will not bring the two sides closer to working out a common position on any of these issues , or even to seeing the other side 's point of view .
The drafters of the farewell communiqué are , no doubt , already at work listing all the issues on which the two governments see eye to eye .
This strategy has not worked and will not work .
If , on the other hand , it works out a consensus on more economic and possibly even military punishment , the UN 's credibility would depend on whether these moves produce Iranian compliance .
It will require years of hard work to reconcile America 's resources and requirements , and to ensure that its initiatives can once again be seen as designed not to serve narrow US ideologies , but to advance a fair international order .
That arrangement no longer works .
Myth 2 : `` Free trade may increase economic prosperity , but it is bad for the working class . ''
Moreover , workers profit from lower prices for imported goods like clothing and electronics .
Many proponents of semiconductor chips also presumed that what you worked at determined whether , in your outlook , you would be a dunce -LRB- producing potato chips -RRB- or a `` with-it '' modernist -LRB- producing semiconductor chips -RRB- .
Equally distressing is Obama 's decision in August 13 to sign a bill , approved in a rare special session of the Senate , that raises visa fees on H1 -LRB- b -RRB- and L-1 temporary work visas in order to pay for higher border-enforcement expenditures .
Thus , it was asserted that a tax on foreign workers would reduce the numbers coming in and `` taking jobs away '' from American citizens . Many supporters of the proposal claimed , incoherently , that it would simultaneously discourage foreign workers from entering the US and increase revenues .
This makes it harder for companies to get governmental support to hire skilled immigrants with H1 -LRB- b -RRB- visas : they must first show that they have not laid off or plan to lay off American workers in similar occupations .
The fee applies to both foreign and US firms that employ at least 50 workers , of which 50 % or more are H1 -LRB- b -RRB- workers .
But US firms have additional access to foreign workers under the immigration laws .
A malign example is Philip Morris 's donation of money to museums , symphony orchestras , and opera houses , cynically aimed at buying off artists who might otherwise work to ban cigarettes .
As it happened , however , both giants slept on -- until the 1980 's in China and the early 1990 's in India -- mainly because both countries embraced a counter-productive policy framework that crippled the productivity of their investment efforts .
After progressively dismantling their inefficient policy frameworks in favor of `` liberal '' reforms , the two giants began to stride forth .
And , once again , China seemed to be the horse to bet on : it grew faster , because it changed its policy framework much faster than democracy permits .
After World War II , the West dismantled barriers to trade and investment flows , and worked to eliminate exchange controls and move to currency convertibility .
The longstanding stagnation in wages for unskilled labor was attributed to low-cost , labor-intensive imports , ignoring the corollary that Western workers ' consumption of labor-intensive Asian goods offset the effect on real wages .
After that , further efficiencies require shedding workers .
Cheap Asian televisions gave Western households the wherewithal to purchase PC 's powered by Intel microprocessors and Microsoft software , which are designed by engineering graduates who would otherwise have worked for TV manufacturers .
To be sure , the speed and magnitude of the integration of nearly a billion Chinese and Indian workers into global labor markets is unprecedented and will hurt some workers and communities in developed countries .
A Chinese worker simply can not buy the same goods and services as a worker in the EU , and workers in low-wage countries spend only a small portion of their incomes on EU products .
Manufacturing employment in the US fell in 2003 to its lowest level since 1964 , but thanks to a tripling in output per worker , total manufacturing output was roughly three times larger .
In fact , the financial statements of mega-banks are impenetrable works of fiction or wishful thinking .
But the real question is which policies work best .
For example , during the referendum campaign in France for the European constitution , the `` Polish plumber '' became a symbol of the threat that European integration was supposed to pose to French workers ' standards of living .
Middle-class people in Poland are being hit by the increased cost of the services of skilled workers , such as plumbers , and also of the less skilled , such as decorators , and the highly skilled but low paid , such as doctors .
The corruption networks surrounding the old Soviet pipeline system carrying gas from Siberia to Western Europe have obviously impeded Ukraine 's political development .
Another index of nuclear-power accidents -- this one including costs beyond death and property damage , such as injured or irradiated workers and malfunctions that did not result in shutdowns or leaks -- documented 956 incidents from 1942 to 2007 .
In September 1994 , an explosion at Indonesia 's Serpong research reactor was triggered by the ignition of methane gas that had seeped from a storage room and exploded when a worker lit a cigarette .
A new report from the `` Breaking the Climate Deadlock '' project , a strategic partnership between my office and The Climate Group , shows how major reductions even by 2020 are achievable if we focus action on certain key technologies , deploy policies that have been proven to work , and invest now in developing those future technologies that will take time to mature .
What faith communities have working in their favor are networks , infrastructure , and influential leaders to deliver health messages .
When well resourced , faith leaders can adopt holistic approaches to major killer diseases and use their networks effectively for immunization and combating pandemics .
The Tony Blair Faith Foundation has been in consultation with the country 's religious leaders and inter-faith association to develop a national program with the Ministry of Health that would promote the government 's key public-health messages , participate in education for bed-net use , and use available health assets and faith community networks .
Consumers gain , but some workers lose .
By any estimate , with a decent safety net for workers who lose their jobs , the benefits of deregulation far exceed the costs and the pain they cause .
By contrast , the costs are localized : airline workers who risk losing their jobs are intensely aware of the connection between deregulation and layoffs .
To take just one example , eliminating the monopoly that notaries public hold in countries like France and Italy would substantially decrease the costs of buying and selling homes , decrease the cost of housing , and make it less costly for workers to move to where the jobs are .
The fundamental economic mechanism that determined how the world worked was the struggle for rents between workers and capitalists .
The old rhetoric , after all , still resonates powerfully with the most destitute parts of the electorate : minimum wage workers , the long-term unemployed , and all those who feel that anything would be better than what they have now .
Monetary and fiscal policy are working at full throttle in the US , but are muzzled in Europe .
As the now ten-year-old Japanese slump tells us , once deflation and contraction have established themselves , standard policies stop working .
Ms. Park once pledged to provide loans for working-class families from elementary school to college years , while contending that local universities should be empowered to have more autonomy .
And today , after two turbulent decades , they seem to be converging toward a more unified and sustainable framework .
Second , although countries have laid the groundwork for sustainable growth in a number of areas , the reform agenda remains vast , and most countries are not yet able to avoid the boom-and-bust cycles that have long plagued them .
Rapidly expanding demand for skilled workers can not be satisfied as long as average schooling still totals eight years .
In the wake of the death of the utopian - and often bloody - certainties of the 19th and 20th centuries -LRB- Communism 's collapse was but the latest spectacular example -RRB- , and with fading belief in the liberal welfare state , traditional views about work , retirement , education , the Church , solidarity , and other social institutions are changing rapidly .
Not so long ago , issues such as the environment , the balance of work versus leisure in daily life , and the role of marriage , abortion , and other family concerns were secondary political disputes , as politicians fought over who would receive what share of a nation 's wealth .
Such obstacles include the absence of an informed and capable workforce , instinctive mistrust and rejection of new ideas and technologies just because they come from the West , lack of respect for those who acquire new knowledge , and endemic discrimination against women .
So , can the SGP be made to work in favor , rather than against , structural reforms , without abandoning the rules-based approach of the SGP ?
Moreover , the Commission has already worked to harmonize the assumptions needed to forecast public pension outlays and achieve cross-country comparability .
Since 1995 , there were 26 reforms of migration policies in the EU-15 : two-thirds tightened regulations by increasing procedural obstacles faced by visa applicants , reducing the duration of work permits , or making family reunification more difficult .
Now , unsurprisingly , these temporary workers form the major pool where jobs are being destroyed .
Those who are now leaving school and entering the job market run the risk of becoming a lost generation , like their Japanese cohorts who began their working lives at the beginning of Japan 's downturn in the 1990 's .
That is exactly what happened in Sweden during its financial crisis in the 1990 's , when the share of temporary workers in total employment increased from 10 % to 16 % , despite massive layoffs from fixed-term contracts .
Such contracts involve less investment in on-the-job training , as temporary workers offer a sort of buffer to employers .
Temporary workers also do not have access to bank loans and mortgages in many countries .
In countries like Germany , Italy , and the Netherlands , the rise in unemployment has been contained so far by massive use of short-time working schemes , which freeze workers with permanent contracts into their current jobs .
What is certain is that freezing workers in their current jobs under today 's conditions makes entering the labor market even more difficult for youngsters .
They need to define as soon as possible a labor-market entry strategy that encourages employers not only to hire young workers , but also to train them .
Short-term contracts become a self-fulfilling prophecy , insofar as training is not provided on the job , and hence such workers are less productive and more vulnerable to shocks .
An entry strategy for young workers based on completing the reforms of employment protection carried out in most OECD countries in the last 20 years could offer them a clear `` tenure track . ''
Under this scheme , job-security provisions , mainly in the form of mandated severance payments , should increase steadily as workers acquire seniority .
This would not discourage new hires under open-ended contracts , as employers would continue to benefit from substantial flexibility at the start of a worker 's employment , when the quality of new hires is being assessed .
Cohorts entering the labor market during recessions typically ask for far more protection and state intervention during their entire working life than cohorts that enter the labor market in normal times .
The current recession will be truly over only when new cohorts of workers are able to enter the labor market quickly and through the main door .
The first decision was to reduce taxes on overtime work , a measure clearly aimed at increasing the number of hours worked .
Needless to say , as unemployment rose and many other countries decreased hours worked in order to contain job losses , tax reductions on overtime were phased out and the scope of short-time work was enhanced .
These unsettled areas have become infiltrated by a multinational anti-state terror network -LRB- Al Qaeda , Taliban , the Haqqani network , and roughly 14 definable anti-state elements operating in the FATA alone -RRB- , which the US government calls `` anti-coalition militias '' and are far more sinister and interconnected than the West imagines .
With five years of Iraqi experience -- and powerful communication and financial support behind them -- this network is growing rapidly .
These organizations work with the people to assess their needs and then build the institutions to deliver care .
France and Germany will soon have a common army -- they already have a common currency -- yet the survival of national teams channels , within a strictly limited framework , lingering rivalry between the two countries .
At a moment when integration is being debated in France , Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work -- while never betraying himself or his Algerian origins .
It is obvious that he could one day become a tremendous ambassador of peace , or for children , working with the United Nations or another international organization .
She has slim and politically minor ministerial experience -- Environment Minister in 1992-1993 , Deputy Minister for Secondary Education in 1997-2000 , and Minister for Family Affairs in 2000-2002 -- and has drawn attention mainly for her work on subjects related to daily problems , such as kids ' TV programs and mistreatment in schools .
Let us imagine that they could then work hand in hand to host the biggest sporting event in the world .
Over the last 80 years , women in democratic societies have struggled to be recognized and treated as citizens endowed with equal rights . The right to own property , vote , work , divorce , the right to choose whether or not to have children have been secured only through political struggle .
Networks of local practitioners , non-governmental organizations and politicians are collaborating to confront the issue of female genital mutilation at a national level and to publicize it .
To circumvent the harsh legal regime now in place narcotics mafias have forged ever-tighter alliances with terrorist networks .
An `` International Anti-Prohibitionist League '' is now at work , calling for repeal or amendment of the UN treaties in order to allow for experimentation with legalization by individual nations .
We must modify not only the working mechanisms of the UN , but also its composition .
President George W. Bush has stated that he would `` work with Iraqis to develop a way to try -LRB- Saddam Hussein -RRB- that will withstand international scrutiny . ''
This proposal was originally made by the Senlis Council , an independent organization based in Paris , during a workshop in Kabul last September .
Illicit Afghan networks , replicating well-known methods that organized crime has applied successfully for decades in other parts of the world , are mobile and resourceful , and can plug into a range of legal economic activities to sustain themselves .
Governments , international organizations and individuals that participate in the London conference must not dismiss the call made by the European Parliament , for it offers a far more workable strategy to promote Afghanistan 's future than the current counter-narcotics policies permit .
Before the international community established the ICC , there were two ad hoc tribunals -- one for the former Yugoslavia and one for Rwanda . Their work paved the way for the ICC .
If Italy and the EU had not understood the need to work with non-European countries , and make them feel that they were responsible and fully-fledged protagonists , the efforts to establish the ICC and be so close to declare a universal moratorium on the death penalty would have failed .
I know that this is not exactly a new lesson , but it is what I have in mind when I think of efficient multilateralism . Not only does it work , but , above all , in some cases , it is the only way of moving forward .
As coordination among sovereign states has plainly not worked , only two possibilities are left .
The glacially technocratic and apolitical International Monetary Fund , in its latest report on the eurozone , goes as far as mentioning `` political union and ex ante fiscal risk sharing '' as conditions for any monetary union to work .
Prime candidates are diplomacy and foreign policy -LRB- including development and humanitarian aid -RRB- , immigration , border control , some infrastructural projects with European-wide network effects , large-scale research and development projects , and regional re-distribution .
Without Mexican manpower , much of the work in the US simply would not get done .
In the early 1980 's , when US unemployment reached almost 11 % , many workers moved from the so-called Rust Belt -- the hardest-hit industrial area of the upper Midwest -- to other parts of the country .
This raises the old question about whether a currency union can work without a fiscal union , or at least stronger and more binding fiscal rules -LRB- the Maastricht deficit commitments are too easily breached -RRB- .
In recent years , net migration has reversed , with hundreds of thousands of workers and their families leaving the state in search of better job opportunities elsewhere .
Illegal immigrants perform a substantial share of the state economy 's menial and physically demanding work .
Absent a sensible guest-worker program , they remain in the shadows , and they and their children crowd public services .
But its political class will have to confront some hard realities and face up to the fact that Californians who pay no income tax -LRB- almost half the workforce -RRB- will have to start paying for services , and that services will have to be more carefully targeted .
But the size of the welfare state -- and the erosion of incentives to work , save , and invest , owing to high taxes and bloated transfer payments -- is a major impediment to faster income growth .
Despite stress tests , bailout funds , and continual meetings , a permanent workable fix has so far eluded European policymakers .
But letting questionable banks gradually recapitalize themselves and resolving the bad debt later -- perhaps with European Brady Bonds -LRB- zero-coupon bonds which in the 1990 's enabled US banks and Latin American countries to agree to partial write-downs -RRB- -- wo n't work if the losses are too large or the recovery is too fragile .
Will near-zero interest rates , financial-sector bailouts , and fiscal stimulus work ?
A more effective stimulus would speed up spending that needs to be done anyway . Or cut taxes to change the marginal calculus of firms on layoffs and consumers on spending -- for example , by suspending the payroll tax on firms and workers for a year or suspending part or all of the sales tax or national value-added tax .
Several months later , only 4 % -6 % of the funds have been spent , and the federal government is brow-beating state governments -- for example , demanding that California rescind a small pay cut for some unionized workers or lose $ 7 billion in stimulus funds .
The foreclosure relief plan is off to an even slower start , and is likely to run into numerous problems concerning how to rework delinquent mortgages without inducing a lot more delinquencies .
Instead , Obama could , for example , have suspended the payroll tax for a year , getting money directly into people 's pockets quickly and decreasing the need for firms to lay off workers .
Determining the size of likely losses is necessary to decide whether banks ' retained earnings from profitable ongoing operations and their ability to raise private capital will allow them to work down their toxic assets over time .
Or are the losses so large -- and in danger of mounting further as others -LRB- such as commercial real estate -RRB- are added -- that a gradual workout is unlikely , if not impossible ?
Gradualism and profitability , and eventually US Brady bonds , worked in the Latin American debt crisis in the 1980 's .
All economists agree that we should allow the automatic stabilizers to work .
But it would be foolish for the government to subsidize a particular search engine or social-networking platform .
When states got waivers for time limits and work or training requirements for welfare recipients , they were so successful that federal welfare reform followed .
Competition among localities -- for example , between states for businesses and workers , and between school districts for students -- can lead to more efficient and effective allocation of public resources .
The constitutional balanced-budget rules -LRB- for operating budgets , with borrowing allowed for capital spending such as school construction -RRB- found in many US states have by and large worked well , and Germany has recently moved in this direction .
In such a medicalized framework it is morally and legally almost irrelevant who finally administers the lethal drug : if physicians are closely involved , there is no reason why they should not administer the lethal drug themselves .
Although Belgium recently followed the Dutch way of regulating voluntary active euthanasia in a strictly medicalized framework , it is precisely this sort of regulation that is increasingly challenged .
Given that this framework extends far beyond any medical expertise , it is not surprising that no medical association anywhere in the world has so far embraced the Dutch regulation .
However , to ensure that the European whole is greater than the sum of its parts , and to guarantee fairness to all Union members , all EU states must work within the parameters of EU policy , as they have in the case of Ukraine .
This will require much work on the part of both immigrants and native Dutch .
And , by definition , it would work only if the trust is funded on a public basis .
Odinga worked hard to help elect Kibaki in 2002 , only to see Kibaki renege on a similar pledge .
It worked .
As long as voters are worried about their wallets , Democrats and Republicans will compete to defend American workers .
Both governments know the stakes are too high for both economies , and Obama and Hu will continue to work hard to try to keep things moving in a constructive direction .
That is why the `` world 's most powerful people '' will now have a much harder time working together to meet today 's toughest challenges .
The absence of a stable framework will force investors to re-think asset-allocation decisions and risk pricing .
Though satellite television , mobile phones , and online social networking can force some authoritarians to become more responsive to popular demands , governments can also use these technologies to identify and isolate threats , monitor communications among activists , and transmit messages of their own .
Governments in Armenia , Azerbaijan , Belarus , and Uzbekistan have infiltrated and undermined civil-society organizations , kicked out Western observers and aid workers , and leaned on local courts to guarantee favorable election-related rulings .
The few Saudi demonstrations appear populated almost entirely by minority Shia , who find little sympathy among majority Sunnis , and by foreign construction workers petitioning for higher wages and better working conditions .
In December 2004 , Dokubu 's militias took 75 oil workers hostage and forced Shell to shut down about 10 % of the country 's oil supply .
A splinter group , the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta , has claimed credit for several recent attacks and kidnappings of foreign workers , and says it will not retreat until Delta states gain control of the revenue produced by locally extracted oil .
Shell has closed key facilities in the Delta after the abduction of several workers .
Moreover , during the political standoff , Calderon has worked behind the scenes to form an administration and to settle on a governing strategy .
But , while some within the US government argue that similar sanctions induced North Korea to compromise on its nuclear program , there are several reasons why the same strategy is unlikely to work with Iran .
First and foremost , targeted sanctions did not , in fact , really work with North Korea .
As a result , the US and North Korea have agreed a deal that differs from the Clinton-era `` Agreed Framework , '' mainly because North Korea now has a track record as both a deal breaker and a nuclear weapons state .
So , when technology permits -LRB- and I think it can and will -RRB- , why do n't we work directly on humans ?
Indeed , it was the basis on which Belgian Foreign Minister Paul-Henri Spaak and his colleagues worked when setting the scene for the Treaty of Rome and the European Economic Community .
Once President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing and Federal Chancellor Helmut Schmidt made the joint Franco German proposal for the Economic and Monetary Union -LRB- EMU -RRB- , both Belgium and the Netherlands worked together to achieve that common goal .
The Dutch proposed bringing all European decision-making ? economic , foreign policy , justice , and home affairs ? into a single framework .
Belgium and the Netherlands need to resuscitate their cooperative efforts within the Benelux framework .
In June , a consortium led by Pinchuk and Rinat Akhmetov , a Donetsk magnate , bought a stateâ  ` owned steelworks in an auction allegedly rigged to specifically exclude foreign bidders offering two or three times as much .
Instead of closing doors , such a redefinition of the statehood bid at the UN would provide the Palestinian leadership with a much-needed symbolic success , including a framework from which to restart negotiations -- a longstanding Palestinian demand .
However , its members do not necessarily oppose social legislation that benefits working people -- especially when white workers are privileged -- and some even retain a positive image of the New Deal .
Its interventionist measures wo n't work . They are unrealistic and , ultimately , counterproductive .
The emphasis should be on building coalitions among the relatively moderate states that are threatened by radical Islamist forces , and on working hard to prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons -- a goal that is in the interests of many in the region .
With alternatives to the status quo constrained , it has become clear that Israel is in a long transitional period in which old ideas do n't work and a new approach is needed .
· To work for the international isolation of Iran , Hezbollah , and Hamas ;
In other words , it is a group with which Israel can work on status quo issues , though not on a comprehensive agreement .
If we work together , guided by a sense of urgency and common destiny , these negotiations can help steer the ship of the global economy toward less turbulent , greener waters and into a safe harbor .
In Poznan , developed and developing nations must find a shared vision of how this will work , striking a deal whereby rich countries lead by example in cutting emissions while providing the developing world with resources and know-how to ramp up their own climate change efforts .
Only a multilateral settlement among all major actors can ensure a smoothly working global order -- a cause advanced in late 2008 , when the technical G-20 forum was quickly upgraded to a full summit in charge of global governance .
Consider the Internet , a network of connected nodes invented in the 1960 's , at the height of the Cold War , to preserve the United States from total chaos after a nuclear attack on its nerve centers .
Global finance has been one of the most eager beneficiaries of these trends , using Internet networks not just as a tool to conduct operations with greater efficiency and velocity , but also as a means to circumvent state supervision .
It now takes only a computer and Internet connection to cause serious trouble : intrusion by hackers into protected networks , or the introduction of havoc-wreaking software viruses and worms in sensitive information systems .
Of course , access to a networked world has also balanced state power in positive ways , by giving a formidable boost to independent advocacy , as seen in the online campaign to ban landmines and the treaty that ratified its success -- despite opposition by powerful states .
While WikiLeaks has certainly not had a similar effect , it epitomizes the extent of the individual 's empowerment in a networked world .
We simply had reached the end of our endurance with the omnipresent and all-powerful communist apparatchiks who ruled in our workplaces , neighborhoods , even places of rest .
This meant that Solidarity -- ostensibly a labor union -- became a home for people from all social groups and classes in Poland : workers and intellectuals , engineers and artists , doctors and patients .
The union itself is a shell of its own former self , a partisan and mostly right-wing movement of workers buffeted by the new economic reality .
Improvement in the India-Pakistan relationship -- the main obstacle to greater economic cooperation in South Asia -- has come whenever the two countries ' governments have agreed to work together to achieve a common good .
That happened in 2004 , when , after agreeing to initiate what they called a `` composite dialogue '' that would cover eight issues that had kept them apart for decades , India and Pakistan also agreed to work towards the creation of the South Asia Free Trade Area -LRB- SAFTA -RRB- .
The strategy may work over the short term in winning export orders for British firms from India .
The strategy did n't work , and the lawyers returned to agitating .
Slower economic growth will cause a shortfall of jobs for new entrants to the workforce , thereby increasing the incidence of poverty .
`` Our institutions are working and democracy is functional , '' Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani told members of the Western press .
I repeated the conversation to Singh , who explained that in a democracy such as India , a great deal of work needs to be done with the members of the coalition and the senior bureaucracy before the prime minister can travel to Pakistan . `` Musharraf is a military leader ; he needs only to pack his bags and head this way . ''
After the match , Singh said that `` India and Pakistan should be working together to find cooperative solutions and need permanent reconciliation to live together in dignity and honor .
Two decades ago , Haqqani and several other warlords were funded and trained by Pakistan and the US working together . The Haqqani group has maintained good relations with ISI .
ISI is accused of watching over the Pakistani diaspora and of sponsoring unregistered lobbyists working to shape congressional opinion .
Only communist rulers could force millions of people to buy their complete works , filled with wooden ideas written in turgid prose .
Most , especially in Europe , are professional politicians with no experience apart from working the levers of party machines .
The Americans -LRB- after initial reluctance -RRB- had to do the dirty work .
When the offspring of manual workers imported from countries such as Turkey and Morocco in the 1960 's began to form large Muslim minorities in European cities , tensions rose in working-class neighborhoods .
The Strange Death of Multiculturalism An ideology which holds that people from different cultures must live in separate communities within a country , should not take an interest in each other and must not criticise each other is both wrong and unworkable .
Long before the arrival of Muslim guest workers in the 1960 's and 1970 's Dutch society was in a sense ` multicultural ' in that it was already organised into Protestant , Catholic , liberal and socialist `` pillars , '' each with its own schools , hospitals , TV stations , papers and political parties .
When guest workers from Morocco and Turkey became de facto immigrants , some began to champion the creation of an additional Muslim pillar .
Of course , this will be easier if Muslims come to believe that the system also works to their benefit .
This is because the Chinese Communist Party 's monopoly on power can be justified only by continued rapid economic growth , without which workers and farmers will lose their jobs , and the urban middle classes their chance of increasing prosperity .
In the case of Mahathir , a twisted kind of Muslim solidarity is probably at work .
Most were not students , who started the peaceful demonstrations against corruption and autocracy , but ordinary workers , the sort of people a Communist Party ought to be standing up for .
In any case , it was not the place of the students , or the workers who supported them , to back any particular faction in the government .
The system worked in a fashion : LDP faction bosses took turns as prime minister , palms were greased by various business interests , more or less capable bureaucrats decided on domestic economic policies , and the United States took care of Japan 's security -LRB- and much of its foreign policy , too -RRB- .
This involved some strong-arm tactics , especially against the unions , but it worked mostly because the middle class settled for an informal deal : increased material prosperity in exchange for political acquiescence .
The victorious DPJ may not immediately set off any political fireworks .
And by no means do all those who work to protect the rights of others invoke the horrors of the Third Reich to justify Anglo-American armed intervention .
It is possible that many Americans are still so convinced that anyone who works hard will end up rich that they will support anything that favors billionaires .
They were treated as temporary workers , however , not as immigrants .
Immigrants -- not `` guest workers '' -- who come for work are more likely to want to integrate to some degree , and to be treated as fellow citizens , than people who come with the baggage of empire , or simply as refugees , or , worse , people pretending to be refugees because they have no other way to gain access to wealthy countries ' job markets .
Children of guest workers feel unwanted .
The Japanese government simply got rid of its Iranian guest workers when jobs dried up .
The same is true of Mexicans working in the US , often illegally .
But Europe -- and Japan , for that matter -- should start by making economic migration legitimate . This means working out what jobs need to be filled , and welcoming those who will fill them , not as guests , but as equal citizens .
But exploiting history to justify current violence will not work forever .
Unfortunately , this type of pressure could not work in China when its people demanded what other Asians had won .
The cynical way in which despots try to discredit all opposition as the work of foreign agents no doubt plays a part in this silence .
Outside Japan , it is widely believed that everything works differently there , owing to the country 's exotic culture .
The post-war political order , though no longer belligerent , was just as murky , with bureaucrats acting as the puppeteers of underfunded and ill-informed politicians , who operated regional pork-barrel operations together with big business , which in turn worked in cahoots with the bureaucrats .
So long as Japan was playing catch-up with the West , and government and industrial resources were concentrated on economic growth , the system worked quite well .
There are various reasons for this opposition -- some valid , some based on prejudice : Turkey is too big ; Turkish migrant workers might swamp other members ; Turkey has a shaky human rights record ; Turkey oppresses the Kurds ; Turkey has n't solved its problems with Greece over Cyprus .
As one highly educated Turk , working for an international organization , put it to me recently : `` We play football with them , sing songs with them on TV , do business with them , improved our human rights , and democratized our politics .
That 's right , said another Turk within earshot , a fluent English speaker who spent much time in London , worked for NGOs promoting human rights , and was jailed in the 1980 's for opposing the military regime : `` I hate Europe . I 'm not European , and who needs Europe , anyway ? ''
Now that the Turkish economy is thriving , there will be less reason for poor Turks to seek work in other countries , let alone `` swamp '' them .
True , the European working class , not to mention women , did not have voting rights 200 years ago .
But even during the most ruthless phases of Western capitalism , civil society in Europe and the US was made up of a huge network of organizations independent of the state -- churches , clubs , parties , societies , and associations that were available to all social classes .
It may be a Faustian bargain -- prosperity in exchange for political obedience -- but so far it has worked .
Could there be a better place to do business , build stadiums and skyscrapers , or sell information technology and media networks than a country without independent trade unions or any form of organized protest that could lower profits ?
Still , the politics of resentment works best when it can tap into real fears .
Democracy works only if there is a fair reporting of the issues being debated .
Lee must not only calculate how tough to be with North Korea in response to the death of the Cheonan sailors , but also find a way to keep working with Kim Jong-il 's police state .
Unfortunately , greater use of co-payments and deductibles , privatization of health-care infrastructure , and waiting lists for elective surgery and other non-emergency care are unlikely to work much better in the future than they have in the past .
If asset-price bubbles develop , balance sheets may look sound individually , but the entire network of interlinked asset-liability structures will become increasingly dependent on overvalued collateral , and thus vulnerable to financial contagion .
The unraveling of such a network -- through panic and runs against financial institutions , asset fire sales , credit crunches , and the like -- then becomes a nightmare for financial supervisors and monetary authorities alike .
Indeed , it may be that the framework for a state that can preside over a true democracy has yet to be created .
Two-thirds of Bolivians are dissatisfied with the way the Constituent Assembly has carried out its work , and a majority believes that the constitutional text is illegal .
But this is not inevitable , above all because Aymaras and non-Aymaras , Indians and non-Indians , will continue to work to preserve unity in democracy as the basis for a more just future .
Maybe capitalism works better when skeptics restrain its excesses than when true believers are writing , interpreting , judging , and executing the rules of the game .
Maybe that capitalism works better when it is being held accountable to some external standard than when left to its own devices .
The elected officials will be denied travel permits , workers from isolated Gaza barred from entering Israel , and every effort is being made to block funds to Palestinians .
The wall is designed to surround a truncated Palestine completely , and a network of exclusive highways will cut across what is left of Palestine to connect Israel with the Jordan River Valley .
This is why we and our fellow Elders are committed to drawing attention to the damage that child marriage is causing , and to supporting those working towards ending it .
We must also give greater support at the community , national , and international levels to groups working to end this practice .
A less ambitious apostolic assignment , however , could work .
In the 1970 's , the average Italian working-class family 's major ambition for its children was for them to study , go to university , and become a doctor or a lawyer .
And today , the ambition of many working-class Italian mothers is to see their daughters become a successful scantily clad `` velina '' who , in turn , manages to hit the gossip columns by flirting with the latest muscleman-turned-TV heartthrob or some budding young football player .
Before the Bush administration , various American presidents worked hard to change the US relationship with Latin America from one of hegemon and dominated states to something like the relations that exist with the European allies .
Mexico 's current institutions were designed and built for an authoritarian rule , not for democracy , and they worked while Mexico was governed by a single party , the PRI .
We were all wrong , and the new president must face the same challenge : not how to govern with these dysfunctional institutions , but how to replace them with something that works .
PAN 's metamorphosis is underway , but there is still much work to be done .
Fox and his team thought that the mechanisms that worked during the authoritarian period could simply be transferred to the democratic era and function smoothly .
In Guatemala , once again , President Oscar Berger was obviously proud to receive Bush , but failed to obtain a commitment from him to stop the inhuman , hateful Homeland Security raids by US law enforcement officers against undocumented immigrants , exemplified by the detention and attempt at deportation , on the eve of Bush 's visit , of nearly 300 Guatemalans working at a Massachussetts , military vest factory .
Uribe may not deserve such a fate , but history works in strange ways .
Uribe may not deserve such a fate , but history works in strange ways .
The US , Canada , Europe , and Latin America have constructed a regional legal framework , which must not be abandoned , to defend democratic rule and human rights in the hemisphere .
The Bush administration 's regrettable decision to build fences along the US-Mexico border , raid workplaces and housing sites , detain and deport foreigners without papers , is viewed in Latin America as being hypocritical and offensive .
They are attracting wider support than they should -- in part because of fear of retaliation against UN peacekeepers and humanitarian workers .
Suspending the ICC 's work in this way would undermine its potential for deterrence , one of the purposes for which it was established . Postponing the case against al-Bashir would seriously undercut the important principle -- which has gradually been taking root worldwide -- that no one is above the law .
If that connection proves faulty , it will not work , and Mexicans may question the point of a `` war '' that has more than doubled the number of gangland executions , from 2,000 in 2006 to 5,000 in 2008 , when their children , statistically at least , are not in harm 's way .
But scare tactics did not work this time .
The Cuban presence also remains strong , although the recent political purges initiated by Raúl Castro make it difficult to know who exactly is working for whom .
Only a naive belief in the left 's intrinsic honesty could lead anyone to think that a totally dysfunctional institutional framework -- in Brazil , in Argentina , in Mexico -- and a history of what Octavio Paz called a patrimonial culture of the state would not generate the same consequences on the left that it did on the right and center .
A man who has any `` feminine '' traits is `` poco hombre '' : boys who dislike soccer , men who enjoy the opera or express unmanly feelings such as sadness or tenderness , husbands who help with the housework or tend to their children , are considered effeminate .
A woman who does `` man 's work , '' shows too much independence , or stands up to men is overly masculine , `` hombruna . ''
Almost always , in a gay couple both men work , because men do so as a matter of course ; and both women in a lesbian relationship work , simply because they do n't have men to support them .
The fact that both members of a couple have an income , and the autonomy that comes with work , produces an equality that is rarely seen in heterosexual Mexican marriage .
Even the free circulation of workers and people in Europe is a well-established and positive reality : 2 % of EU citizens -- more than 10 million people -- reside in a Union member country other than their native one .
But it can provide a political framework and institution-building support to improve the deficiencies that made these countries so vulnerable to the crisis : imperfect market economies , weak state institutions , and continued corruption .
The Swedish EU Presidency will concentrate on starting up the concrete work -- the nuts and bolts -- of the Partnership .
The Eastern Partnership is about EU integration , about the six countries moving closer to the EU 's values , legislation , and ways of working , and about the EU being there to support and help this convergence .
Small elite bodies like the G-8 no longer work , but neither do mammoth meetings of the sort we saw in Copenhagen .
But , if we are to succeed , we must make the most of our new Lisbon institutions , maintain our commitment to an open Europe , accelerate reform of our economies , and take the lead in forging a new framework for global governance that supports a truly sustainable process of continued globalization .
And improved therapies mean that patients can be treated with drugs that work better -LRB- and that patients are more likely to receive the full dose needed -RRB- .
For example , in some types of breast cancer , patients may be treated for more than a decade with anti-hormone therapies , and these long-term treatments are working -- they are successful at preventing some of the cancer recurrences that occur with shorter treatment .
And the international community , which provides almost a third of the resources needed to make the country work , is being alienated .
In allying himself with Alemán 's forces , Ortega has only bought himself time to work out a response to the approaching economic disaster brought on by the world recession .
In one of the more desperate and egregious examples , Regina Ip , the Secretary for Security , attributed Hitler 's rise to power to flaws in the workings of democracy .
Instead of preparing a pool of educated workers for the future , the government 's policies have given rise to an illiterate and innumerate population .
For example , less than one-third of workers in this period followed their traditional caste occupations .
Rivero formed an independent news service and under the noses-and watchful eyes-of the authorities , sent his work abroad .
It seems repression does not work ; either that or I 'm very stubborn . ''
`` Their work is less valuable , '' he said referring to the pesos Cubans earn in an economy sustained by dollar remittances from the foreign diaspora .
Despite their numbers -- the Urban Institute estimates that more than nine million undocumented immigrants live in the US , a number that exceeds the entire populations of countries like Costa Rica and Nicaragua -- the undocumented worker has long been North America 's favorite punching bag .
Damned on Sunday , they are hired for work on Monday .
Attacks on immigrants went into high gear in February , when the US Congress passed a bill that will make it illegal for any state to issue driver 's licenses to undocumented workers .
Undocumented workers pick America 's crops , clean Americans ' houses , and serve Americans their food , but their fate simply does not matter to many US citizens .
But the money undocumented workers earn goes abroad to build homes , start businesses , and take care of elderly parents throughout Latin America .
If California is any indicator , a ban on driver 's licenses wo n't be effective in keeping undocumented workers off the road .
Gil Cedillo , a California state senator who has been trying to reverse earlier legislation that in 1994 made it illegal for undocumented workers in California to drive , wrote in a recent policy paper , `` While the number of immigrant drivers may be minimally reduced , most simply drive without being trained , tested , licensed , and insured . ''
Immigrants need to get to work and so they buy , sell , drive , and abandon cars in a parallel market .
Undocumented workers thus enter the cycle of those who live and drive with nearly throwaway cars that cost between $ 200 and $ 700 .
Probably no other state governor has the political clout to win against the tide of activists who regard offering an undocumented immigrant a driver 's license as tantamount to offering them work , which they already have , and legitimacy , which they apparently do n't need to work .
While repealing one law to satisfy his voters -- and get elected -- Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger promised new legislation that would restore undocumented workers ' ability to obtain a driver 's license .
Instead , Schwarzenegger , like other Americans , makes laws in the belief that nine million undocumented workers do not matter .
A second scenario is that the US remains Asia 's principal security anchor , with or without a third possibility : the emergence of a constellation of Asian states with common interests working together to ensure that Asia is not unipolar . Finally , Asia could come to be characterized by several resurgent powers , including Japan , India , Vietnam , Indonesia , and a reunified Korea .
A number of Asian countries have already started building mutually beneficial security cooperation on a bilateral basis , thereby laying the groundwork for a potential web of interlocking strategic partnerships .
China 's lengthening shadow has prompted a number of Asian countries to start building security cooperation on a bilateral basis , thereby laying the groundwork for a potential web of interlocking strategic partnerships .
The US , for example , has worked hard in recent years to co-opt India in a `` soft alliance '' shorn of treaty obligations .
And China , seeking to tighten its grip on Tibet , has worked to control the traditional process of finding the reincarnation of any senior lama that passes away .
Other terrorist leaders captured in Pakistan since 9\/11 -- including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Al Qaeda 's third in command ; Abu Zubeida , the network 's operations chief ; Yasser Jazeeri ; Abu Faraj Farj ; and Ramzi Binalshibh , one of the coordinators of 9\/11 -- were also found living in cities across Pakistan .
However , work to refit the carrier had already begun in Dalian , China 's main shipyard .
Given China 's proclivity for strategic stealth , even its work on the Gwadar port was launched quietly .
But , just when America 's Sino-centric Asia policy became noticeable , Japan put the US on notice that it can not indefinitely remain a faithful servant of American policies . Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama 's government is seeking to realign foreign policy and rework a 2006 deal for the basing of US military personnel on Okinawa .
All three of these accords , plus the 2005 US-India defense framework agreement , recognize a common commitment to democracy , freedom , human rights , and the rule of law , and obligate their signatories to work together to build security in Asia .
At a time when cyber attacks are increasing worldwide , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was right to declare that an attack on one nation 's computer networks `` can be an attack on all . ''
The strategy of using market forces and the Internet to open up a closed political system simply is not working . Indeed , the more economic power China has accumulated , the more adept it has become in extending censorship to cyberspace .
`` People seem to be fairly sure it was the Chinese , '' he said . Officials in Germany , Britain , and the US have acknowledged that hackers believed to be from China also have broken into their government and military networks .
Cyber intrusion in peacetime allows the prowler to read the content and understand the relative importance of different computer networks so that it knows what to disable in a conflict situation .
China 's rise thus is as much Mao 's handiwork as it is Deng 's .
The forced dispatch of prisoners to work on overseas infrastructure projects raises new issues regarding China 's human-rights record . It also adds a new element -- the dumping of convicts -- to its trade and investment policy , which has been much criticized for dumping goods .
Chinese companies ' operating practice for overseas projects , including in Africa , is to keep the number of local workers to a bare minimum and to bring in much of the workforce from China , some of which comprises convicts `` freed '' on parole for project-related overseas work .
Convict laborers , like the rest of the Chinese workforce on such projects , are housed near the project site .
That way , if any convict worker escaped , he would be easy to find in an alien setting .
In theory , such practices run counter to regulations promulgated by the Chinese commerce ministry in August 2006 , in response to a backlash against Chinese businesses in Zambia following the death of 51 Zambian workers in an explosion at a Chinese-owned copper mine .
These regulations called for `` localization , '' including hiring local workers , respecting local customs , and adhering to safety norms .
SINGAPORE -- The latest information dump from WikiLeaks offers fascinating insights into the workings of the US State Department that will keep foreign policy wonks and conspiracy theorists busy for months .
While smaller Taiwan should be careful not to provoke its giant neighbor , China must come to terms with the workings of a functioning democracy .
The cries of working children can be heard the world over .
The International Labor Organization -LRB- ILO -RRB- estimates that 90 million children between eight and fifteen years old work in the labor forces of developing countries ; worldwide the figure is higher .
They are usually overworked , underfed , and underpaid -- if they are paid at all .
Though many countries have enacted laws forbidding the use -- and abuse -- of children in the work force , optimism about the conditions faced by working children is unwarranted .
That conclusion stems from an inescapable fact : the families of most working children depend on their labors to survive .
Children , of course , are unlikely to organize or complain to authorities when they are overworked and underpaid .
But they do n't question long hours and dire working conditions .
In Asia and the Pacific , children routinely work endless hours , sleep on factory floors and subsist on scanty rations .
Young Indian factory workers who fail to follow instructions are sometimes regret branded with red-hot iron rods , and some teenage Thai prostitutes are disciplined by having acid thrown in their faces .
For thousands of South American , Caribbean , and African children rented out as maids and houseboys , there is no recourse when they are overworked , beaten , and raped .
Even when an employer is reasonable , working conditions may still prove dangerous .
Thai children toil in unventilated factories , working with glass heated to 1,500 degrees Celsius .
Brazilian , Colombian , and Egyptian youngsters who work in brickyards often suffer irreparable spinal damage from carrying heavy loads .
There is little that officials can do to monitor or modify the children 's workloads on large farms or small family enterprises .
The young worker does not learn how to play , or how to read and write ; worse , he smokes and , in the Caribbean , he drinks cane rum to keep going , as he does n't have enough to eat .
In 1973 , an ILO convention called for a worldwide minimum working age of 15 .
Several more countries have laws that set the minimum work age between 12 and 16 , but the ILO cautions that few countries `` have what could be considered a comprehensive prohibition of dangerous work for young children , '' and that even fewer have `` measures to protect young persons from moral degradation . ''
Yet these are successful economies , producing as much per worker hour as the United States , and growing steadily .
In successful economies , people work hard , accumulate , and innovate even when their incentives are poor .
In failed economies , people work little , save little , and stick with outmoded techniques even when incentives are good .
When workers move from a poor to a rich economy , there is rapid adaptation to the economic mores of the new society .
In the textile industry in the early twentieth century , for example , output per worker hour of Polish workers in New England was four times greater than that of Polish workers using the same machines in Poland .
Migrants accustomed to conditions in successful economies are a potential nucleus for industrialization in poor societies . But these workers usually choose to remain in rich economies .
The flow of migrants is all from poor to rich economies , particularly for workers with skills and education .
Aid to poor societies in the form of programs designed to expose their students and workers to the experience of living and working in the US before returning home will be more effective than trying to make these societies ' governments and institutions more like those of the advanced economies .
Likewise , women who want to stay home with their children tend to favor tax breaks or family subsidies , whereas women who want to combine work and family are more likely to support expanded childcare and guaranteed parental work leave .
Today , those same Republicans seem to find nothing to criticize in the fact that Palin returned to work three days after the birth of her last child . In supporting a woman 's choice to combine motherhood with a demanding job , social conservatives now seem to agree with long-time feminists .
`` The Jews '' were not his enemies any more , he said ; they were even working for him .
In fact , Tudor 's strategy may work , because the ex-communist PDSR , led by President Ion Iliescu and Prime Minister Adrian Nastase , will probably not oppose such an alliance if it is necessary to give them a majority after November 's general election .
But saying that publicly wo n't work anymore , not because Romanians do not think this way -LRB- many certainly do -RRB- , but because the political class from left to right wants to be part of Europe and wo n't associate with anyone who puts that desire at risk .
Construction workers can not become software developers overnight .
Instead , there is a complex misalignment problem -- too many autoworkers when too few people want new cars , for example -- that results in a decline in overall output .
For example , the roughly 180 enterprises in the Ministry of Industry and Minerals , which controls all state-owned manufacturing companies , never employed much more than 100,000 workers in a nation of roughly 27 million people .
The employees of the state-owned enterprises still receive paychecks , even though about a third of their workplaces have been destroyed .
For example , the Sulaymaniyah Sugar Mill was bombed during the Iran-Iraq war in the 1980 's , but its employees have been paid ever since , though only rats and pigeons now report for work there .
Indeed , many employees of state-owned enterprises show little interest in returning to work .
When the Coalition Provisional Authority asked the employees of the Mishraq Sulfur Company to go back on the job in 2004 , some of the workers lit $ 40 million worth of sulfur on fire and destroyed the facility .
They preferred to be paid without working .
If the US wants to increase jobs , it should intensify efforts to work with these private Iraqi companies to bid on contracts .
Suicide bombers and death squads are not seeking shorter working hours , higher salaries , or better pension plans .
They can earn more hanging around with a gun in their hands than by working in construction or trade .
So the future of the world 's climate rests not just on their shoulders individually , but on their ability to work together .
The biggest milestone came in December 2007 , when it , along with other developing countries , signed the Bali Roadmap , agreeing to work together on a new global deal by 2009 in Copenhagen .
That requires more representation by farmers and workers in the National People 's Congress and sub-national legislative organs , more freedom for public-spirited journalists to investigate cases of social injustice , and more freedom for civic organizations to act on behalf of the environment and those who do not benefit from economic reform .
In his classic work Considerations on Representative Government , he denounced `` the shibboleth of the party . ''
These leaders seemed to be working against the grain , but the grain itself was about to change direction .
Even post-War Germany 's acclaimed , miracle-working Economics Minister , Ludwig Erhard , was deeply unpopular in the early 1950s , because it appeared as if only a few were getting rich , while most West Germans remained poor or got poorer .
For a number of reasons , however , this time-honored practice no longer works .
On the other hand , economic life flourished earlier in the American zone , whereas the British tried to extract direct benefits by , for example , dismantling steel works and bringing the parts to Britain .
This worked in postwar Germany , but then traumatic memories of the Nazis and the relative weakness of antidemocratic movements helped .
In the absence of empirical research , generalizations must be guesswork .
So why does this not seem to work in Iraq ?
As a result , the `` generational contract '' looks less and less viable , because we can no longer rely on today 's workers to pay for today 's pensioners .
While their sons and daughters go to work , they become the real parents of the next generation .
Swarms of capitalist `` locusts '' threaten to descend on defenseless , hardworking people , to quote the unfortunate metaphor used in a recent speech by Franz Müntefering , the chairman of the governing Social Democrats .
Earlier generations may have borne the burden of working and waiting more readily , but nowadays people want results here and now .
They must be embedded in a much more complex institutional framework , which I would describe as the liberal order .
Overstaying one 's welcome may be the professional disease of political leaders , but it is above all incompatible with democracy as a framework for bringing about change without violence .
It may not be dignified to expect immigrant workers to do these `` dirty '' jobs , but to these workers such jobs offer a step on the ladder of hope as they help to keep advanced economies and societies functioning .
Italians -LRB- and later Turks -RRB- who worked in Northern Europe and then returned home with sufficient assets to start small businesses made a double contribution ; they helped their host countries and then helped their home countries .
And when it became possible to manipulate DNA in vitro , the metaphor of a `` genetic program '' appeared even more precise : scientists could construct experiments that corresponded to the reprogramming of cells merely by working on symbols in silicon .
Stockholm came one step closer to admitting Europe 's real population problem , when it spoke of `` the demographic challenge of an ageing population of which people of working age constitute an ever-smaller part . ''
Traditional Socialist nostrums -- nationalization , price controls , government direction -- had failed in the past , could not be expected to work in the future , and thus held no credibility with voters .
Those disagreements are not only about Israel , or US tariffs on steel imports from the EU , or the possibility of American courts imposing the death penalty on suspected terrorists who carry European passports ; they increasingly embody a fundamentally different vision about how the world should work .
Because this enlargement round is likely to be the last for a long time , if not forever , it is urgent for member states to think seriously about re-writing the EU treaties to deal with the new reality , in terms which will be workable for the long term .
Or consider the laboriousness of conducting negotiations in a room with 25 national delegations , 10 of whom will be unfamiliar with the way the EU works .
But if the negotiations break down because new members , or small countries , or middle-sized countries , or the neutrals , resist the reforms necessary to make the enlarged EU viable , it is a certainty that those member states in favor of closer integration , essentially the six original founding members -LRB- France , Germany , the three Benelux countries , and perhaps Italy -RRB- will start to work seriously on ways of building an alternative structure .
In the end , the French and other leading member states are likely to explore alternative ways of working towards a more politically integrated Europe .
Another is that Blair consistently seemed to pay much less attention to Parliament than to the right-wing tabloid press : the spin and media manipulation to which his office devoted so much effort worked wonders at first , but soon generated deep skepticism and mistrust .
I had never worked in the financial industry , and knew few people who did . -LRB- Full disclosure : I am now an independent Director of Morgan Stanley . -RRB-
I do not think so , and to argue as much devalues the efforts of many overworked and underpaid public servants around the world .
Since the French , of all continental Europeans , most respect the convention that no useful work should be done in the month of August , this is harsh treatment for their bankers .
But in his great work on finance , Lombard Street , published in 1873 , he asserted that , `` A well-run bank needs no capital .
LONDON -- Are financial sector workers paid too much ?
A new global Financial Stability Board is trying to make sense of all this , and also to work out a new `` macro-prudential mechanism '' reflecting system-wide risks .
They must operate within tight legal constraints , and with rigorous accountability frameworks , involving the government and the legislature .
Governments think we can stop this process by throwing money at it , but there are many reasons to believe that this wo n't work .
The banking system is probably already past saving -- many institutions simply are n't banks anymore , but vast experiments that did n't work out as predicted .
If we cleave to the false security of a supposed science that is n't working , and forget about the philosophy behind it , ideas like personal responsibility and the right to fail , our leaders will very scientifically give us no recovery at all .
But the joke would n't work if there were not at the same time another widely shared assumption that scientific knowledge has a value independent of any practical use .
Or is it really about putting the natural world to human uses , with natural philosophy being little more than a language to account for why certain techniques work ?
Pure science , as the name suggests , is presented as the `` real thing , '' untainted by practical considerations and rooted in properly conducted empirical and theoretical investigation of nature . Applied science takes the knowledge provided by pure science and puts it to work .
Like Bacon , we value utility because it seems to lend credibility to the claims that science makes about the nature of the world -- science is true because it works . But , at the same time , we wo n't allow science to be reduced to practical utility , because that would destroy its intellectual status , as well as the intellectual status of scientists themselves , and would prevent science from giving explanations .
After all , the brain is just one organ of the body , so people whose brains work well in early life may also have other organs and systems that are more efficient than others ' .
A fourth type of explanation is that people with higher intelligence in childhood tend to attain better educational qualifications , work in more professional jobs , have higher incomes , and live in more affluent areas .
In 2007 , in Bali , the 192 Parties of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change committed themselves to launching negotiations on strengthened action against climate change .
The SCO is also beginning to work together in the fight against drug trafficking and organized crime .
Both sides want to do more , and they might be able to make a greater impact by working together rather than separately .
NATO and the SCO could work together on neutralizing anti-personnel mines in Afghanistan , as well as other possible types of confidence-building measures , such as joint police training and counter-narcotics operations .
The EU and US must work together to make Europe and America safe .
How Lula , a former metal worker and founder of CUT , which also represents most automobile workers , manages relations with the trade unions will be critical .
Recent strikes by car workers at General Motors , Renault , Volvo , and Ford factories in Brazil do not augur well .
Trade unions agreed to moderate wage claims and abandon wage indexation , in exchange for reduced working time and improved prospects for the future .
With lower inflation , this raised workers ' real disposable income , enabling trade union leaders to demonstrate to their members that wage moderation worked and was in their interest .
But Lula can and should follow Kok 's example and use his trade union connections , as well as his rapport with the working class , to achieve a social pact aimed at achieving sustained improvement in Brazil 's overall economic performance and realizing its potential to become Latin America 's economic powerhouse .
This would give the authorities room to address the country 's daunting longer-term policy agenda -- including a major reform of the costly pension system , an overhaul of the tax system , and strengthening the bankruptcy framework -- that Brazil must face in order to boost competitiveness .
To reintegrate these fighters into the productive economy will require a change in policies , including a rapid reactivation of rural development schemes and the promotion of local entrepreneurship , public works , and other legal activities .
Avoid overly optimistic projections that lead to unworkable plans and unreasonable expectations , which the government will not be able to fulfill , as happened in Guatemala , for example , when its civil war ended .
But , in addition to the right legal and regulatory framework to ensure appropriate links to the national economy -- which is also lacking in most of the region -- the search for desirable investors requires an effective foreign investment promotion agency .
While `` humanitarian aid '' can not be neglected , it should be recognized that such aid promotes consumption rather than investment , creating price distortions and work disincentives .
In Afghanistan and Iraq , reconstruction must include not only the rehabilitation of services and infrastructure , but -- more challenging -- the creation of a macroeconomic , legal , and regulatory framework for effective policymaking .
Continental Europeans were told to follow the US model and liberalize their labor markets , so that businesses that want to hire can do so without losing money and so that unemployed workers who find new jobs wo n't see their wages offset by cuts in welfare-state benefits .
But for this system to work solid information about under-performing companies must be available to investors and the link between the pay of top managers and company performance must be real .
The big problems for most ofhumanity will be to find enough conceptual puzzles and diversions in their work and leisure lives to avoid being bored , and enough relative status not to be green with envy of their fellows .
Yet all they produced were some splendid works of architecture and infrastructure and a system of military training that spread their society beyond the Mediterranean .
But Adam Smith in 1776 , and David Ricardo a little later , looked forward to a future Britain that looked a lot like China -- a full country with high agricultural productivity and a well-developed division of labor but a very poor peasantry and working class ruled by very rich landlords .
But , as late as 1871 , John Stuart Mill was writing that it was doubtful whether all of the industrial revolution 's inventions had lightened the day 's toil of a single worker .
My complaints are that he is not technocratic enough , that he is pursuing the chimera of `` bipartisanship '' too far , and that , as a result , many of his policies will not work well , or at all .
In 1829 , John Stuart Mill made the key intellectual leap in figuring out how to fight what he called `` general gluts . '' Mill saw that excess demand for some particular set of assets in financial markets was mirrored by excess supply of goods and services in product markets , which in turn generated excess supply of workers in labor markets .
When people who in other circumstances could be happy , healthy , and productive members of the workforce lack the skills , confidence , social networks , and experience needed to find work worth paying for , we obviously have a problem .
The structure of demand by consumers is different from the jobs that workers are capable of filling .
For example , suppose that you have many workers qualified and skilled to work in construction , but households have decided that their houses are more than large enough , and wish to fill them with manufactured goods .
This would produce structural unemployment to the extent that the ex-construction workers could not do things in manufacturing that would make it worthwhile for manufacturing firms to hire them .
In that case , we would expect to see construction depressed : firms closed , capital goods idle , and workers unemployed .
We would expect to see manufacturers holding job fairs , and when not enough workers showed up , we would expect to see manufacturers offering higher wages to attract workers into their plants , and then raising prices to cover their higher costs .
The size and duration of the excess unemployment of ex-construction workers might be substantial and long lasting .
It might require significant time to retrain construction workers and plug them into social networks in which they become good manufacturing workers .
But depression in the construction sector and unemployment among its ex-workers would be balanced by exuberance in the manufacturing sector , rising prices for manufactured goods , and long hours and high wages for manufacturing workers
What we have witnessed is not a shift in demand into sectors lacking an adequate number of qualified and productive workers , but rather a collapse in the level of aggregate demand .
Second , the working classes that were hardest-hit by high unemployment generally did not have the vote .
And the working classes all have the vote .
The working classes can vote , economists understand and publicly discuss nominal income determination , and no influential group stands to benefit from a deeper and more prolonged depression .
As industries suffering from insufficient demand shed workers , industries benefiting from surplus demand hire them .
There is , after all , no easy way that unemployed workers can start producing the assets -- money and bonds that not only are rated investment-grade , but really are -- that financial markets are not adequately supplying .
The flow of workers out of employment exceeds the flow back into employment .
Flooding their economies with liquidity , maintaining export-friendly exchange rates , and spending to employ workers directly and boost the supply of safe savings vehicles have made the Great Recession in East Asia less dire than it has been elsewhere .
The more that they have focused on policies to put people back to work in the short run , the better their economies have done .
The Industrial Revolution started in the English midlands and Belgian forests -- regions endowed with coal , canals -LRB- along which barges could carry the coal -RRB- , and skilled metalworkers -LRB- who could build coal-burning steam engines -RRB- .
Coal , canals , and metalworkers were the foundation for building , installing , and using the automatic spinning machines , power looms , and railway locomotives that were the first modern machine industries .
For one thing , the process by which the design decisions are made resembles committee work : most people want a horse , but the push and pull and tug of negotiation produces a camel .
Perhaps it would be better if unemployed people who could have jobs -- and who at full employment would have them -- were actively looking for work rather than out of the labor force completely .
New investments , lines of business , and worker-firm matches that would be highly productive and profitable at normal levels of capacity utilization and unemployment are unprofitable now .
Minsky -LRB- 1919-1996 -RRB- is best approached not through his collected essays , entitled Can `` It '' Happen Again ? , but rather through the use Kindleberger -LRB- 1910-2003 -RRB- made of his work in his 1978 book Manias , Panics , and Crashes : A History of Financial Crises .
The fact is that we need fewer efficient-markets theorists and more people who work on microstructure , limits to arbitrage , and cognitive biases .
As university chancellors and students demand relevance and utility , perhaps these colleagues will take over teaching how the economy works and leave academic economists in a rump discipline that merely teaches the theory of logical choice .
And , in that alternative universe , having worked off the entire burden of overbuilding , we would by now have returned to trend levels of production , employment , and demand .
Companies win , because goods and workers get to use the improved infrastructure .
But everyone in the financial markets knows that the EFSF has insufficient firepower to undertake that task -- and that it has an unworkable governance structure to boot .
Perhaps the most astonishing thing about the ECB 's monochromatic price-stability mission and utter disregard for financial stability -- much less for the welfare of the workers and businesses that make up the economy -- is its radical departure from the central-banking tradition .
Hours worked in American business fell at a 2.7 % annual rate in the second quarter .
It is very likely that hours worked will continue to fall in the third quarter .
With America 's workers producing more in less time , it is no wonder that a wedge is being driven between the -LRB- good -RRB- output news and the -LRB- bad -RRB- employment news .
The currency crises in Mexico , East Asia , and Argentina primarily impoverished workers who lost their jobs , those whose hard-currency debts suddenly ballooned , and rich-country investors who found themselves renegotiating terms with insolvent borrowers .
A rapid decline in the dollar is likely to have a very different impact : primarily to impoverish workers whose products are exported to America and investors in dollar-denominated assets who see their portfolio values melting away .
Dollar devaluation will only secondarily affect Americans who consume imported goods or who work in businesses that distribute imports to consumers .
Korean steelworkers might well ask whatever happened to the Republican Party 's historic commitment to free trade .
The world can not afford to have pseudo-conservatives at high levels of the US government who do not work for global peace and prosperity , but instead for a dangerously wrongheaded geopolitical strategy .
He also worked for a president who cared deeply about policy as well as politics -- and who was willing to be convinced , at least most of the time , that good policy would turn out in the long run to be good politics .
After all , most rich countries have entered a post-industrial age , while developing countries now have -- or soon will -- as great a share of their population working in `` industry '' as the world 's rich nations .
But the post-industrial core 's economy as a whole will continue to be like an airplane with only one working engine .
The lesson is that governments , firms , investors , workers , and parents worldwide should begin betting on the long-run trends that have become visible over the past decade .
One source is central banks seeking to keep the value of their home currencies down so that their workers can gain valuable experience from exporting to the rich world .
Looking at the capital flow reversal into the US , I can not argue that the second era has been an unqualified success either . It is nice that Mexican workers and entrepreneurs are gaining experience in export manufactures , and successful enough to run a trade surplus vis-à-vis the US .
Yet another part of US productivity growth due to the fact that high-tech capital gives America 's firms enormous incentives to make massive but hard to see - and even harder to measure - investments in organization and business processes that are complementary to computerization and networking .
As the world 's leading-edge economy , America faces the hardest work in ensuring growth , for it must create - not only copy and adapt - new technologies , better forms of capital , and more productive business organizations .
Western Europe 's productivity per hour worked , for example , is now only 10 % or so below America 's .
Western Europeans work some 25 % less than Americans , yet they have a level of social welfare -LRB- including climate -RRB- that is only around 15 % lower than Americans , and they have more equal income distributions and lower poverty rates as well .
Labor force participation is lower - and a substantial part of that lower labor force participation is not the result of untrammeled choice but of discouraged workers and institutions that make it very difficult for households that have every adult at work .
Moreover , European labor productivity figures are inflated by the fact that potential workers who would be less productive are much less likely to hold any jobs at all .
What will the unemployed - especially the long-term unemployed with only dim memories of integration into the world of work - do with themselves and their time ?
But the fact that the system worked for almost everyone was the final buttress holding up the cathedral .
But while Western Europe 's post-war institutional order has worked almost miraculously well in historical terms , voters have narrower views and focus on more private concerns .
And , again , Republicans responded tendentiously , by focusing on the unemployment rate rather than on the job numbers - as if it were a good thing that the lousy labor market since 2001 has artificially depressed the number of people looking for work .
It was during this era -- roughly from 1948 to 1973 -- that sociologists found that a majority of Americans had come to define themselves not as working class , but as middle class .
Government policy back then began with a permanent military program of spending and R&D and continued through massive public works program and suburbanization , underpinned by the Federal Highway Program and subsidized home ownership loans from the Federal Housing Administration .
It is Wal-Mart . Private businesses are providing their workers with less and less in the form of defined-benefit pensions , health insurance , and other forms of insurance against life 's economic risks .
The problem is that private insurance markets do not work well when the buyer knows much more about what is being insured than the seller .
They projected that developing countries would enter the Kyoto framework at some point , and would trade their rights to emit CO2 and other greenhouse gases to the United States and Europe in return for development aid .
Public programs work less well when the best route to the goal -- in this case , the most promising post-carbon energy technologies -- is uncertain .
Private R&D is difficult to encourage when investors suspect that success would lead the fruits of their work to be taken by some form of eminent domain and used throughout the world with little compensation .
A 401 -LRB- k -RRB- is a heavily tax-favored account in which workers can save money for their retirement .
It also has people who do set up 401 -LRB- k -RRB- accounts and then invest them badly -- for example , Enron workers whose 401 -LRB- k -RRB- money was overwhelmingly invested in company stock lost not only their jobs when the company went bankrupt , but also their pension assets .
Big winners are workers in poor countries who get better jobs working for firms that can now export services to rich countries .
Indeed , on February 10 , 2004 , he woke up to an unpleasant news story in the Washington Post : `` President Bush 's top economist yesterday said the outsourcing of US service jobs to workers overseas is good for the nation 's economy ...
From one perspective , Milton Friedman was the star pupil of , successor to , and completer of Keynes 's work .
Keynes , in his General Theory of Employment , Interest and Money , set out the framework that nearly all macroeconomists use today . That framework is based on spending and demand , the determinants of the components of spending , the liquidity-preference theory of short-run interest rates , and the requirement that government make strategic but powerful interventions in the economy to keep it on an even keel and avoid extremes of depression and manic excess .
To Keynes 's framework , Friedman added a theory of prices and inflation , based on the idea of the natural rate of unemployment and the limits of government policy in stabilizing the economy around its long-run growth trend -- limits beyond which intervention would trigger uncontrollable and destructive inflation .
Moreover , Friedman corrected Keynes 's framework in one very important respect .
A difference of opinion that rested on different judgments about how the world works , which could -LRB- and ultimately was -RRB- resolved by empirical research , you might say .
Some people work harder , apply their intelligence more skillfully , or simply have been lucky enough to be in the right place at the right time .
A greater effort to raise the average level of education in America would have made the country richer and produced a more even distribution of income and wealth by making educated workers more abundant and less-skilled workers harder to find -- and thus worth more on the market .
This is not because a CEO 's work effort and negotiation and management skills are ten times more valuable nowadays , but because other corporate stakeholders have become less able to constrain top managers and financiers from capturing more of the value-added .
Bill Gates , Paul Allen , Steve Ballmer , and the other millionaires and billionaires of Microsoft are brilliant , hardworking , entrepreneurial , and justly wealthy .
The key to their development strategy is to put migrants from the countryside to work making exports destined for the US market .
Deals like China 's investment in Blackstone postpone that backlash , but not for long : $ 3 billion is equivalent to what China accumulates in reserve in less than three working days .
High construction employment has been good for American workers in the past half-decade -- a period that has not produced much good for them .
He would have served the country and the world better had he been less of a loyal Republican working the inside game of trying to convince Bush 's political advisors that good policy was important , and more of a nonpartisan steward of America 's long-term fiscal stability .
As long as imbalances of world trade and capital flows unwind slowly and smoothly , the magnitude of any global economic distress should be relatively small . Of course , it will not seem small to exporters and their workers who lose their American markets , or to Americans who lose access to cheap capital provided by foreigners .
First , the key resources that command high prices and thus produce wealth are not fixed , like land , but are variable : the skills of craft workers and engineers , the energy and experience of entrepreneurs , and machines and buildings are all things that can be multiplied .
As a result , high prices for scarce resources lead not to zero - or negative-sum political games of transfer but to positive-sum economic games of training more craft workers and engineers , mentoring more entrepreneurs and managers , and investing in more machines and buildings .
Government educates and invests , increasing the supply and reducing the premium earned by skilled workers , and lowering the rate of return on physical capital .
For Wolf , the solution is to require that such bankers receive their pay in installments over the decade after which they have done their work .
The problem is a broader failure of market competition to give rise to alternative providers and underbid the fortunes demanded for their work by our current generation of mercantile princes .
When I think of Jimmy Carter 's energy policy , Arthur Scargill at the head of the British mineworkers ' union , and Mao 's Cultural Revolution , I have a hard time disagreeing with Friedman about the world in the mid-1970 's .
By 2016 , America 's productive potential would be smaller by an amount that would reduce real GDP by 3.6 % -- $ 500 billion real dollars , or roughly $ 3,000 per worker .
In a poorer America , fewer businesses would find it worthwhile to entice secondary workers from families into the labor force , and perhaps 500,000 net jobs would disappear .
Average unemployment would then have to rise in order to keep workers ' demands for real wage increases at a level warranted by productivity growth .
In the framework developed by the development economist Dani Rodrik , a shortage of capital can be a binding `` growth constraint '' : the place where `` the biggest bang for the -LRB- policy -RRB- reform buck can be obtained . ''
The Democrats ' Line in the Sand BERKELEY -- Ever since the 1928 work of Frank Ramsey , economists have accepted the utilitarian argument that a good economy is one in which returns on investment are not too great a multiple -- less than three -- of the rate of per capita economic growth .
Those of us who served in the Clinton administration and worked hard to put America 's finances in order and turn deficits into surpluses are keenly aware that , after eight years of the George W. Bush administration , things look worse than when we started back in 1993 .
All of our work was undone by our successors in their quest to win the class war by making America 's income distribution more unequal .
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link , and it seems pointless to work to strengthen the Democratic links of the chain of fiscal advice when the Republican links are not just weak but absent .
But the people in New York and London who set interest rates know little about Brazil . They know that Ipanema is a beach , that the Amazon is a river , that ex-US Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill worried that money loaned to Brazil would re-appear in numbered European bank accounts , and that Lula is a president without administrative experience who heads a party with `` workers '' in its name .
The justification for this system was that it seemed to work well -- or at least less badly than central banking that blindly adhered to the gold standard or no central banking at all .
This was how central banking got started in the first place : letting the market and the market alone determine the price of liquidity was judged too costly for the businessmen who voted and the workers who could overthrow governments .
What I do not understand is opposition based on the claim that the stimulus package simply will not work : the government will spend its money , households will receive their tax rebates , and nothing will happen afterwards to boost employment and production .
In fact , there is a surprisingly large current of thought that maintains that stimulus packages simply do not work , ever .
Root-and-branch stimulus opponents whose work has crossed my desk recently include efficient-markets fundamentalists like the University of Chicago 's Eugene Fama , Marxists like CUNY 's David Harvey , classical economists like Harvard 's Robert Barro , gold bugs like the Council on Foreign Relation 's Benn Steil , and a host of others .
Over the next four years , annual US spending on information technology equipment and software roared upward , from $ 281 billion to $ 446 billion , the US unemployment rate dropped from 5.6 % to 4 % , and the economy grew at a 4.3 % real annual rate as the high-tech spending boom pulled extra workers out of unemployment and into jobs .
Kick-Starting Employment BERKELEY -- Unemployment is currently rising like a rocket , because businesses that normally would be expanding and hiring are not , and those businesses that would normally be contracting and shedding workers are doing so very rapidly .
Shareholder democracy simply does not work , but managers ' fear that if the stock price drops too low they will be out on their ears provides a useful restraint .
It is also true that when we invest our wealth -- in Pfizer 's intellectual property , factories in Shenzhen , worldwide distribution networks , or shopping malls in Atlanta -- it is not , in fact , at hand .
If interest rates were allowed to fall , these extra workers would be employed building houses and making things to sell to all the people whose incomes come from the construction sector .
We have seen this process at work in many other historical episodes as well -- in 1870 , 1890 , 1929 , and 2000 .
That is , downturns are either the result of a great forgetting of technological and organizational knowledge , a great vacation as workers suddenly develop a taste for extra leisure , or a great rusting as the speed at which oxygen corrodes accelerates , reducing the value of large things made out of metal .
Likewise , Casey Mulligan of the University of Chicago really does appear to believe that large falls in the employment-to-population ratio are best seen as `` great vacations '' -- and as the side-effect of destructive government policies like those in place today , which lead workers to quit their jobs so they can get higher government subsidies to refinance their mortgages .
Regardless of whether they have rejected our interpretations and understandings or simply have built or failed to build their own in ignorance of what we have done , why have they not used our work ?
In America , the Republican congressional caucus is just saying no : no to short-term deficit spending to put people to work , no to supporting the banking system , and no to increased government oversight or ownership of financial entities .
This is strange , because usually when something works the natural impulse is to do it again .
Obama 's Republican opponents , who claim that fiscal stimulus can not work , rely on arguments that are incoherent at best , and usually simply wrong , if not mendacious .
But there are n't enough safe , secure , and sound enterprises to absorb all the workers laid off from risky enterprises .
In practice , that means that the government either hires people and puts them to work or induces businesses to hire more people .
We are talking about either direct government employment programs , or large tax credits for businesses that increase the number of workers they employ .
A leading fashion industry executive argues that a key engine driving the economic boom has been the influx of women into the workforce , particularly in the manufacturing zones of the south .
Mao 's revolution fueled countless rectification movements and campaigns that inverted the once-inviolate primacy of ruler over ruled , scholar over worker , husband over wife , father over son , and family over individual .
By the time of the reforms of the 1980 's and 1990 's , bonds tying individuals to culture , the state , the work unit , and household-registration systems , for example , had largely unraveled .
Over the past 20 years , laid-off workers , dispossessed farmers , Falun Gong practitioners , and angry Tibetans have organized protests .
To speed the process , a new long-term strategy aimed at the underlying factors at work in North Korea -- and in relations with its rulers -- is needed .
More effective than freezing accounts and barring travel by officials with ties to the missile and nuclear programs would be to work with North Korea 's younger technocrats , banking and financial officials , and economic advisers to improve their expertise in managing North Korea 's economic transition .
The United Nations Development Program recently reopened its office in Pyongyang , another positive sign of the regime 's readiness to work toward common development goals .
Vocational education and training development can make a powerful contribution towards achieving this goal . It can offer radical change in the lives of millions of people by helping them find work and thus providing hope of a better life for their families and children .
Europe was decisive and generous , and it worked .
Turkey must work hard to get ready .
One Crisis , One World GENEVA -- As recession spreads around the world , the global production networks that arose with the globalization of the world economy have become sources of cutbacks and job losses .
Trying to rescue the financial sector without supporting a recovery in terms of businesses , jobs , and family purchasing power will not work .
Credit lines should be kept open to smaller businesses , which employ the bulk of the world 's workers but have the least access to credit .
The International Labor Organization 's Decent Work Agenda of employment and enterprise , social protection , sound labor relations , and fundamental rights at work creates a solid platform for fair globalization .
But gestures can not be a substitute for real action , or for the hard work that is necessary to empower all Indian women .
In fact , militants were able to carry out their work -- drilling holes in the rock , filling them with explosives , and detonating them -- in broad daylight .
Business leaders , such as Microsoft 's Bill Gates , have also complained about shortages of skilled workers , and have called for large increases in `` H1-B '' visas , which allow professionals to work in the US for short periods of time . How will you help American students compete globally , while ensuring a level playing field at home for talented foreign students and workers ?
Most importantly , a trade policy must be articulated that is both free and fair -LRB- not only for US workers , but also for Asian workers -RRB- , and that reassures Asians that Obama will be aware of their needs .
While there were some singular bilateral accomplishments , such as the adoption of the US-India civil nuclear energy deal , the US has been perceived to be less effective in dealing with the region 's burgeoning multilateral frameworks .
And , while scholars have begun to talk about building an Asia-Pacific community that can match the Atlantic community 's extensive network of relationships , there has been no clear signal from the US government about America 's role in this transformation .
It is time for US citizens to commit themselves to working alongside the Obama administration to turn a new leaf in relations with the Muslim world .
When EU officials meet together or draft internal documents , they use only the `` working languages '' : French and , more often , English .
· Sustain long-term commitments . Initiatives such as the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership and the European Neighborhood Policy need sustained political engagement and resources if they are to work .
Instead , they provide opportunities for citizens to express what they feel about the choices their governments make , particularly within the EU framework .
An undifferentiated approach towards political Islamism that fails to distinguish between those who reject violence and those who resort to terror only facilitates the extremists ' work , for they emerge as champions of causes that do not reflect their true goals .
What he found was a great example of how any such program is likely to work in practice .
One formerly state-run enterprise was being operated under a 2001 lease specifying that no workers could be laid off for the next ten years .
The team were shocked that Pfizer continued the so-called scientific work in the middle of hell . ''
The goal behind the bombing of Yugoslavia , of Security Council resolution 1244 and today 's provisional constitutional framework for Kosovo , was the creation of the pre-conditions for the democratic development of a multiethnic society .
As this remains the only worthwhile and workable goal , the only viable solution to Kosovo 's future is a coalition of moderate Albanians and the parties of Kosovo 's ethnic minorities .
The entry of United Nations humanitarian personnel , has been delayed due to the government 's refusal to allow aid workers into the country without first applying for visas .
But it 's current approach is not working .
A great deal of preparatory work will be required first .
Although it is far from an exact precedent , the historic 1972 Shanghai Communiqué signed by China and the US , which allowed both governments to `` agree to disagree '' on many issues while committing themselves to dialogue at the highest levels , offers a promising model . This far-sighted framework 's effectiveness has been well proven over time .
Dialogue focused on Iran 's nuclear program or on Iraq alone will not work . Instead , the full range of issues that are significant to US-Iran relationship must be on the table .
Such an approach will require that each side exercise broad restraint and live with the ambiguity of working with a strong adversary to manage profound differences .
Distrust will continue , signals will be confused , setbacks will be frequent , but the results could well lead over time to greater mutual understanding and a learned capacity to work on some of the most pressing problems , just as the US learned to do with the Soviet Union and China .
The BBC 's Nepalese service , which used to be relayed through a network of 12 FM stations all over the country , has been stopped .
All Indian news channels have been dropped from cable networks .
Se¨elj has worked hard to soften his image .
We were still debating when finally the Americans had to come from halfway around the world , into Europe yet again , to do our work for us . Europe still has n't learned its lesson .
So , instead of acting to defend our civilization , we prefer to discuss reducing our 35-hour workweek or improving our dental coverage , or extending our four weeks of annual paid vacation . Or perhaps we listen to television pastors preach about the need to `` reach out to terrorists , '' to understand and forgive .
Another unspoken consideration may have been at work in the Guantanamo Bay case , which has garnered considerable international attention .
In less than four years , President Bush and his advisers have cast aside much of the longstanding bipartisan consensus under which the United States works through and with multilateral institutions like the United Nations .
An IMF program in 2000 was meant to offer a framework for Turkey to work its way out of its troubles .
Even their policy blunders turn out right . Take the 35-hour workweek .
One reason that wo n't happen because Germany is too busy trying to keep out Polish , Czech and Hungarian workers to press for such reforms . So German taxpayers will keep paying for subsidies that do n't benefit Germans .
Public works programs on the order of what took place in the 1930s might be enacted , but that is good for jobs , not the budget .
A substantial workout has been underway in the US to correct the excesses of the internet boom .
Low inventories and the tax cut -- the mechanism that brought the US out of every recession since 1945 -- should work , particularly with today 's recession that hardly looks like one .
It should work , that is , unless the terrorist attacks have so shaken consumer confidence that people go into a form of spending hibernation in fear of the future .
Two ingredients are at work here : an economy that refuses to turn up -LRB- with no one inside or outside Japan having a clue as to how to change that -RRB- and an ailing financial superstructure .
If the EU is serious about creating one market , plenty of work remains to be done .
Now capitalism is receiving severe rebukes , with its critics given powerful evidence that they are right in seeing it as a system that works for insiders and their cronies .
Socialism became a mess as great expectations of a workers ' paradise were bogged down in bureaucracy .
Capitalism is a public trust ; it works if everybody has a fair chance and corporate theft receives highly visible punishments .
Moreover , it is not yet clear whether or not top Enron managers wo n't walk away with a bundle of cash while the company 's workers lose their retirement assets .
To understand the severity of these risks , let 's work backwards from what is unlikely to happen .
For all the good news about Mexico 's infant democracy , its president is beginning to justify the early fears about him : no vision , no Congress to work with , and no team that knows what to do .
PARIS -- The global economic crisis has claimed many victims -- unemployed workers , underwater homeowners , and bankrupt pensioners -- but nowhere have the repercussions been as devastating as in the developing world .
Indeed , the consequences of the fall-off in ODA are already dramatic ; the number of people going hungry and in extreme poverty is now far greater than before , and the same is true of the unemployed , those who work in vulnerable jobs , or earn less than $ 1.25 a day .
Some immigrants believe it 's shaped like a star to guide them across the Rio Grande to work in the promised land , others think it resembles a devil , offering the tantalizing prospect of legal jobs in the US , only to discover that this is a mirage .
For those who have worked in the US for 10 or 15 years , the Bush piñata is a mere decoration .
Vicente Fox will have to acknowledge these differences and work with them .
Three years ago , Fox wanted the `` whole enchilada '' : a temporary workers accord , more Green Cards to allow Mexicans to work in the US , legalization of immigrants already in the US , development funds for Mexican communities that send immigrants to the US , and a bilateral approach to managing the problem .
Instead , what Latin America 's people get in the democratic era is a lot of public works -- bridges , highways , and massive structures that are designed to elicit short-term political support .
Such distorted priorities reflect a simple reality : democracy in Latin America seems incapable of dismantling old networks of clienteles and their traditional power-sharing arrangements .
Democracy may be working well enough in terms of free and fair elections .
In this national crisis , Mexico 's people have closed ranks , collaborated , and showed that they are capable of working together to achieve common goals in the public interest .
Moreover , the manufacturing sector had become too dependent on US-driven export demand , and the population had become too dependent on remittances from emigrants working in the US .
Mexico is trapped by a dense network of rent-seekers and monopolies in sectors that are crucial for economic growth , including telecommunications , energy , transportation , and financial services .
This network operates on the basis of political favors , collusion , regulatory capture , and the maintenance of privileges that the government offers in public-sector unions in return for political support .
Indeed , Russia 's foremost foreign-policy goal is a real , strategic partnership with the West in which we work together to solve the multitude of modern security problems .
A real , working NATO-Russia relationship could provide the Alliance with solutions to problems that it can not tackle on its own .
The second step was to organize cash-for-work projects that built dams , rehabilitated springs , and constructed roads , thereby helping people to strengthen their small farms and improve their resilience to future droughts .
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has made a persuasive case for work to begin on a nuclear-weapons convention , or a framework of separate agreements resulting in a global ban .
The little worker bees that sacrificed themselves to protect their hives -- the ultimate example of animal goodness -- kept Darwin up at night .
Following up on work done by Trivers in the early 1970 's , in 1981 , Axelrod and Hamilton used the mathematics of game theory to predict when so-called `` reciprocal altruism '' should evolve .
Thus , EMU members indirectly share the liability for fellow countries ' private-sector debt , which for this reason should be monitored within the EMU 's surveillance framework .
Within the framework of these rules , individual countries would retain the authority to design their policies .
Both the public and private sector throughout the region should take immediate measures to face up to this new competition and to work toward cooperative projects with the Chinese .
This is the kind of thinking that was driving us at a recent health care working group gathered as part of the recent Civil Society Summit organized in Moscow by the Eurasia Foundation , the New Eurasia Foundation and the CSIS . -LRB- I was there as a Eurasia Foundation board member . -RRB-
We are also working on a project along these lines , reaching out to target populations with two-way new media such as the Internet and mobile phones , rather than harangues in newspapers and TV .
Genes often work together , sometimes aided by factors such as a person 's diet or behavior , to cause a condition .
Or is he simply biased because of the people he knows , the company he works for , or the attitudes he picked up at home ?
What company does the product reviewer work for ?
Rather than demand an end to censorship now -- an impossible dream -- Google is working to make that happen by eroding government control over information .
Buyers and sellers can find one another , schoolchildren can find information needed for their homework , and sick people can find health information .
The CIO should not be the minister of education , but he or she can provide advice on the use of information technology for everything from curriculum content to the institutional changes that can be wrought by better teacher-parent-student communications concerning homework assignments , grades , and even school-bus schedules and lunch menus .
Google does this in its search results , working with StopBadware.org -LRB- I am an advisory board member -RRB- , and both Mozilla Firefox and Microsoft 's Internet Explorer offer similar protections . In all cases , adventurous users or professionals can overcome the paternalism , but only by paying what amounts to liability insurance , for the risks they impose on the system .
Some companies will make batteries or electric engines or retrofit kits ; others will retrofit gasoline cars with the new engines -- a great job opportunity for unemployed auto workers .
eCars - Now ! hopes to foster an ecosystem of car service workers and parts makers similar to the ecosystem of open-software programmers and generic computer hardware .
What will it take to make this idea work ?
To some extent , it 's already working -- by spreading . Local efforts may succeed or fail based on the talents of local implementers .
It should take about eight hours for two workers in a professional garage to install such a kit , or less than a week for the car-owner himself\/herself -LRB- or , as they say , two weeks if the owner 's spouse `` helps '' -RRB- .
Dealers and mechanics will install the batteries , comprising a new corps of workers devoted -LRB- indirectly -RRB- to cleaning up the environment and adding value to the installed base of cars .
-LRB- Many European governments currently have `` cash-for-clunker '' schemes that buy and destroy old cars ; a cash-for-gas-engines scheme would make more sense by lowering costs and conserving the many car bodies that still work fine . -RRB-
The charismatic and workaholic President Uribe was allowed -- for the first time in Colombia 's modern history -- to stand for a second four-year term as an incumbent , winning outright in the first round with an absolute majority of 62 % of the popular vote .
The slogan meant that his government intended to free up -LRB- by military means -RRB- the country 's main road networks , even when these passed through FARC territory .
But , throughout last year , French , German , and other EU leaders worked against rather than with each other when putting their policies in place .
The lesson is clear : European governments must work together when implementing industrial policy .
These recovery schemes put national interests first , using the argument that taxpayers ' money must be used to defend the nation 's companies and workers .
Initially , the Commission gave the German government free rein , but instead of assisting Opel , Berlin sought to protect German jobs by supporting Magna , the prospective Canadian-Russian buyer , even though this placed Opel 's Belgian and British workforces at risk of job losses .
In the best of all worlds , we would all benefit from the so-called `` network effects '' that result from most people using the same software : everyone could easily communicate with each other and teach each other how to use the software efficiently .
Unfortunately , since Microsoft uses network effects to maximize its profits rather than to benefit users , the world it delivers is far from the best .
Moreover , his coworkers could n't read the Microsoft Word files that he sent them in the new '' . docx '' format .
They wrote back and asked him to resend files in the older '' . doc '' format -- which might not have worked if he had inadvertently used some new-fangled formatting feature .
More subtly , Microsoft can control expectations , which turn out to be self-fulfilling when network economies are substantial , as they are in software markets .
Second , they need to use their workforces efficiently , which requires modern labor legislation that encourages employment of women , the young , and senior citizens .
They coordinate the group 's work .
Renminbi appreciation that switches Chinese spending toward foreign goods , including US exports , will work against this tendency .
But , having doubled their bet , Europeans now must make their monetary union work .
But it is the agenda Europe needs to complete to make its monetary union work .
But what might work in southern Europe has no chance of working elsewhere .
They borrowed money and put it to work to sustain their profitability .
Financial innovation , meanwhile , worked to make credit even cheaper and more widely available .
While it is always possible that there could come a tipping point at which everyone migrates from one currency to another , the network-based nature of the international monetary system , it is said , leaves room for only one true international unit .
It is harder to grow when construction workers and hedge-fund managers have to be retrained to work as welders and nurses .
Railways reorganized their operations to make more efficient use of both rolling stock and workers .
There is no shortage of new MBAs establishing start-ups or even going to work for auto companies .
Its political parties , rather than working together to address pressing economic problems , remained at each other 's throats .
So , if internal devaluation is to work , the value of debts , where they already represent a heavy burden , must be reduced .
Again , making this work requires European countries to move together .
The share of workers under the age of 30 is higher in North Africa and the Middle East than in any other part of the world .
With modern manufacturing underdeveloped , many young workers with fewer skills and less education are consigned to the informal sector .
Newspapers and blogs speak of the `` ant tribe '' of recent graduates living in cramped basements in the country 's big cities while futilely searching for work .
Not possessing urban residency permits , they lack even the limited job protections and benefits of workers who do .
Despite all of the current wailing and gnashing of teeth in Europe about its future , the euro is n't going anywhere . And China , for its part , is working energetically to internationalize its currency -- and it is making faster progress than most people appreciate .
Bonds of this sort have worked elsewhere , notably in Argentina 's recent debt restructuring . They have not been without controversy , with investors complaining that the Argentine government manipulates the statistics .
Second , the current strategy , which amounts to trying to extract blood from a stone , is not working .
And , finally , history suggests that a Marshall Plan for Greece might actually work .
A better idea is to start work now on creating a more attractive global reserve asset .
One view is that their surpluses were a corollary of the policies favoring export-led growth that worked so well for so long . China 's leaders are understandably reluctant to abandon a tried-and-true model .
They ca n't move workers from painting children 's toys in Guangdong to building schools in Western China overnight .
Only by working together can the two countries lead the world economy out of its current doldrums .
Teamwork was an obligation , not a choice .
Teamwork has repeatedly fallen hostage to turf wars and political bickering .
· Rather than reflecting job creation , much of the improvement in recent months -LRB- from 9.8 % in November last year -RRB- is due to workers exiting the labor force , thus driving workforce participation to a multi-year low of 64.2 % ;
· If part-time workers eager to work full time are included , almost one in six workers in America are either under - or unemployed ;
· More than six million workers have been unemployed for more than six months , and four million for over a year ;
It must move now to address the problem 's sources through multi-year programs that range from educational restructuring and worker retraining to productivity enhancement and housing-sector reform .
Multi-year re-alignments are messy and complex , especially when they occur simultaneously at the national and global levels , and when multi-speed growth , inflation , and credit dynamics are at work , as is the case today .
Russia has valid concerns regarding the huge Russian-speaking minorities in both countries , and these concerns are best dealt within the framework of the MAP process , where the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe 's very strict rules on treatment of minorities provide the benchmark .
Those civil rights initiatives on the part of NATO reflect the increasingly workmanlike way that Russia , Europe , and America now work out their disagreements .
But this is no cause for complacency . For the really hard work is only now beginning : dealing with all the internal practical and political problems that these enlargements will bring , as well as reckoning with countries in the membership waiting rooms , in particular Russia .
I have long worked to secure a `` much more common '' foreign policy within the EU . Therefore I am worried by today 's split within the EU as well as between some member countries and the US over Iraq .
Many people nowadays do not expect to find the meaning of their lives by looking to God , Truth , or any other external moral framework .
Such rhetoric makes wars easier to justify , easier to wage , and easier to support , especially for elected leaders who must respond directly to swings in public opinion . Such language works equally well for any society in today 's media-obsessed age .
Such rhetoric clearly works . It is global in nature .
These `` netizens '' surmount the firewall by way of proxy servers or virtual private networks -LRB- VPNs -RRB- that allow them to browse the Web as if they were outside of China .
Jonathan Zittrain , Co-Director of Harvard University 's Berkman Center for Internet and Society , has suggested that the United States , for example , could start with some basic funding for the kind of `` science and technology innovation that gave us the Internet to begin with . '' This could include potential `` game changers '' in China such as ad hoc mesh networking , which allows users to communicate with one another by hopping from one device to the next without an Internet service provider in the middle .
Co-founder and CEO Evan Williams recently suggested that software developers were working on technology to evade government barriers , though he did not give specific details .
Russia is a rich country with a poor population , and redistribution schemes work well in such conditions .
But to attribute the performance of Russian business to the efforts of the state is the same as attributing a writer 's work to his editor , or even to his censor .
Or is the choice of picture on the banknote a symptom of psychological trauma , an unconscious but realistic manifestation of the work of mourning ?
The work of mourning , to use Freud 's formula , is continuous .
The work of memory is hard , expensive , and fragile .
It will subordinate all who really do work -- traders , warriors , journalists , and others -- to party ideologues whose sole job is to search for enemies .
Both sought to undo the work of their successful predecessors , Bill Clinton and Boris Yeltsin .
We will see more persecution of scientists , journalists , and businessmen , whose work with international charities , media , or corporations will now be construed as treachery .
The working group may have contributed to ending the war of words , at least on the American side , and McFaul has now been nominated to become US Ambassador to Russia .
Nor is it too early to begin work on crafting a new Nuclear Weapons Convention that provides a workable framework for multilateral negotiations , and on devising an independent high-level monitoring mechanism that would spell out clear benchmarks for progress , track how they are being met , and create real pressure for change .
But the response of many reviewers to Pinker 's work has been incomprehension , denial , or a tenacious focus on individual horror stories , as though they somehow change the larger picture .
Given the complexity and sensitivity of the issues -- never more so than when military action is an option -- it is not surprising that the responsibility to protect remains a work in progress .
Few have worked harder to shake the world out of its complacency than four of the hardest-nosed realists ever to hold public office : former US Secretaries of State Henry Kissinger and George Shultz , former US Secretary of Defense William Perry , and former US Senator Sam Nunn .
Casual racism -- disparaging remarks made about other ethnic and national groups around the workplace , or over the bar or the family dinner table -LRB- as I can well remember growing up in the 1950 's -RRB- -- had become much less prevalent in Australian private life , and certainly wholly absent from public life , by the 1990 's .
After all , although modern market economics provides a sound framework for policymaking -- as Chinese bureaucrats are eagerly learning -- the idea of a planned economy emerged in the nineteenth century as a counter-orthodoxy to address market failures .
One-third of China 's labor force remains in agriculture , earning only about half what migrant workers in China 's booming cities earn .
But I believe that other factors are also essential One-factor mobility may work well in a theoretical model , but in the dynamic real world , if the income gap can not be narrowed rapidly enough , conditions that serve to enlarge the gap -- such as unfavorable geography -- may come to dominate .
Some social groups , such as skilled workers , engineers , and financial-sector employees , have seen their wages rise strongly .
Those with less education , however , such as migrant workers and farmers , have fared much worse .
They comprise , in roughly equal parts , the low-income workers who account for up to 65-70 % of the total workforce .
The old generation of farmers may stay put , but younger generations will continue to leave the land , creating a seemingly infinite supply of labor , which suppresses wages in all industries and services for lower-educated workers .
The social-security system is to be extended to cover all workers and farmers .
As a result , migrant workers with a rural hukou now outnumber workers who hold an urban hukou on average in Chinese cities .
If rural workers have financial difficulties , which in other countries often lead to land sales , they can work harder to find other jobs or seek government help .
This peculiar arrangement has generated an important result : if migrant workers lose their urban jobs , they retain some income from their land lease and can return to their village and reclaim the land -LRB- normally within one year -RRB- .
Migrant workers still feel unable truly to integrate into cities , because their social safety net remains anchored to their rural origins .
Announcing the abolition of the hukou system might be easy , but it would mean little without institutions that can cushion the risks faced by rural migrant workers in China 's cities .
Although the majority of China 's exports now come from private companies that receive virtually no loans from state banks , American candidates in previous elections routinely sought to curry favor with working class voters by vowing to protect US jobs against China 's supposedly unfair business practices .
The jobs issue could be exploited further by citing poor working conditions , low wages , child labor , and other problems commonly found in developing countries .
After all , most US voters can be trusted not to learn how other countries , let alone countries in the Far East , really work .
As well as taking collective action to stop the war in Lebanon and Gaza , key players like the `` quartet '' -- the UN , the United States , the European Union , and Russia -- must develop a comprehensive security framework for the Middle East .
The Socialist International is committed to working hard with its partners in the region to make peace in the Middle East a reality .
Public health workers argue that therapy should be imposed upon patients who are at risk of failing to complete it -- a policy that others claim would violate individual liberty .
Such a system of complex differential tariffs is just the kind of protectionism that governments have been working to eliminate since the start of the GATT process more than 50 years ago .
The plan working its way through the United States Congress -LRB- the Waxman-Markey bill -RRB- would initially give away 85 % of the permits , impose a complex set of regulatory policies , and allow companies to buy CO2 offsets -LRB- e.g. , by paying for the planting of trees -RRB- instead of reducing their emissions or buying permits .
As a result , most working individuals reduced the amount that they saved for their retirement , and retirees were able to increase their spending .
More specifically , the rising unemployment rate , along with the large number of employees on involuntary part-time work , has increased the number of people who can not afford their monthly mortgage payments .
This is a new program , and it remains to be seen how well it will work to prevent future defaults . Some limited previous experience with mortgage modifications is not encouraging .
I had the good fortune to work with President Reagan as his chief economic adviser .
That return to full employment will also reduce the number of people who , discouraged that no jobs exist for those with their skills , have stopped looking for work -LRB- and are therefore not counted as unemployed -RRB- .
When the textile and shoe industries in America 's northeastern states died , workers moved to the West , where new industries were growing .
The unemployed workers of Greece , Portugal , and Spain do not move to faster-growing regions of Europe because of differences in language , history , religion , union membership , etc. .
But such a strategy can work only in countries where the duration of the government 's debt is long and the interest rate on that debt is fixed .
As firms shed workers during the economic downturn , output fell more slowly .
The resulting rise in output per worker , together with slow wage growth , reduced unit labor costs .
The country 's demographic structure is changing , with an increasing number of retirees relative to the workers who are in their prime saving years .
While experts try to work this out in terms of portfolio balances , a more fundamental starting point is the fact that a US trade deficit means that Americans receive more goods and services from the rest of the world than they send back -- $ 700 billion more last year .
But the market forces that cause those currencies to appreciate do not work on the renminbi , because China has only very limited capital-account convertibility .
Its key feature is to shift official policy from maximizing GDP growth toward raising consumption and average workers ' standard of living .
And the funds that urban workers send to relatives who remain in the agricultural sector have helped to raise their standard of living as well .
Official analyses downplay the effect of lower marginal tax rates on taxable income , but experience shows that taxable income rises substantially as taxpayers respond to lower marginal rates by working more , taking more of their compensation in taxable cash than in fringe benefits , and reducing their tax-deductible consumption .
By contrast , the central bank could lower interest rates rapidly , which worked to raise household and business spending through a variety of channels .
The new Obama administration and the Congress are still working out the structure of the fiscal stimulus for the US .
The resulting layoffs of Chinese factory workers has caused second-round declines in local demand for Chinese goods and services , as Chinese households cut back on their spending .
Millions of low-skilled workers who left farms in China 's interior to work in coastal manufacturing centers are now being forced to return to their villages .
An important law of politics is at work here : every integrative process provokes a fissile reaction .
Health professionals took the lead in a campaign to press the government -- through the mechanisms of direct democracy -- to shift its focus from arresting and punishing drug users toward public-health policies that are based on scientific evidence of what works .
This requires coordinating policing and health programs within a coherent policy framework , investing in research and public education on drug policy , opening new programs to independent review , and standing up to ideological criticism , both domestic and international , with evidence and pragmatism .
The Alliance is working hard to consolidate Moldova 's democracy , the rule of law , and economic reform , as well as to press ahead with European integration .
We are also working to improve the business environment and investment climate by cutting red tape and simplifying the administrative burden on foreign investors .
We are working on a new Association Agreement , which would anchor Moldova in the European space .
We are already working on implementing all the necessary technical conditions .
Our customs officials and border guards are working actively with an EU mission to modernize our border infrastructure , and we are progressing fast in border demarcation with our only eastern neighbor , Ukraine .
In exchange for long-term suspension of uranium enrichment , Iran and other states would gain access to research and technology within an internationally defined framework and under comprehensive supervision by the International Atomic Energy Agency .
The EU has worked for 20 years on these reforms .
The recalcitrant states achieved a Pyrrhic victory because it will quickly become clear to them that , even if the EU is getting a new institutional framework , the avantgarde countries will decide among themselves what the concrete arrangements will look like .
Indeed , today the center almost completely dictates Russian internal politics and economics , though not within a totalitarian or autocratic framework , but in a democratic and market-based fashion .
And yet the Club of Rome 's basic insight -- that we live and work in a finite global ecosystem , with exhaustible resources and capacities -- has returned to challenge us again .
The Cup 's organization has been exceptional -LRB- as was to be expected -RRB- , with excellent police work giving hooligans hardly a chance .
Yet a mechanism of this kind can only work if a third party -LRB- the US , the `` US plus , '' or the Middle East Quartet -RRB- is available to monitor the agreement .
As long as America remains the sole world power , the next US President will be neither able nor willing to change the basic framework of America 's foreign policy .
In particular , the way Europe , in the process of its enlargement , has projected its power to achieve lasting peace across the whole continent , and fostered development by integrating entire economies , states , and societies within its institutional framework , could become a model for shaping a cooperative world order in the twenty-first century .
When respectable British media such as Financial Times warn against a renewed European psychodrama and instead call for working toward a `` Europe of results , '' this should be regarded rather as a bad joke than a serious alternative .
Institutions , however , may be reformed if they no longer work , and this is exactly what the EU has been futilely trying to do for 20 years .
Germany has long seen its strategic interests from within the framework of an integrated EU .
Basically , the old European Economic Community and the old European Free Trade Agreement will de facto emerge anew within the framework of the EU .
Beyond that , however , we should seriously consider whether , within the framework of the Treaty of Nice and on the basis of the Common Market , all parties involved and Europe would be better off parting ways : members favoring political integration should move on , while those satisfied with the Common Market should stay behind .
This formula worked with the Monetary Union .
So far , thanks to the euro , the ECB , Gordon Brown , and Sarkozy , the EU has worked well in the world financial crisis .
It would be far better for the German government to take the bull by the horns by defining the principles of a European economic government in such a way that both countercyclical debt policy within the Maastricht framework and the ECB 's independence are preserved .
Globalization has resulted in a lasting change in the distribution of power and opportunities , laying the groundwork for a new world order for the twenty-first century .
A few months ago , the Russian government came up with a proposal to negotiate a new European order within the framework of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe .
The peripheral nature of the NATO-Russia Council was clearly not enough and did not work .
The German perspective is thus shifting in the direction of that of France and the United Kingdom : the EU is increasingly seen as a framework and precondition for asserting national interests , rather than as an aim in itself .
This explains their great fear of , indeed an obsession with , `` color revolutions , '' although they are de facto working hard to bring one about .
In the long run , though , rule by bayonet rarely works .
At the same time , by moving to the left , Merkel ousted the SPD from the political center -- where elections are won and lost in Germany -- while still being able to form a workable majority in the new five-party system without risking new coalition constellations and fierce internal conflict .
Whether it works will be seen in April , when Greece will have to refinance its debt once more .
None of these will work .
And should things work out that way , this would be due more to a self-fulfilling prophecy on the West 's part than to Turkey 's policies .
Objectively , the trend is indeed towards a `` German Europe , '' which will never work .
Much to his credit -- and in contrast to his immediate predecessor -- Obama tried , from his first day in office , to work towards a resolution of the conflict between Israelis and Palestinians .
The overthrow of Tunisia 's Zine El Abidine Ben Ali is the first such spontaneous democratic uprising in the Arabic world , showing that in an age of satellite television and the Internet , suppression of information and free expression by individual governments does n't really work anymore .
This would create the most important thing that these states and their rapidly growing young populations need to produce stability within the framework of democratic development : grounds for hope of economic and social progress .
Iran is intensively working toward the same end , while continuing to expand its hegemonic position in the region .
Despite the NPT , a clear separation between civilian and military use of nuclear energy has n't always worked , or worked completely , because the NPT 's rules permit all signatory states to develop and use -- under international supervision -- all of the components of the nuclear fuel cycle for civilian purposes .
Insolvent states need help with restructuring , both in the financial sector and well beyond it , so that they can work their way out of crisis .
Everyone knows that Greece will be unable to work its way out of crisis without massive debt relief .
Any chance to make this work would have required overhauling the financial system early in 2009 , but that opportunity was largely wasted .
Germany and France , the two crucial players in this crisis , will have to devise a joint strategy , because only they , working together , can push through a solution .
Washington 's realization that Iraq can no longer be won or even stabilized unless the regional framework changes , has come late -- perhaps too late .
But it 's a program that can be achieved only if international organizations like the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization -LRB- FAO -RRB- work hand-in-hand with national governments and with private donors and partners .
Yes , these countries will recover at a slower pace than elsewhere , but countries that have fallen into a deep hole must work harder than those that have fallen into a shallow one .
Economists working on the macro economy , its micro foundations , exogenous and endogenous growth theory , the formation of expectations and problems of information and discrimination all refer back to Phelps .
By this point , Phelps had already acquired an international reputation through his work on the golden rule of capital accumulation -LRB- he was 28 -RRB- .
This concept now appears in the toolbox of every economist , is taught in all classes on growth , and serves as a reference in all works on the macro economy .
Phelps was behind the modern reworking of the macro economy -- and , according to Samuelson , the micro economy , too .
In Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory , a famous work that he published and to which he made three major contributions , he set the scene for what would become the greatest revolution in economic theory of the last 50 years .
The bulk of Phelps 's current work consists of a new reworking of structuralist theory , in an effort to show how changes in interest rates and asset prices affect the equilibrium unemployment rate over the medium term .
Indeed , we can expect his new theoretical framework to become a reference point in a decade or two .
But what is needed is an institutional framework that would establish greater political responsibility concerning the primary economic objectives that Europe should pursue -- full employment and growth -- and that would at least partly close the democratic deficit implied by the ECB 's takeover of monetary policy from euro-zone states .
His agenda appears to aim at domestic liberalization -- moving beyond the 35-hour week , ending the special pension regimes accorded to particular professions , increasing incentives to work and gain wealth . But it also seeks protection from the dizzying effects of globalization , which probably will mean strong support for the EU 's Common Agricultural Policy , skepticism toward further trade liberalization and the will to improve European Union 's economic government .
Most French understand that their public spaces -- the labor market , the workplace , housing , and educational institutions -- are corroded by discrimination .
There are hundreds of global public-private partnerships working on various global ills -- but few have been examined to see what good they do .
The same logic applies to hedge funds : investors are typically not allowed to know how they work , and no warranties are offered .
But Rashevsky did make at least one early effort to interest biologists in his work .
In 1952 , Alan Turing -- best known for his work on computation and the mind -- proposed a mathematical model consisting of a pair of equations describing the reaction and diffusion of two imaginary chemicals .
Wakefield 's work has now been thoroughly discredited as incorrect and dishonest science .
Among many other decisions that have worked out well for them , both countries have foregone a standing army .
Second , and perhaps more importantly , the Mexicans implemented the methodological idea of conducting controlled experiments to find out which policies work and which do n't work in developing countries -LRB- which has fed into the exciting Randomized Control Trials movement in the field of development economics -RRB- .
The challenge for South Korea stems from the inevitable tradeoff between legitimacy and workability .
The G-7 was small enough to be workable , but too small to claim legitimacy .
The United Nations is big enough to claim legitimacy , but too big to be workable .
But it is too big to be workable as a steering group .
Here is how it would work .
In this new framework , the EU should avoid excessive conditionality , especially during the transition period .
In the summer of 2004 , two groups of scientists working independently -LRB- one led by researchers at Harvard Medical School and Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston and the other led by researchers at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratories -RRB- called this scientific dogma into question .
While committee members tried to be dispassionate , their own judgment , predilections , and interests necessarily entered into their work , and some championed their own agendas , whether openly or cunningly .
Designated nominators rarely provided committees with a clear consensus , and the committees often ignored the rare mandates when a single strongly nominated candidate did appear , such as Albert Einstein for his work on relativity theory .
Yet , to a greater extent than the prizes allow , research progresses through the work of many .
The Nobel bylaws do not allow splitting a prize into more than three parts , thereby excluding discoveries that entailed work by more than three researchers , or omitting key persons who equally deserved to share in the honor .
The seventh Framework Program , worth some ¤ 50 billion -- a 40 % increase over the sixth program -- is perhaps the most prominent funding source tool through which the EU supports R&D activities .
If this mechanism did n't work properly , we might falsely attribute sensations caused by our own actions to something happening in the outside world over which we have no control .
There is still much work to be done , both to comprehend schizophrenia and develop more effective treatments .
But at least we now have a promising framework for understanding how bizarre experiences in the mind can be linked to abnormal processes in the brain .
Not everyone wanted to be modern , of course , and not everyone could put in place the institutions and policies necessary to make democracy and capitalism work , but no alternative system would yield better results .
America 's third mistake was to overestimate how effective conventional military power would be in dealing with the weak states and networked transnational organizations that characterize international politics , at least in the broader Middle East .
This linkage does exist in the case of Hezbollah , but the networked actors have their own social roots and are not simply pawns used by regional powers .
But the gambit did n't work , and there was clearly a behind-the-scenes power struggle between different parts of the regime .
Hwang has just been fired by Seoul National University , and six of his co-workers have been suspended or had their pay cut .
If so , in what spirit should they conduct their work ?
From artists to scientists , all intellectual workers are preoccupied with the giving and taking of credit .
Even if someone 's work is criticized , it must be credited properly .
Credit is often given simply because someone has produced a creditable work .
But , increasingly , the fixation on credit reflects the work 's potential monetary value .
And , however one defines the creditworthiness of intellectual work , one thing is clear : reported cases of fraud are on the rise .
Sometimes fraud consists in plagiarism : the culprit takes credit for someone else 's work .
A useful simplification in addressing the potential work of research ethics panels is to consider two models of review : `` inquisitorial '' and `` accusatorial . ''
His was a genuine case in which intellectual work was given a fair trial in the proverbial `` court of public opinion '' and required no further oversight .
The accusatorial system is designed for those relatively rare cases when error slips through the peer-review net , resulting in some concrete damage to health or the environment , or causing the corruption of later research that assumes the validity of fraudulent work .
Many so-called frauds are cases in which researchers claimed credit for work they have not really carried out , but that pointed in the right direction and was eventually completed by others .
However , they remain scientific visionaries because others built so effectively on their `` work . ''
Before , there were fewer readers and writers , but they were the same people , and had relatively direct access to each other 's work .
By submitting to a common regime of speaking , writing , reading , observing , and calculating , the `` upright ape '' acquired the capacity to reason in public . This enabled first him and then her to command authority regardless of birth , resulting in the forging of networks and even institutions whose benefits cut deeply across bloodlines .
In these ways , academics enable knowledge to do maximum work at minimal cost to its recipients .
China is also working on `` connectivity '' projects -- namely , a rail and highway network -- aimed at boosting economic and social ties between China and the ASEAN countries .
Security structures developed a taste for this kind of work , and welcomed new responsibilities .
If public awareness of the current problems stimulates politicians to find a solution that works , better drugs and better drug use will be achievable .
Attempts to eradicate it using chemicals worked only fleetingly .
More broadly , to allow Kosovo 's independence would demonstrate that violent secessionism works .
The state would hand over permanent ownership of land to those who are entitled to it by virtue of living and working on it .
Saint Peter 's successors as Roman pontiffs oversaw a network of Church-run universities which educated cultural elites in the same way and in the same language -LRB- Latin -RRB- .
A network of churches -- built in the same style throughout Europe -- shared a common calendar and liturgy .
A communications network that allowed rapid dissemination of ideas served a common spirit .
But the Constitution must not only introduce more clarity , transparency , and efficiency into the workings of European institutions ; it must also bring the EU closer to its citizens .
Europe should base the multilateralism of its foreign policy on human rights , while working on reforming international law and the UN system to ensure that human rights win out over short-sighted political calculations .
But no amount of finger pointing can obscure the fact that , 50 years after the European Community 's creation , Europe badly needs a new political framework , if not a new project , to shore up its unity .
It could then be seen , in a bicameral system , as a kind of `` Chamber of Nations '' within the framework of what Jacques Delors called a `` federation of nation states . ''
But such a debate also demands an organizational framework to engage European civil society , national parliaments , and pan-European mass media .
Iraq also possesses human and material resources that should work in favor of democracy in the long term .
This task requires time , patience , hard work , and luck .
The challenge is to find what works best in which setting .
The gains are much higher for skilled workers , so the mobility rate increases with education .
The mobility of university graduates is much higher than the mobility of unskilled workers .
The increase in child labor reflects families ' dire economic situation : children are frequently a family 's only breadwinners , and they work cheap .
Here , a child may be used for agricultural labor or for janitorial work .
Many work in piles of garbage , either removing them to another place or collecting empty bottles and cans to sell .
Not surprisingly , Iraq 's child workers suffer from a wide array of serious health problems .
Children who work in the garbage dumps are prone to skin and respiratory problems , while those who work with paints eventually become addicted to the intoxicants that they inhale .
And all working children are vulnerable to malnutrition , as their diet typically lacks the items necessary to build body tissues .
Labor laws and regulations keep millions of potential workers out of jobs .
Of course , in a `` real '' human being any number of these causes -- social , psychological , or genetic -- may be at work .
And , after a review of the Rwanda debacle , 400 NGOs and UN organizations working in 80 countries got together in the Sphere Project to develop a common humanitarian mandate and handbook of standards outlining the minimum performance required of any NGO working in a disaster zone .
As the number of post-intervention reviews increases , a rudimentary framework for evaluating the impact of NGOs has appeared .
As a result , emergency relief evaluations often rely on little more than guesswork and assumptions .
NGOs do the lion 's share of the world 's humanitarian work , and some mistakes are inevitable .
The `` reforms '' that have been conducted over the last 15 years have denied a large proportion of the work-fit population , primarily young people , of jobs and the right to a decent life .
Continuing on the current path will only destroy the nation 's workers .
Implementing our program of social justice and economic growth will allow wages to be doubled in the course of a year by bringing them into line with labor 's contribution to the national income , expanding workers ' rights to stand up for their interests , and increasing the minimum wage by three times .
Those who work well and benefit society will get high incomes , not those who take what belongs to other people .
The combination of the estimated increase in the world 's population by two billion people , lower transport costs , better connectivity , and growing transnational social and economic networks could and should lead to increased movement of people .
Medical and public health advances have increased longevity in developed countries , while persistently low fertility levels and the end of the post-WWII baby boom mean that the number of native-born workers will fall in the coming years .
Neither event is earth shattering , but , taken together , these two steps mean that a new system of international justice is working .
Only by demonstrating professionalism in its work , and willingness to hold senior government figures accountable where appropriate , can the ICC engender broad and lasting support .
Russia 's traditional army can not fight terrorists effectively because it disdains the ability of soldiers to work in small groups , and does not encourage individual initiative on the part of officers .
For example , Russian security structures have no information about the underground work of the terrorist organizations , which are spread across the entire Russian Federation .
Within the framework of an overall settlement of the conflict , a number of countries could contribute to this sum : the United States and the European Union countries , as well as Saudi Arabia and the other Gulf states .
How could such a framework be operated effectively in an economy in which financial sector problems have weakened the monetary transmission mechanism ?
The framework we suggest has the important benefit of continuity . The PBC would not have to change its operational approach to monetary policy .
Furthermore , it should be easier to adopt the new framework when times are good -- like now , when growth is strong and inflation is low .
Contrary to those who regard the discussion of an alternative monetary framework as premature , there are good reasons for China to begin right now to build the institutional foundation for the transition to an independent monetary policy .
The remaining options are said to fall into three groups : `` grand scientific quandaries '' -LRB- such as uniting gravity and electricity into one theory -RRB- which require a huge investment and first world infrastructure ; `` data collection , '' which is the field work associated with archeological digs and biological\/genetic surveys ; and `` science-informed problems , '' such as combating AIDS or addressing global warming .
Beyond that , many believe the only hard work will be to use existing laws to benefit humankind in new technological ways .
After all , today 's models work .
Information is at work on each level and comfortable theories explain how the separate ones operate .
Sometimes the transplant works well enough , but it does not address the central problem : What is the nature of the information conveyed between each level , and how is it conveyed ?
A similarly embarrassing lack of understanding about how the whole system works exists in every case .
They have been working in a distributed collaboration for eight years and come from a range of countries and specialties .
At this simple level , we understand how nature works .
After all , nothing is better for innovation than a scientist working outside conventional institutions , solving a problem that will save his or her family .
Sometimes the tailored nature of viruses works in our favor .
Like scientists , they prefer to work with huge amounts of data , which is why the US government wants a record of every call and financial transaction made by every inhabitant of the country .
Then , of course , there is the biggest market of all : the US , where it is estimated that annual revenue for pornography in 2004 exceeded the combined revenue of the ABC , CBS , and NBC television networks by many billions of dollars .
By developing a joint vision for the development of international waterways , these regional cooperation initiatives work towards common ownership of the resource , thereby reducing the risk that disputes over water use will escalate into violence .
Most international waterways have such frameworks for dialogue , albeit at different stages of development and levels of achievement .
These three qualities should be put to work if our planet is to be spared major water wars .
States should make a political commitment to a framework that includes overall objectives , an institutional framework , and specific pledges of early action and financing .
That would allow the United States and other countries to enact the necessary legislation , and provide United Nations negotiators time to translate the COP15 Declaration into an appropriate , workable legal structure .
If this means a total reworking of the current document , so be it .
Therefore , it is more important than ever that heads of state attend the Copenhagen conference , as this two-step solution will only work with strong , direct intervention by leaders .
This `` just-do-it '' approach works fine in the United States , for example , where the Federal Reserve has established its anti-inflationary credibility .
During the early transition years , the lack of an effective monetary-policy framework reflected the challenge of establishing new institutions and regulations , as well as the difficulty of overcoming the legacy of central planning , under which budget and credit financing were indistinguishable .
But the RCB 's lack of resolve in adopting a framework where low inflation is clearly stated as the priority now threatens to undermine what has been achieved .
Indeed , one in seven workers is employed by a foreign company , compared to one in ten in the UK and one in 20 in the United States .
If you exclude the cosseted army of public-sector workers , the rate approaches 15 % .
In the section `` Employing workers '' of Doing Business , France ranks 134th , compared to 17th for the UK and first for the US .
With employers unwilling to hire workers that they can not easily fire , French young people are right to feel uncertain about their future .
One of Monnet 's first actions was to declare that modernization could not be attained while the French worked such short hours ; a 45-hour working week was the minimum that was necessary .
French workers put in an average of 46 hours per week through the early 1960s .
Since then , work-time has steadily declined .
A 32-hour work week is now deemed something worth going on strike for .
Given this reality , what matters now is how this `` Putin system '' will work , which will depend on institutional frameworks and practices .
Japan 's de facto one-party state is more democratic than authoritarian , owing not only to its law-based framework , but also to its culture of accountability .
Foreign voter participation is clearly bound to work best at a local level , where the issues are more concrete .
In Neuchatel , many naturalized citizens , including elected local councilors , retain their foreign passports for several reasons : among European Union passport-holders , doing so allows their children to study in the EU or to work there themselves .
While the CSRC should be congratulated for its good work in improving this environment , more needs to be done .
As the government steps up privatization , the CSRC must encourage such sales and continue to establish a framework for mergers and acquisitions to support them .
Moreover , the country 's continuing high levels of fixed-asset investment make sense -- building roads , water pipes , metro systems , telecommunication networks , and electronics factories is what a vast and rapidly modernizing country must do .
Fruit flies are not geniuses , but `` cramming '' works no better for them than it does for us .
That August , construction workers in Qiqihar mistakenly ruptured mustard gas canisters left from the wartime Japanese occupation , injuring dozens and killing at least one .
But for peer reviews to work , they must embody international practice and full transparency .
The meetings are aimed at creating the impression that the world 's leaders are still working on a solution to the problem .
The structural shift towards exports will be difficult and time-consuming mainly because producing the high-tech goods that the US should be exporting requires a skilled workforce , which has largely been lost and can not be re-created overnight .
Most construction workers are rather low-skilled and thus can not be re-deployed to modern high-tech manufacturing .
The same applies to real-estate agents , social workers , and managers of credit-card accounts .
During the bubble years , the situation was exactly the opposite : most of the workers released by a rapidly shrinking manufacturing sector could be employed easily in construction and social services , which require only low skills -LRB- likewise , real-estate services demand only rather general skills -RRB- .
Post-bubble economies thus face a fundamental mismatch between the skills available in the existing work force and the requirements of a modern export-oriented manufacturing sector .
Labor-market flexibility is always touted as a panacea , but even the highest degree of it can not transform unemployed realtors or construction workers into skilled manufacturing specialists .
After the boom peaked in 1995 , one million construction workers were laid off and could not find jobs elsewhere .
Once too many houses have been built , the existing overhang depresses the market for a very long time , and unemployed construction workers are usually unable to find jobs elsewhere .
Investors should not worry , they argue , because the current bailout mechanism -- the European Financial Stability Facility -LRB- EFSF -RRB- -- has worked so far without any haircut for bondholders , and will continue to be applied until about 2013 .
It could work .
But retail shop clerks and car dealers can not be easily transformed into the specialized and highly skilled workers needed in modern manufacturing .
Labor-market liberalization would allow firms in the domestic sector to fire workers more rapidly , but would do little to encourage export-oriented firms to invest more and create more jobs , especially when the domestic banking system is under stress and can not provide new credit .
This requisite independence of the IMF staff can be achieved by stipulating that the Board oversees only the work of the Fund 's analytical functions and , more importantly , that its composition and decision-making mode are overhauled in the following ways :
The solution to this conundrum was supposed to have been the Stability and Growth Pact , working in tandem with the so-called `` no bailout '' clause in the Maastricht Treaty .
Thus , the EMF would provide a framework for sovereign bankruptcy comparable to the procedures that exist in the US for bankrupt companies that qualify for restructuring .
These two simple elements -- orderly default and a financing mechanism -- could resolve the current crisis within the euro zone : by creating a European Monetary Fund along these lines , the euro area would acquire an institution that could support member countries in difficulties , but that would also ensure that market discipline really worked .
But this approach has no answer to the fundamental question : What if the framework does not work ?
The eurozone can not stabilize in political and economic terms without a solid framework for crisis resolution and an ability to deal with sovereign default by a member state .
This is the choice that European leaders now confront : a radical step forward toward political or policy integration , or a clear framework to deal with the consequences of a member country 's failure to abide by the fundamental rules of the monetary union .
The text mostly replicates the structure of Convention Chairman Valery Giscard d'Estaing 's `` skeleton '' Constitution , presented last November , and the conclusions reached by the Convention 's working groups .
Where markets and business are concerned , the draft text stretches the `` economic governance '' working group 's conclusions so as to propose a centralized approach , one strongly tilted to favor social , environmental , and consumer objectives , neglecting economic freedom and the market economy .
Until now , European integration worked best when it reduced the role of public -LRB- usually national -RRB- intervention , thus opening up national markets .
For example , the economic governance working group had agreed that monetary policy should be managed at Union level by an independent central bank , the ECB .
The key to overcoming resistance is to give affected workers grounds to hope that they can find a new job .
Moreover , well-functioning labor markets attract migrants with higher qualifications , while countries with rigid employment protection are targeted by the low-skilled and those willing to work illegally .
Labor migration also presents challenges for source countries , for it diminishes their pool of young and educated workers .
First , the old member states should immediately lift remaining restrictions on the freedom of movement for workers from new member countries .
Any minimum wage would automatically also apply to immigrant workers , mitigating `` unfair '' competition for low-skilled jobs .
Second , the EU should enact a common scheme for admission of immigrant workers from outside the Union .
Such a scheme should include a `` point system '' for selecting applicants for residence and work permits , which would assign each applicant a score based on objective criteria , typically including language ability , education , and experience .
By establishing a common `` welfare floor '' throughout the EU , providing an effective safety net to native workers whose jobs are threatened by integration , and adopting a coordinated policy on immigration , European citizens would be reassured .
This , in turn , might reduce their hostility to migrant workers while offering migrants an equitable and fair legal framework .
In thinking about this possibility we are drawn to the example of Ireland , where a two-state solution has worked .
Europe has technology and provides a secure framework for investment , but it is the southern Mediterranean that increasingly can point to strong economic growth .
A Euro-Mediterranean monetary system would avoid the discrepancy between euro - and dollar-denominated trade -- indeed , eventual expansion of the eurozone should not be ruled out . A reliable legal framework for exports and investments is also needed , and a targeted development bank would help to create a financial environment favorable to investment .
Mobility for students and professors should be accompanied by improved occupational mobility for both European and African workers .
When the Muslim world was thrown into confusion and disarray after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the democratic wing of the Islamist movement was working on a platform of legislative reforms it would propose for EU accession .
Public funding also benefits a country 's economy , because large employers are spared the expense of providing health benefits to their workers .
The primary studies forming the basis of these reviews come largely from the United States , where for-profit and not-for-profit providers work side by side in the same environment , and where large administrative databases allow accurate detection of death rates .
Displaced farmers and workers must be provided with the education and training required to enter new jobs , as well as the funds , health care , and other essential services that they need to tide them through the transition .
At the same time , the best way to help bring about a more liberal Russia -- one that promises to be more stable at home and more responsible abroad -- is by working with it .
Indeed , other instruments of policy , including intelligence , police work and diplomacy , are likely to play a larger part in any effective policy .
Networks will be needed alongside organizations .
Others deemed this to be too dangerous in an era defined by nuclear weapons , and the US opted instead for a policy of containment , working to limit the reach of Soviet power and influence .
While encouraging the rule of law and the growth of civil society , the US still needs to work with other governments , democratic and otherwise .
The good news is that history shows that it is possible to make peace with and work with non-democracies .
Today , the US and authoritarian China have mutually beneficial trade and financial ties , and have shown on occasion that they can work together on strategic issues , for example in shaping North Korea 's behavior .
Security is the absolute precondition for sustainable recovery from conflict ; without it , people can not rebuild their country or return to school or work .
Unlike many recent post_conflict situations , there is much raw material to work with .
The international community can realize this goal if it is prepared to stay the course and work with Iraqis until the fundamentals of a democratic society take hold .
It is up to the US to work with China and others to do this , and this requires America 's openness to others ' preferences and their having a larger role .
Today , the US is working to extricate itself from a second conflict involving Iraq , trying to figure out a way forward in Afghanistan , and contemplating the use of force against Iran .
Egypt will face enormous economic difficulties , exacerbated by recent events , which have frightened off tourists , deterred investment , and kept many from working .
At various times , the US avoided scrutinizing the internal workings of friendly countries in the interest of ensuring a steady flow of oil ; containing Soviet , Iraqi , and Iranian expansionism ; addressing issues related to the Arab-Israeli conflict ; resisting communism in East Asia ; or securing military bases .
The problem is that French identity has always been made up of contradictory and sometimes adversarial elements , such as France 's Catholic and secular traditions , its revolutionary ideology and conservative inclinations , and the cultural outlooks of its rural and working-class citizens .
It was the old doom-and-gloom mathematics of Thomas Malthus at work : population shoots up geometrically while food production lags behind .
The number-one component of any fertilizer is nitrogen , and the first of the two German researchers , Fritz Haber , discovered how to work the dangerous , complex chemistry needed to pull nitrogen out of the atmosphere -- where it is abundant but useless for fertilizer -- and turn it into a substance that can grow plants .
Carl Bosch , a young genius working for a chemical company , quickly ramped up Haber 's process to industrial levels .
If you do n't think this work important , consider that half the nitrogen in your body is synthetic , a product of a Haber-Bosch factory .
The government 's rescue policies appear to be working .
The big three state-owned banks have vast branch networks and employ hundreds of thousands of people .
Dependent marijuana users are more likely to experience road and workplace accidents -LRB- if they drive or work while intoxicated -RRB- ; increased respiratory disease -LRB- if they smoke marijuana -RRB- ; exacerbations of some serious mental disorders ; and impaired school and work performance .
In fact , after inspections were suspended in 1998 , Iraq worked tirelessly to build an impenetrable wall around the people responsible for its weapons programs .
The outside world currently knows little about the inner workings of the Iraqi weapons program .
Only after the defection of Hussein Kamel , Saddam 's son-in-law and head of the Iraqi military industry , did Blix get the clues to uncover the actual workings of Iraq 's ambitious program .
For example , it would be impractical to drop the basic framework of a bi-communal , bi-zonal federation , which was agreed by both sides as long ago as 1977 .
Globalization is internationalizing markets , finance , and commerce , while the information revolution is changing the way we work , learn , and communicate .
The Palestinian Authority has received more aid per capita than did post-war Europe under the Marshall Plan , yet the politics of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict have foiled hopes of a broader Euro-Mediterranean framework that , through dialogue and investment , would bring tangible improvements to the lives of millions .
A region often depicted as `` backward '' is debating its destiny both face-to-face and across social networks every second of every day .
Literary works in which people who committed cruel , bloody acts were transformed into vampires became popular from 1820 onwards .
Non-believers often have as strong and sound a sense of right and wrong as anyone , and have worked to abolish slavery and contributed to other efforts to alleviate human suffering .
A railroad worker is standing next to a switch that can turn the boxcar onto a side track , killing one person , but allowing the five to survive .
But in almost every successful case -- for example , Mexico and Argentina in 1995 , Korea in 1998 , and Brazil in 1999 -- what worked was a combination of domestic adjustment and international support .
We are now entering a new era , and it is our duty to respect one another and to work together for the benefit of all .
If we do not want to be overrun by anonymous forces , the principles of freedom , equality and solidarity - the foundation of stability and prosperity in Western democracies - must start working globally .
Their deaths are the sole responsibility of the military junta , which deliberately and with knowledge of the likely consequences has closed the door to humanitarian aid and workers from all over the world .
It is this lack of a coordinated attempt to structure an agreement between Israelis and Palestinians -- a structure based on an inclusive , interdisciplinary , and systemic approach that can shift the variables and lead to a peace that both peoples regard as equal and fair -- that most concerns those of us who work in international crisis resolution .
In working to promote human rights , political reform , and democratization in China , Liu has made a significant contribution to the values of peace and fraternity among nations that Nobel had in mind when he created the award more than a century ago .
All of their work was ended by assassins .
We would like to call upon readers of this appeal to help raise funds to support the relief organizations currently working in the affected areas , as well as for the extensive reconstruction efforts that will follow .
PRAGUE -- Since the election of President Viktor Yanukovych in 2010 , Ukraine has experienced a significant and alarming deterioration in its democratic framework .
Salaries for all public servants , a majority of the national work force , were raised , as was the total number of public-sector jobs .
Ominously , the south is being taken over by hardcore Islamists , some allied with Al Qaeda . Throwing money around wo n't work in Yemen , which is too large and complex to be pacified .
The discovery could also work to prevent hereditary breast cancer cells from growing into tumors .
Based on a total of 27 principles , the Declaration reflects a moral and professional consensus among human rights and equality experts and is the product of more than a year 's work led by the United Kingdom-based Equal Rights Trust .
Some contended that absolute poverty differs from relative poverty , or asked what responsibility individuals have to raise themselves out of poverty through education and work ?
A new declaration was badly needed when we began work on it one year ago .
Meaningful action on climate change will not be seen until it is agreed within this broader framework .
But it would also give them considerably more to work with .
It is essential that they take place within structures and frameworks that encourage agreement by putting other major multilateral issues up for discussion .
According to non-government groups and other humanitarian workers , many North Korean children are showing signs of mental impairment as the lack of essential vitamins takes its toll .
This à la carte approach is how NATO has always worked .
The possibility that the Palestinians are capable of deliberate decisions , that they have adopted policies which may have contributed to the current situation , or that they have exercised their own forms of power and violence , is , in this framework , never admitted .
Countless laboratories are working on better , cheaper hydrogen production and storage methods , and on ways to bring down costs and boost fuel cell durability .
For the only time that long night , I addressed Karadzic directly , telling him that we worked only for President Bill Clinton and that he could call Carter if he wished but that we would leave and that the bombing would intensify .
Since the US can not get directly at amorphous terrorist networks themselves , it should exert pressure against governments that tolerate terrorists on their territory as well as those that directly sponsor it .
Feared and loathed by its neighbors , Saddam 's regime not only tolerates , but also actively sponsors , terrorism and is working furiously to produce weapons of mass destruction that can be used against Israel and the West .
This requires , first of all , cozying up with China and the autocratic Gulf states -- the main lenders to the US Treasury -- as well working with Iran and Russia to limit the costs of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
This disclosure raises interesting new questions because Dr Khan was peripheral to actual weapons-related work .
Year after year - -LRB- 2003 includinged 2003 , when the proliferation controversy was already red-hot - -RRB- Islamabad was festooned with colorful banners advertising workshops on `` Vibrations In Rapidly Rotating Machinery '' and `` Advanced Materials , '' sponsored by the Dr. A. Q. Khan Research Laboratories -LRB- also known as the Kahuta Research Laboratories -RRB- .
This is undoubtedly why the Pakistani government refused an Indian offer to send in helicopters for relief work in and around Muzaffarabad , the flattened capital of Pakistani-administered Kashmir .
We saw relief workers throw packets of food and clothes from the top of trucks , causing a riot .
I traveled with a university team into the same mountains for similar relief work .
This partnership of more than 100 institutions in over 50 countries has already conserved 10 % of the world 's wild plant species , and is working towards conserving 25 % , focusing on those that are rare , endangered , and useful .
Kew 's leading work in understanding and conserving plants around the world is hence a key pillar in the fight against biodiversity loss .
Kew 's recent work with the International Union for Conservation of Nature , London 's Natural History Museum , and the Zoological Society of London to create the Sample Red List Index -LRB- SRLI -RRB- for plants has revealed for the first time that one in five of the world 's plant species is threatened with extinction .
Programs to increase breastfeeding can be challenging in poor communities where mothers are typically engaged in agriculture and intensive work .
Likewise , anthropological work across a great range of societies clearly describes emotions of sadness that develop in response to frustration in love , humiliation by rivals , or the inability to achieve valued cultural goals .
Parents whose child is seriously ill , spouses who discover their partners ' extramarital affairs , or workers unexpectedly fired from valued jobs are defined as suffering mental disorders if they develop enough symptoms to meet the DSM criteria .
The most definitive examination of the scientific evidence is to be found in the work of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change -LRB- IPCC -RRB- and its last major report published in 2007 .
Indeed , the complicated networks of commercial relationships help shape the views of political groups , the media , bankers and contractors .
The paradox here is that the crisis presents a unique opportunity for the United States and China to strike a deal that would lay the groundwork for a global climate agreement .
Indeed , one of the main goals of the most recent biannual meeting of the US\/China Strategic Economic Dialogue -LRB- held the week before the climate talks began -RRB- was to begin work under the `` Ten Year Energy and Environment Cooperation Framework '' created earlier this year .
It suggests a framework for reducing emissions that respects the development needs of China 's households , addresses US firms ' competitiveness concerns , and adheres to the principle of `` common but differentiated responsibilities '' embedded in international negotiations .
If they work together , more progress can be made in tackling the world 's problems than if they see each global flashpoint as an opportunity to seek advantage at the other 's expense .
Margaret Thatcher worked with Jacques Delors to forge the Single Market in 1986 .
It should give member states the chance to develop an approach to Europe that suits their national traditions , within the EU framework .
Even more than in Albania , opportunities to develop the habits of compromise that make democratic politics workable are denied to the people .
Saudi women remain prohibited from driving cars , traveling on their own , and working or studying without the permission of a male relative .
Having received carte blanche from Qatar 's political leadership to support the Arab revolutions , Al Jazeera became fully engaged in live coverage of events in Tunisia , and then in Egypt , by relying on social-media networks away from the eyes of local security officials .
The channel canceled its regular programs , and was transformed into a round-the-clock workshop of live news and interviews , switching from one revolution to another .
Liu Liang may have been just a working-class kid , but there was wisdom in his words that there is still a `` silent majority '' who can affect the workings of China 's fragile society .
But if small units are well organized , they can greatly improve the well-being of society as a whole , bit by bit , by working at the micro level .
A half-century of working together , plus a decade and a half of adapting to new threats and demands , is paying off .
Iraqis can not become permanent residents , and they do not have work permits or access to public health services .
Few foreign journalists venture in -- it is too difficult and too dangerous for them to work inside the country -- and local reporters are harassed by the authorities .
One incident in southern Somalia vividly demonstrated how insecurity can hamper humanitarian work .
But during those four days , work at the local hospital -LRB- run by an international non-governmental organization -RRB- was impeded , as all staff from the perpetrator 's sub-clan stayed away from their jobs , lest they be targeted for a revenge killing .
Aid workers who have been in the country for a dozen years , especially from groups like my own IRC , must work with all parties to the conflict because civilians in need are everywhere .
So when aid workers are stopped at gunpoint and can not talk their way through , humanitarian agencies naturally turn to MONUC to guarantee access .
Humanitarian workers are not military strategists , so they can not judge what kind and what size of deployment of peacekeepers is adequate .
But the aid agencies that work on the ground have first-hand experience of the impact of peacekeepers ' presence , and we have the authority to say that protection of aid workers can be dangerously inadequate .
But when armed men stopped the convoy on the road , the Uruguayan peacekeepers from MONUC simply turned around and vanished , leaving the aid workers to their fate .
What followed were many hours of harassment , humiliation , threats with live hand grenades , shots fired at the feet of one of our colleagues , and looting and ransacking of the IRC premises . Finally , another group of MONUC peacekeepers -- this time from India -- came to the rescue and helped evacuate the aid workers on helicopters .
In addition to air-power , America 's government hopes to control its proxies by means of the Special Forces and ` advisors ' working on the ground .
Increasing government efficiency , reducing paperwork , and eliminating the temptations of corruption through innovative computerization would mean a smaller , leaner public sector .
In Indonesia , we used various innovations to work around such dilemmas .
Yes , we needed external assistance , but we never surrendered `` ownership '' of the reform process ; we made it work for us .
Several different teams of researchers need to see them `` work '' again and again using common rules .
Scientists themselves may be able to ascribe these levels of credibility to their own work in fairness , if they describe in detail what they set out to do , and how they did it .
Our society is awash with inflated information , which is inherent to efforts in many human activities -- entertainment , law courts , stock markets , politics , and sports , to name but a few -- to gain greater public attention in the framework of mass civilization .
But , even if the measures worked as supposed , the majority of trade defense measures are probably not directed against anti-competitive business practices .
This two pillar approach constitutes a framework for cross-checking indications from the shorter-term economic analysis with those from the longer-term monetary analysis in order to obtain a robust view about the risks to price stability .
In this highly uncertain environment , monetary policy decisions which did not rely on a solid framework could have been misguided . This posed a risk of substantial policy errors , which would have constituted a deadly blow on reputation , the most important capital of any central bank .
The fundamentals of the euro 's success are hard work , dedicated commitment to the common currency 's unique historical mission , and , not least , a well chosen monetary policy strategy .
Just as China has its `` Strategic Dialogue '' with the US , so Japan had the `` Structural Impediments Initiative '' -LRB- 1989-1990 -RRB- and `` Framework Talks '' -LRB- 1993-1995 -RRB- .
Although his presence dramatically fuelled the situation for a time , Brazilian diplomats , working with the US , were able to reach agreement with Honduran authorities to allow Manuel Zelaya to return to office .
And , as if this good news were not enough , Brazil 's giant state oil company , Petrobrás , is already at work developing two huge deep-water oil fields discovered in the sea off the coast of Rio de Janeiro .
Indeed , by managing the political process to make the government work for Brazil 's people , Lula 's administration has made Brazil a truly stable and consensual democracy .
The construction of a major egalitarian , free , and democratic society that respects and works with the international institutions is the best thing that Brazil can give to the world right now .
They are either unemployed or working as unskilled laborers in Bulgaria or in the black market abroad .
Today , I live and work in Brussels , where I lead an organization that advises the European Union and national governments on Roma-related policies .
I began working as a traveling salesman , selling goat 's milk , hens , roosters , and sheep .
The work of Michael Skinner and his colleagues provides a good example of this : they found that injecting pregnant rats with a chemical that suppresses androgens -LRB- male sex hormones -RRB- causes their descendants to have diseases that are inherited for several generations .
Zhao , who once worked for the government 's own product-safety watchdog and lived in the capital , saw an opportunity to help less well-positioned families .
For , if Mugabe can be let off the hook , will NEPAD 's peer review process ever work ?
Review work , it is hoped , will begin early in the new year .
The improving quality of life in all those countries shows that such reforms work .
On the left , the growing working class sought to use political power to change economic relations - to advance more progressive tax policies , or to stop the use of tariffs to protect the old order .
For their members , international competition is a major threat as imports or immigrants may cut the wages of less skilled workers .
Particular cases , such as the elimination of German meat processing and packing jobs , or casual workers in France , were widely discussed as evidence of a new threat .
First , there had already been a substantial flow of workers before enlargement .
Poles had worked in some agricultural jobs -- in sugar beet and wine harvesting -- even during the communist era .
Second , inflows of new workers bring substantial benefits as well as losses : in France , which suffers a shortage of some 6,000 plumbers , there must be plenty of households that would be pleased to find someone qualified to do repair work .
What makes the debate so passionate in 2005 is a new fear that did not exist in the 1980 's : that the new members have a different social model , in which workers ' rights and the welfare state will be eroded .
Many French writers also express a vivid feeling of national decline , and many ordinary citizens believe that the rules of the global economy work against French national interests .
Immense amounts of time were wasted in enterprises by informal requests for assistance , forcing knowledgeable workers to become computer gurus in order to aid their colleagues .
The debate about the contribution of religious values is parallel to the debate over the relationship of freedom to economic development -- a central issue in the work of the Nobel laureate economists Friedrich Hayek and Amartya Sen. It is clearly tempting for critics of authoritarian regimes to argue that freedom is good because it promotes economic growth .
As a result , an Internet browser -- and , indeed , other media software -- could be integrated into the Windows framework as an entire software package .
While the City of London was shaken by the collapse of Lehman Brothers and the run on HBOS , Sotheby 's staged a record-breaking auction for the works of the artist Damien Hirst , which produced a gross take of around $ 200 million .
Compared to the values that were being destroyed on Wall Street , this was small change ; but it was a remarkable vote of confidence in the work of one artist .
What did the sheets of cloth covered by regularly interspersed colored dots -- the products of Hirst 's large and mechanized workshops -- have to do with artistic innovation or originality ?
The bankers of the Italian Renaissance also bought works of art because they reminded them of timeless values that transcended quotidian transactions .
But widespread industrial unemployment pushed workers into new occupations , and underlined the importance of the skills and education that propelled the service economy of the late twentieth century .
As in previous economic transitions , those who work in the financial industry will try to produce convincing arguments that their business depends on the human touch .
To be sure , there were plenty of other nineteenth-century commentators who analyzed the creation of global networks .
But we do not see a new rush for the works of such figures as John Stuart Mill or Paul Leroy-Beaulieu .
The plenary meeting was paralyzed by the way in which the preparatory commissions had worked .
In contrast to a steam engine or an old-fashioned automobile , whose operations were easily comprehensible , modern automobiles or airplanes are so complicated that their operators have no idea how the technology they are using actually works .
This exercise looks like a dramatic repeat of the interwar story , when it was impossible to obtain consensus about policy and about mutually consistent policy frameworks .
Then , too , central banks were blamed when their policy framework -LRB- at that time the gold standard -RRB- disintegrated .
Banking is inherently competitive ; but at the same time , it is not an industry where competition ever worked very well .
The core of financial activity depends on reputation , information networks , and the ability to make markets as well as trade on them .
When things did not work out globally , a regional solution might be possible .
At the same time , there was a wage and price freeze , an end to the Federal Reserve 's swap network of support for other central banks , and a limitation of gold transactions , implying a reduction in the value of the American currency .
American producers and the US government complained that American workers were being priced out of jobs because the Yen and D-mark were being held at artificially low levels .
After all , the real lesson of the 1980 's is that exerting massive pressure for exchange-rate adjustment and looser monetary and fiscal policy wo n't work -- especially since China now , like Japan then , is already running substantial budget deficits .
Andrew Mellon , the United States Treasury Secretary at the time , talked about liquidating workers , farmers , stocks , and real estate in order `` to purge the rottenness out of the system . '' In Britain back then , Philip Snowden , a small man with a narrow , pinched face , who needed a cane to walk , seemed to want to remake the British economy in his physical image .
On the contrary , Hoover and other figures argued in a perfectly modern , Keynesian fashion that large-scale public-works programs were needed to pull the economy out of the trough .
A third problem with the conventional Keynesian interpretation is that the balanced-budget approach during the Great Depression did actually work .
In successive waves of painful crisis -- in Latin America in the 1980 's , and in East Asia after 1997 -- countries learned a better approach to economic policy and developed a more sustainable framework for managing public-sector debt .
Markets work by a process of continuous discovery of information .
The main anchor of central banks ' monetary policy over the past 20 years was an inflation-targeting framework that developed from academic interpretation of the problems involved in targeting monetary aggregates .
Without the preconditions that made the Brady Plan work , simply transplanting a debt write-off would only augment uncertainty and fuel the political revulsion that already threatens to undermine European integration .
The IMF 's history is also a guide to the kind of figure who works most productively in Washington .
The Murdoch experience is a microcosm of how modern globalization works .
While governments and central banks race frantically to find a solution , there is a profound psychological dynamic at work that stands in the way of an orderly debt workout : our aversion to recognizing obligations to strangers .
Such a system worked as long as events in one country did not have a negative impact on other borrowers and there was no systemic risk or systemic contagion .
Early modern Italian textile workers would find their pay in silver reduced , while their products still commanded a gold price on the international market for luxuries .
In this vision of how corporations work , the company that is n't globally dominant is an also-ran .
Large holders of sterling balances -- Nehru 's India , Nasser 's Egypt , and Peron 's Argentina -- all embarked on major nationalizations and a public sector spending spree : they built railways , dams , steel works .
Europeans may be more cheerful , believing that the Chinese market will open not only for European engineering products and machine tools to equip the new workshop of the world , but also for luxury goods and even the tourism demanded by a new and affluent Chinese middle class .
Thanks to German manufacturers , pianos were no longer restricted to aristocratic salons or the professional middle class , but began appearing in respectable working-class homes .
Because tuberculosis affects working-age people , it can be a trigger of household poverty .
The greatest successes in prevention involve what has been called `` combination prevention , '' involving simultaneous and substantial scaling up of multiple interventions , including condom distribution , treatment of sexually transmitted disease , male circumcision , and peer interventions among sex workers .
A group of non-governmental organizations -LRB- NGOs -RRB- in Russia that has run a harm-reduction effort with Global Fund money received assurances from the government that it would continue to bankroll the work once that money ran out .
A leftover Soviet distrust of outsiders colors many opinions , and there 's an oft-repeated claim that the culture is different : an intervention that works in the West might fail in the East .
There is also a suspicion that dirty capitalist pigs want to profit from the sale of opiate substitutes , regardless of whether they work .
This is as silly as contending that antiretroviral drugs wo n't work in the region , and that treating HIV is all a giant plot on the part of big pharmaceutical companies .
Harm reduction works everywhere , and the main financial benefactors are the countries themselves , which see reduced spread of HIV , drops in crime , and people returning to work .
In his seminal work on evolution , On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection , or the Preservation of Favored Races in the Struggle for Life , Charles Darwin used the much-cited expression `` survival of the fittest . ''
In his later work , Darwin introduced another selection criteria that may be just as important , but which has received much less attention : mating preference , or sexual selection .
Naturally , self-awareness of this underlying wish to be sexually attractive is not required . The mechanism works all the same .
But , in line with the logic of natural selection , to become sexually attractive , the scientist only has make sure that the results of his or her work are useless .
Indeed , US companies have been forced to pay tens of billions of dollars to ex-employees who worked with asbestos .
Standard aerial or satellite imaging techniques to measure the quantity of oil spilled do not work well .
Quitting works : even those who stop smoking in their 40 's lower their risk of death remarkably , and those who quit in their 30 's have death risks close to lifelong non-smokers .
In contrast to last year , when the rush home for the lunar New Year celebration was hampered by freak storms , this year millions of migrant workers have already returned to their rural homes .
While some of the plethora of anniversaries that China 's leaders must confront are potentially very destabilizing , several have , and will , work in their favor .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Just over a hundred years ago , the United States led the world in terms of rethinking how big business worked -- and when the power of such firms should be constrained .
If the eligibility age were to increase , responsibility for health care for many people would simply be dumped back onto their employers , resulting in higher health-care costs for all working people .
The new bonds could be known as Trichet or Merkel\/Sarkozy or Honohan bonds -- whatever works to build consensus .
But there is a broader Reagan-type reasoning at work here : unemployment is high , the economy is not growing fast enough , and we `` need a fiscal stimulus . '' For those who generally like lower taxes , of course , this , too , is wishful thinking .
The path-breaking work over many years of Carmen Reinhart , my colleague at the Peterson Institute in Washington , makes this very clear -- no country , including the US , escapes the deleterious consequences of persistent large fiscal deficits .
For example , from work that Acemoglu has done with David Autor -LRB- also at MIT -RRB- , we know that incomes for the top 10 % moved up sharply during the 1980 's .
But , while Fannie and Freddie jumped into dubious mortgages -LRB- particularly those known as Alt-A -RRB- and did some work with subprime lenders , this was relatively small stuff and late in the cycle -LRB- e.g. , 2004-2005 -RRB- .
Yet , in many ways , accumulating reserves worked better than anyone could have imagined -- countries found that they could withstand considerable shocks and growth was impressive both domestically and globally .
So , within a few years , many countries concluded that their pegs could work fine if supported by large enough war chests of official reserves .
So Greece -- and arguably the PIIGS more generally -- are left with the need to curtail demand massively , lower wages , and reduce the public-sector workforce .
Moreover , Greek public workers should expect massive pay cuts , which , in Greece 's poisonous political climate is a sure route to dangerous levels of civil strife and violence .
Unfortunately , the Obama administration 's proposed approach to ending `` too big to fail '' -- now taken up by the US Congress -- will not work .
Most notable has been the work of Senator Ted Kaufman , a Democrat from Delaware -LRB- yes , a pro-business state -RRB- , who has pressed tirelessly to fix the most egregious problems in the US financial sector .
With Senators Patrick Leahy and Chuck Grassley , Kaufman worked last year to pass a bill providing timely resources to federal law enforcement agencies working on recent financial fraud .
And it worked -- in the sense that we are now experiencing an economic recovery , albeit one with a disappointingly slow employment rebound in the US and some European countries .
Alternatively , the number of working years required to qualify for a full retirement benefit can be increased .
Recent studies show that financial incentives to promote earlier retirement are sometimes powerful , so much so that continuing to work becomes a prohibitively expensive .
The implicit tax from working another year and forgoing pension benefits can sometimes be close to a person 's net earnings during that year .
Many European governments used compulsory early retirement to push down the unemployment rate , effectively reducing the number of applicants for any given job by ridding the labor market of older , more expensive workers .
Such policies also facilitated structural change , as older workers often lack the skills required in emerging economic sectors .
The hard work of building facilities for enriching uranium is precisely what the Iranians are now already doing , if not yet in sufficient quantity to make a bomb , which might take them five or ten more years to acquire .
Yet it is work on the easy steps , allegedly attempted and then canceled , that the NIE called Iran 's `` nuclear weapon program . ''
Simply copying American , British , or other Western policies and institutions will not work .
I accept that the most powerful anti-poverty program is economic growth , but it works only if and when it is accompanied by distributive justice .
As cities continue to grow and spread across the world , reducing energy consumption and improving our quality of life require us to ensure that their inhabitants can travel relatively short distances to work
The mini-bus taxis developed in response to severe shortcomings in the country 's public transport system , one characterized by high prices , low-quality service , and a chaotic operating network , but they operate entirely outside of formal laws and regulations .
What makes the industry work is a commonly agreed informal business `` culture '' that is flexible , innovative , and keeps operating costs down .
For example , forced solidarity will oblige any hard-working farmer in Benin who has accumulated some wealth over the years to share the fruit of his labor with his enlarged family , including distant relatives .
In these cases , women are often the victims . They might be excluded from participation in informal networks , or have limited influence in appropriating the accrued benefits of collective action .
As part of the work on regional infrastructure , the Bank has developed a short-term action plan .
In addition , work has also started in preparing a medium to long-term action plan in close collaboration with the regional economic communities and in cooperation with the World Bank and the European Union .
But North Africa must also work on regional economic integration in order to boost the effectiveness of national policies .
A Clockwork Chemistry
A Clockwork Chemistry OXFORD -- In Anthony Burgess 's novella -LRB- and Stanley Kubrick 's film -RRB- A Clockwork Orange , Alex , an unrepentant psychopath , has his eyes pried wide open and is forced to watch violent images .
Over the past decade , an army of psychologists , neuroscientists , and evolutionary biologists has been busy trying to uncover the neural `` clockwork '' that underlies human morality .
And to understand how something works is also to begin to see ways to modify and even control it .
A Clockwork Orange was accused of glorifying violence , and some of its scenes are still hard to watch .
But the bullets and clubs unleashed on Buddhist monks have worked . The monks have retreated , and an eerie normalcy has returned to Yangon -LRB- Rangoon -RRB- , Myanmar 's principal city and former capital .
India , which `` normalized '' bilateral relations a few years ago , is reluctant to alienate Myanmar 's military , with which it has worked closely to counter rebels in India 's northeast who had been using the common border to tactical advantage .
The argument to India was essentially this : You need us to realize your ambition to become a major world power , and we share a concern over China 's rise and Islamist terrorism , so let 's work together .
In his famous speech on India 's `` tryst with destiny , '' Nehru promised Indians that his government would seek to `` bring freedom and opportunity to the common man , to the peasants and workers of India ; to fight and end poverty and ignorance and disease ; ... to ensure justice and fullness of life to every man and woman . ''
The question is whether Japan 's Self-Defense Forces work alongside America and the world in defense of world peace now , or eventually do so alone in defense of Japan .
Such practical proposals address key global issues , including international terrorism , strengthening of mechanisms for arms control , arms reduction , and non-proliferation , efforts to contain attempts by North Korea and Iran to develop nuclear weapons , encouraging transparency in China 's military , restraining Russia 's imperial ambitions , and building a global ballistic missile defense network against missiles that could be launched by rogue regimes .
The SCO provides China not only with a platform to confront the existing US-led alliance in the Asia-Pacific region , but is increasingly being used to prevent the formation of a US-led network to restrain China 's advance .
As in Asia , there is a pattern at work : growing Chinese influence begets increased support for Chinese policies .
But , with China 's military build-up causing nervousness everywhere , many governments in the region are starting to work with outside powers .
At a time of regional uncertainty about Chinese policies -- including the looming prospect of China 's first aircraft carrier -- Japan 's participation in the evolving Asian security framework is fundamental to stability .
Millions of families will be divided , and millions of people who work on the other side of the border may lose their jobs .
The few accords reached at the summit , although welcome , are not as significant as the impression that the summit created that world leaders are ready to work together to confront nuclear proliferation .
Yet it has worked , preventing catastrophic wars while making people more civilized and cautious .
After all , it worked successfully for decades : the unprecedented geostrategic , military , and ideological confrontation of the Cold War never escalated into open , head-to-head warfare .
If we can all work together -- Afghanistan , Pakistan , India , the United States , and our allies -- I see a possibility of moving beyond the days when a government thinks it needs extremism as an instrument of policy .
He has a son who works in the Afghan Foreign Office .
Let him live here , let him work here , let him be an Afghan . '' He said , `` Yes , but will he have a future ? ''
Systematic sexual violence became visible in Burma when the Shan Women 's Action Network -LRB- SWAN -RRB- and the Shan Human Rights Foundation -LRB- SHRF -RRB- published Licence to Rape , which documents 625 cases of rape committed by the military in eastern Burma between 1996 and 2001 .
There is a growing body of alternative ideas in this area -- including work by the Nobel laureates Joseph Stiglitz and Paul Krugman -- which the IMF and the World Bank should consider .
We can measure the discrepancy between what we think we know and what we actually know by simply asking people , after they have given their initial ratings , to tell us how some things work in as much detail as they can and then to rate their knowledge again in light of their attempt to explain .
We can be appropriately modest about our knowledge of other things , but not so about our ability to explain the workings of the world .
One can understand how a computer `` works '' in terms of the high-level functions of the mouse , the hard drive , and the display while not having any understanding of the mechanisms that enable a cursor to move when a mouse is moved , or allow information to be stored and erased , or control pixels on a screen .
The more parts you can see , the more you think you know how those parts actually work .
They have branched out into new lines of work and social engagement , as inventors , entrepreneurs , and bloggers .
The concept of a decentralized religious establishment is difficult for Westerners to understand , given the highly structured administrative framework of Christian churches and ecclesiastical orders .
The Iranian regime then consolidated its mastery of the Shiite network in the Middle East , and now uses this control to further its own interests .
Iraq 's leading Shiite cleric , Ayatollah Ali Sistani , has not been able to act independently and has avoided opposing Iranian policies toward Iraq in order to protect his fragile network of institutions .
One American politician who understands how to work with the Iranian power structure is former Congressman Lee Hamilton , now head of the Woodrow Wilson Center .
If not , these forces will work to undermine the state .
Moreover , Ahmadinejad knows that , without Khamenei 's restraint , the clerics would use their political networks among conservatives like the Larijani brothers to limit the president further .
Both men are hard at work preparing for the March 2012 parliamentary election , as well as the 2013 presidential election , and Khamenei has taken off the gloves .
For that plan to work , Ahmadinejad needs to survive through the next parliamentary election in March 2012 and the presidential election in June 2013 , despite Khamenei 's determination to marginalize him .
Fortunately , the people of Pakistan -- students , opinion makers , and , above all , lawyers -- are standing up for the judges , doing the work that should have been done by political parties .
This effort is part of then Indian President A. P. J. Abdul Kalam 's ambitious pan-African e-Network project to link all 53 African capitals to tertiary care facilities across India .
Cynics say that India 's e-Network is currying favor with Africa in exchange for natural resources . Perhaps .
Olam was started by Indians in Nigeria and remains a world-beating trader in cotton , coffee , cashews and the like . To succeed , Olam has had to work `` up-country '' - -- a euphemism for difficult conditions far from comfortable port cities -- requiring it to rely on Indians ' familiarity with , and willingness to work in , Africa 's interior .
But it would not have worked without the crucial role played by competition .
This type of disruptive innovation usually comes from entrepreneurs . But entrepreneurs face daunting barriers , such as inadequate logistics , lack of consumer financing , poorly trained workers , consumer distrust of new technologies , high-cost marketing channels , backlash from existing merchants or moneylenders , and under-developed regulation .
Moreover , an appropriate consumer-protection code and a nationwide regulatory framework are still lacking .
The lesson is that markets simply can not work without accompanying public goods and high-quality government supervision .
Although impact investors can lay the groundwork for commercial investors , they must also work in unison with government authorities to ensure well-functioning market systems .
Everyone , to some degree , has nostalgia for the past , some bleary idea of how the past can -LRB- rather than can not -RRB- work in the future .
Of course , many hope that someone will explain to Chubais that national marketization works best when supported by functioning social institutions and a social safety net .
They would refuse to work with Korolev .
As my father saw it , you could order scientists and engineers to work together , but you could n't force them to create something .
In the end , my father told the Nobel committee that all of the Soviet people had distinguished themselves in the work on Sputnik , and that they all deserved the award .
Technically , Glushko , by government order , continued to design engines for Korolev , but the work was n't good .
After all , conventional deterrence still works .
After the independent TV network Rustavi-2 -- which criticizes Georgia 's president regularly -- was raided in late October by heavily armed Ministry of Internal Security -LRB- MVD -RRB- police , parliament called for the resignations of the MVD 's head as well as that of the Procurator General .
This time , however , his threats of resignation are not working .
Of course , the elite works behind the scenes to retard Putin 's efforts , which is one reason why his ideas for military reform have gone almost nowhere under Sergei Ivanov 's direction .
Kim seemed to reason that , while Russia was no longer Soviet , it retained enough socialist overtones to work with his country .
Relatives can work at jobs which it would be improper or inconvenient for the family 's head to be seen doing himself .
He worked to strengthen and modernize Russia 's armed forces while avoiding armed conflict .
The son of a poor building worker , he had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk -LRB- now Yekaterinburg -RRB- in the Urals .
Like most Russians , he wanted the material advantages of capitalism , but had little respect or understanding for the rule of law and dispersion of power , which makes capitalist institutions work .
The economic orthodoxy pursued after the collapse of 1998 laid the groundwork for today 's sustained Russian boom .
Of course , as he put it , Russia will have to elect as president a `` decent , competent , effective , modern person with whom it would be possible to work in tandem . ''
What will make this work is that , like any good KGB man , Putin is a master of facades .
Like other democratic leaders , he might consider working in the private-sector , like Gerhard Schröder , or , better yet , write books and help Tsunami victims , like Bill Clinton or become an environmentalist , like Mikhail Gorbachev .
But will he be a force in keeping with the liberating vistas of his greatest works ?
Under Khrushchev , however , Solzhenitsyn 's work was used to liberate the country from the grip of Stalinism .
And from what I know of the man and his history , particularly his work in Hungary after 1989 , I can only wish that my great-grandfather could have met him .
About 30 % of the Kremlin elite used to work with the secret services or still do , and an astounding 80 % are associated with either the Russian or Soviet-era military-industrial complex .
You have to work the phones , cajole world leaders to do this or that .
Maybe it works , maybe not .
I have spent hundreds of hours working behind closed doors with various parties to the conflict -- Sudan 's Government , rebel leaders , neighbouring countries , and African Union partners .
The Greek Cypriot leader , Demetris Christofias , and his Turkish Cypriot counterpart , Mehmet Ali Talat , are working hard to reach an agreement .
They may struggle to find proper nutrition and work long hours in factories and fields until the day they go into labor .
Approximately 30,000 community health workers and volunteers are also needed to help staff an estimated 15,000 oral re-hydration points .
All must work together -- in common cause for common solutions -- to address challenges like climate change , poverty , and nuclear disarmament .
Let us work , instead , to build on many smaller advances , wherever we can make them -- by mobilizing support , creating broad alliances , building coalitions , and taking into account a web of moving parts and complex issues -- because that will set the stage for the eventual breakthroughs of tomorrow .
That is why G-20 leaders accept the need to work closely with the UN -- after all , no organization does development better .
The G-20 and the UN are finding new ways to work constructively together -- not as rivals , but as increasingly close partners .
There was a brief glimmer of hope in 2009 , when the sense of paralysis led the Conference to consensus on a program of work .
Last September , I convened a high-level meeting at the UN to consider ways to revitalize the CD 's work and to advance multilateral disarmament negotiations .
Just one or two countries should not be able to block the organization 's work indefinitely .
Prevention as a framework for international cooperation is a second opportunity .
Last but not least is the imperative of working with and for women and young people .
And now all of our work -- financing for development , social spending in rich nations and poor , the Millennium Development Goals , peacekeeping -- is endangered by the global financial crisis .
The foundation of all the UN 's work is accountability .
Thanks to decades of hard work and sacrifice by millions of Koreans , the Republic of Korea rose from desperate poverty to prosperity in less than a half-century .
Every day , I work to help end the extreme poverty that traps nearly a billion of the world 's people .
I saw a community health worker using a smart phone to manage malaria treatment within a household .
The worker used a low-cost diagnostic kit to confirm the malaria diagnosis , circumventing the need for a microscope and laboratory ; a smart phone to key in the test results and receive advice from an `` expert system '' designed by public-health specialists ; and state-of-the-art combination drug therapy to cure the illness .
More than two million people in the advanced industrial nations today find work in renewable energy .
With the right policies and a global framework , we can generate economic growth and steer it in a low-carbon direction .
They could agree on a framework of separate , mutually reinforcing instruments . Or they could consider negotiating a nuclear-weapons convention , backed by a strong verification system , as has long been proposed at the UN .
We took an important step in early December in Poznan , Poland , where climate ministers and experts met to hammer out a work plan toward the future .
The emergency G-20 summit in Washington in November showed that governments are working together to coordinate policies .
Though the UN has been working on disarmament since 1946 , two treaties negotiated under UN auspices are now commanding the world 's attention .
They take fewer days off work .
It is claimed that government , working together with business , will create `` a new energy economy , '' that the businesses involved will profit , and that everyone will be better off .
This does not auger well either for growth or for working our way out of today 's crisis .
None of the new EU member-states have concrete plans or financing mechanisms to develop networks of community-based alternatives on a national scale .
But , aside from skilled nursing , rehabilitation efforts by occupational and physical therapists , and the practical assistance of social workers and home health aides , care-giving , especially for victims of health catastrophes and end-stage conditions , has relatively little to do with the contemporary practice of medicine .
But our emotional reactions , from frustration and anger to sadness , have been cushioned and sublimated by our work , the long rhythm of our days together , and , above all , by the support of family and close friends .
In the broader system of healthcare , students can readily discern that medicine largely leaves the practical and emotional tasks of care-giving to nurses , social workers , and the patient and his or her network of support .
The structure of service delivery and the funding of health services work to discourage professionals from the art of care-giving , and can , in fact , undermine the practitioner 's efforts .
For medical anthropologists , people everywhere live in the flow of interpersonal interactions in local worlds -- social networks , families , institutions , and communities .
Instead of focusing on treatment that works , the Polish government chooses to give priority to long-term rehabilitation centers located in the depths of the countryside that have little , if anything , to do with evidence-based medicine .
Corruption is rampant , and most companies are often forced to work with government-picked partners , over whom control is severely limited .
But should opposing the LDP really mean undoing 50 years of work on national security ?
Other countries might worry about the health risk to workers in rare-earth processing , but that does not appear to be true of China .
Membership of the World Trade Organization has helped to bind China to highly sophisticated pan-Asian production networks .
The test of China 's intentions is whether its growing economic and , yes , military capacities will be used to seek to establish Asian hegemony by working to exclude America from the region and preventing regional partnerships from flourishing .
Of course , the inner workings of Kim 's regime are shrouded in mystery , not only to the outside world , but also to most of North Korea 's government .
But , in working towards recovery , Japan has a great advantage .
When implementing forced blackouts in the region , for example , there were few major traffic accidents , even though traffic lights had stopped working .
It emphasized the importance of sharing information about nuclear safety , and incorporated specific measures , including the creation of a framework for rapid notification in the event of an emergency and exchanges of experts to assist in managing future nuclear crises and ensuring that regional concerns are taken into account .
Ma had been tilting his government 's policies increasingly toward China , concluding a bilateral framework agreement on economic cooperation .
Although Chen 's government , under pressure from the opposition Kuomintang , later restarted work on the plant , design revisions have repeatedly delayed its completion .
Gates promised to increase the number of US warships deployed to Singapore as part of the US-Singapore Strategic Framework Agreement ; increase the number of US Navy calls in Asian ports ; hold more joint naval exercises ; and improve multilateral military cooperation .
What happens in Afghanistan as America begins to draw down its troops will test the willingness of all of Asia 's powers to work together to build a secure regional order .
Currently , Maruti Suzuki India Limited has more than 4,000 employees and a nationwide sales network of 337 dealers with 8,600 salespersons .
At the Hawaii summit , Obama must orchestrate the first steps toward constructing an effective multilateral framework within which the complications posed by China 's rise can be addressed .
Today , more than 6,000 North Koreans work in Iran and neighboring areas of the Middle East . Many are engaged in construction and the apparel business as low-wage workers .
But in Iran and Syria , there are also a growing number of specialist workers .
Some of these workers are directed by North Korea 's embassy in Teheran , which is primarily concerned with acting as a Party watchdog over fellow citizens stationed in Iran . North Korean diplomatic attaches are required to conduct weekly and monthly self-criticism sessions .
This is how it works : the Second Economic Committee , which is under the command of the Party 's central leadership , manufactures missiles with the help of North Korea 's Second Academy of Natural Sciences .
TOKYO -- On May 1 , the Shanghai Expo began , illuminated by a huge fireworks display . The festivities will continue until the end of October .
By shattering that coalition , Hatoyama destroyed the governing majority Ozawa had worked so cunningly to construct .
The rest of Asia might be content to sit back and watch the spectacle of Japan 's myopic politics if Japan 's inability to work to help stabilize the region did not matter so much .
As a former finance minister , deputy prime minister , and the product of a grass-roots civil-society movement , Prime Minister Kan has his work cut out for him , particularly as it is rumored that Ozawa intends to topple him in the autumn .
But in August 2008 , the Communist Party Central Committee declared that `` the work of foreign affairs should uphold economic construction at its core . ''
Such a strategy means focusing more attention on ordinary Afghans , gradually expanding NATO 's security presence outward from population centers , and working hand-in-glove with state and local authorities .
This worked for three decades , but now the link is weakening .
As long as US policy supported stable prices in world markets , the system worked well , notwithstanding the asymmetry and built-in conflict over the control of monetary policy .
The public seems to be saying to the on-their-way-out leaders of the Franco-German alliance : Stop the excuses , and start getting our economies working again .
More than the usual `` blame game '' is at work here .
This means that the unemployed ca n't find jobs -LRB- even though there is useful work for them to do -RRB- , and that workers who have jobs will not move to potentially better ones .
Their strategy worked .
Without fanfare , German workers accepted longer hours without increases in pay .
This strategy -- which worked well for decades -- always carried the risk that at some point America 's resources might be tied up elsewhere , leaving Europe under-protected .
So Trichet should relax , stop threatening others , and let the economic slowdown do the work for him .
A decent settlement with public-sector workers could give Germany a `` backdoor '' fiscal stimulus just at the right moment -- when aggregate demand is flagging .
Contracts with the metal and chemical workers also are coming up for negotiation this year in Germany , and union leaders are talking tough .
But the global slowdown , which takes the fangs out of the strike threat , will keep private-sector workers in line no matter how much their leaders may rant and rave .
A disc jockey in his youth , he later worked in some international financial institutions , where he spied for the communists , something he openly admits .
So , when they took power in 1990 , they were honest enough to say that the `` spontaneous order '' advocated by their hero Friedrich von Hayek would not work because reform needed to be pushed from above .
Most people in most societies feel something mystical about rural land and the people who work it .
As 38 % of Poland 's people live in villages or work on farms , this poses a serious political problem .
After Leo XIII stated for the first time -- in the famous encyclical Rerum Novarum in 1891 -- that there are such people as workers and that there are serious social problems , Pius XI , in another encyclical in 1931 , Quadrogesimo Anno , tried to show which economic approach is in keeping with the faith .
An opening for talks between Serbia and Kosovo was created by a joint European Union-Serbia resolution at the United Nations , which sets out a framework for dialogue .
But there is a risk that developing countries , already burdened by dealing with numerous donors , will face an even greater fragmentation of aid efforts . New donors can lessen the load on the world 's poorest and increase effectiveness by working together through multilateral channels .
To sustain its vital role , it is working with its shareholders to strengthen its capital base . A well-capitalized World Bank leverages all its shareholders ' investments by pooling them and then raising five times the capital by borrowing in financial markets .
Rather , the new financial architecture that many are calling for , and which is urgently needed , must be supported by an ethical framework .
So what should this ethical framework entail ? A paragraph of the Declaration toward a Global Ethic of the Parliament of the World 's Religions in Chicago in 1993 reads as follows :
Of course , Obama is not the Messiah ; he can not work miracles .
But he is in a position to define an ethical framework for the rebuilding global economy .
But it is certain that he has recognized the ethical dimension of the current economic crisis : `` It amounts to one of values : do we assign a value only to wealth or the work which creates it ? ''
In response , US President Barack Obama 's administration has been working through the United Nations Security Council to impose tougher economic sanctions . Nonetheless , Iran edges toward mastering the process of enriching uranium to weapons-grade purity .
Ahmadinejad himself , after all , late last year voiced enthusiasm for a Western proposal to break the logjam by exporting Iran 's uranium for processing abroad , only to reverse course soon thereafter . Then last month , he reversed course again , working with Brazil and Turkey to craft a watered-down version of the original proposal .
The hudna worked out between militant Palestinian groups and the Palestinian Authority -LRB- with the knowledge of the Americans -RRB- clearly lacked a major component : Israel 's assent to the agreement .
Palestinians ' access to Egypt was restricted , and much of Gaza 's largely unskilled workforce was dependent on the UN Relief Works Administration , which built and maintained the local refugee camps .
By contrast , 70 % of the Gaza population comprised refugees , who lived in difficult conditions in scores of refugee camps and were largely dependent on work in Israel .
Sheikh Ahmad Yasin , a paraplegic refugee from the village of Jora -LRB- now on Israel 's southern coast -RRB- , worked quietly to build a grass-root movement with the tacit assent of the Israeli army , which sought to encourage an alternative to the PLO .
The number of Gazan workers in Israel was reduced to a few hundred , and rising unemployment and poverty empowered armed factions , gangs , and warlords -- a development that intensified after Hamas 's electoral victory in 2006 , which resulted in an international siege that cut off public servants ' salaries overnight .
Those with a university education left to work in either the West Bank or the Gulf States , while Gaza 's armed groups became a magnet for most young people -- the only job they understood and which gave them power .
The international community must act quickly to force the Israelis to abandon its deterrence strategy and instead work on reaching an understanding that can result in a cessation of attacks by both sides .
Only such an understanding can permit a start to the groundwork needed for a political resolution that can permanently end both the siege of Gaza and the occupation of Palestinian lands .
Consumed with legitimate anger , Palestinians and Arabs failed to come up with a serious approach to reach out to Israelis and failed to devise a workable political strategy that would address Palestinian daily needs and national aspirations .
Its leading journalists are Western-trained , many having worked for years at the BBC .
A major university department of journalism working with Arab media critics , for example , could provide a much more honest analysis of the station 's work .
By focusing on the need to reach agreements on borders within a short time period , Palestinians are saying that they do not see any need to negotiate gradual steps , preferring to agree on the final settlement first and then work back on issues of implementation .
Arab countries , especially Egypt , had hundreds of thousands of their nationals working in Libya .
The Gulf countries , which have no citizens working in Libya , were the first to denounce Qaddafi .
Indeed , the task that Abbas faces will become impossible if the Israeli policy of `` targeted killings '' is allowed to continue while Palestinian leaders are working seriously to put an end to acts of violence against Israelis .
What is clear is that Hamas and the Palestinians want an end to the 38-year Israeli occupation , and that selling Palestinians the same plans that were sold to the PLO will not work .
They need to work together through negotiations to solve problems that simply can not and should not be solved by brute force .
There is still a newfound opportunity to improve governance , but only Anwar has the experience to provide that direction , because no one else in the opposition has worked in government at such a senior level as he has .
Even accounting for the costs to short-term losers -LRB- say , particular industries or workers with certain skills -RRB- , the overall long-term benefits can be large .
On our side it will mean doing our homework so as to be prepared for membership . As part of the Alliance , the Baltic nations will provide living proof that NATO is not about war and aggression , but about peace , democracy and stability .
At the same time , room has been made for Gamal to build a public profile of his own through his senior role in the ruling party , and a constitutional framework has been put in place that will allow him to be elected in multi-candidate elections , thus establishing a façade of republican legitimacy .
The World Bank Group , together with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime , is working on the Stolen Asset Recovery -LRB- StAR -RRB- initiative to go after corrupt gains and help spur action to return looted assets to their legitimate owners : the people in the affected developing country .
But not all G-20 countries have yet ratified UNCAC -- the United Nations Convention against Corruption -- which provides a framework for countries to develop their own laws to stamp out the use of safe havens for criminals stealing from the developing world .
Like China and unlike Japan , India resisted changes in its ancient beliefs about the way the world works -LRB- and should work -RRB- which modernization entails . Instead , like many Islamic countries today , India wrongly believed Gandhi 's doctrine that modernization necessarily means Westernization .
The UN Environment Program -LRB- UNEP -RRB- is embarked on a misguided campaign to ban the pesticide DDT under its Persistent Organic Pollutants -LRB- POPs -RRB- Framework Convention .
Some of the work was meticulous and commendable .
In Brazil , Chile and Uruguay , social democracy is proving that it can work .
A labor policy favorable to workers and unions revived Wage Councils for setting pay .
First , US officials did not lay the political and psychological groundwork for deployment .
Such a move would put Ukraine 's strategic network of gas pipelines under direct Russian control , and , as Tymoshenko , now the opposition leader , has noted , would be tantamount to the `` full absorption of Ukraine by Russia . ''
These can and must be changed before it will be possible to expand opportunities for everyone in Bolivia to become a dignified citizen , a respected worker , and a satisfied consumer .
Thus , despite official speeches intended to support state intervention , Morales 's government benefits mainly from the workings of the market .
A long strike by public transport workers was followed by another , just as long , staged by the Central Obrera -LRB- Bolivia 's trade union federation -RRB- and state employees .
The transport workers wanted a pay increase , following a multi-year wage freeze , while other workers want higher salaries to compensate for inflation , which is higher in Bolivia than the Latin American average , while economic growth is lower .
But the workers , having seen what Morales-style management is like , refused , preferring to remain in the private sector .
How does something work ?
Teachers -LRB- including those in mathematics -RRB- should meet regularly to plot the evolution of their courses , their essential coherence , and the inclusion of stories that illustrate how science works .
Recent work has made the causal link between the sun and skin cancer at the molecular and cellular level .
The dearth of pale actors , actresses , corporate leaders , and politicians confirms that a tan is identified with health , wealth , and power , rather than the travails of the working class , as in the past .
In this framework , the old G-7 \/ 8 can no longer function as a hegemonic center , but rather as a kind of broker and preparatory body .
Despite efforts to build a Fortress Europe , over a million foreigners bypass its defences every year ; some enter covertly , but most just overstay their visas and work illicitly .
In addition , there is rising mistrust of politicians who can not fulfill promises to halt immigration , accompanied by perceptions of immigrants as law-breakers rather than enterprising people , and mistreatment of refugees aimed at deterring people who want to work from applying for asylum .
Immigrants are not an invading army ; they are mostly people seeking a better life who are drawn to Europe by the huge demand for workers to fill the low-end jobs that our aging and increasingly wealthy societies rely on , but which our increasingly well-educated and comfortable citizens are unwilling to take .
Many services can not readily be mechanized or imported -- old people can not be cared for by a robot or from abroad -- while people increasingly pay others to perform tasks that they once did themselves , freeing up their own time for more productive work or leisure .
Since young Europeans would rather work in a shop than a retirement home , persuading them otherwise would require a huge wage hike .
Immigrants , however , face a different set of alternatives ; with wages in Brussels far higher than in Manila , for example , Filipino immigrants are generally happy to do such work .
Indeed , just as it is often mutually beneficial to import computers from China , IT services from India , and investment-banking services from Americans , it can also make sense to import Filipino care workers , Congolese cleaners , and Brazilian bar staff .
This is also because immigrants often complement native workers ' efforts .
If open borders are not politically feasible for now , our leaders should at least create a legal route for people from developing countries to enter and work .
Advocates of a more open policy argue that populations are aging and workforces are diminishing , so greater immigration is needed to sustain high living standards .
Thirty percent of its population of 230 million is below age 15 , so Indonesia 's economy needs to grow at 8 % simply to absorb the new workers .
If properly managed , the economic benefits will be significant both for the developing world -LRB- higher remittances , but also greater opportunities for learning and experience -RRB- and rich countries -LRB- a younger , dynamic , and often entrepreneurial workforce -RRB- .
If Japan 's economy were a computer , it would have a hard disk full of obsolescent programs and a `` delete '' button that does n't work .
Not only is foreign capital conspicuously absent , but so are foreign managers , workers , intellectuals , and ideas .
With the consent of both the US and Iraq 's new leadership , EU governments should also offer to organize an international conference uniting all those with a stake in Iraqi stability , including Iraq 's neighbors , to work out a strategy and commit resources in order to save Iraq from slipping into protracted turmoil .
Europeans need to recognize that strength lies in unity , and that Europe 's integration can not be guaranteed without a common constitutional framework that promotes a common identity .
In Ukraine and Moldova , the Kremlin has worked hard , with some success , to blunt the appeal of Europe .
The last few years demonstrate that neither approach will work .
After all , we all want to think that hard work always pays off .
But working conditions can also trigger or accelerate the symptoms of ill health - physical and mental - that feed back into our productivity and earning capacity , as well as into our social and family relationships .
Of the EU 's 160 million-strong labor force , 56 % report working at very high speeds , and 60 % to tight deadlines .
This probably contributes to a host of health-related problems : 15 % of the workforce complain of headaches , 33 % of backache , 23 % of fatigue , and 23 % of neck and shoulder pains , plus a host of other illnesses , including life-threatening ones .
Sustained work-related stress is also an important determinant of depressive disorders - the fourth-largest cause of disease world-wide .
Moreover , sustained work-related stress is likely to contribute to ` metabolic syndrome , ' a cluster of pathogenic mechanisms characterised by an accumulation of abdominal fat , a decrease in sensitivity to insulin , increased levels of cholesterol , and heightened blood pressure , all related to the onset of heart disease and diabetes .
Of course , working conditions may be experienced as threatening even when objectively they are not , or trivial symptoms may be interpreted as manifestations of serious illness .
To identify , prevent , and counteract the causes and consequences of work-related stress , we need to monitor job content , working conditions , terms of employment , social relations at work , health , well-being and productivity .
The first step is to identify the incidence , prevalence , severity , and trends of work-related stress and its causes and health consequences .
Are such changes acceptable to workers and employers ?
Although it is likely , the short - and long-term outcomes of such changes may not always suffice in the fight against work-related stress .
The challenge to workers , employers , governments , and communities is to translate what we now know into coordinated and sustainable programs .
He was no longer able to work , travel , choose his place of residence , buy or sell property , or even marry .
Russian lawmakers should follow the lead of the ECHR decision and work to create in Russian law and practice alternative mechanisms such as advance directives , powers of attorney , and supported decision-making .
Multinational companies were a driving force in Eastern Europe 's postcommunist transition , bringing new skills , technology , training , and better working conditions .
They saved the banking systems , modernized telecommunications networks , rebuilt ailing industries , raised the quality of goods , and undermined the cozy vested interests that had robbed ordinary citizens for decades .
According to one view , Eastern Europe was uniquely positioned to benefit from multinational companies : its workforce was well educated , especially in engineering and sciences , and was thus able to avoid the classic `` low-skills , low-wage '' trap .
Ensuring high-quality output and local consumers ' loyalty requires keeping their workforces happy and maintaining a positive public image .
By contrast , African countries often see the worst sides of multinationals : energy , mineral , and precious metal companies go where resources are , not where it 's pleasant to work .
Sensible macroeconomic policies , coupled with non-violent resolution of political or racial conflicts , as in , say , Namibia , Botswana , or South Africa , can set the groundwork for highly constructive partnerships .
The Ministry of Trade and Industry established a sensible incentive scheme for export-oriented investment and a black empowerment program that encourages investors to help the previously neglected workforce .
In 2004 , Smicor promised to establish the higher-value diamond-cutting business that the government craves , and has since recruited and trained 400 workers in a new plant in the capital , Windhoek .
Development groups , governments , consumers , and small entrepreneurs need only work out initiatives that embody their common interests with global firms .
Owing to the ongoing operations in Iraq and Afghanistan , any future British government will inherit a military that is overstretched , undermanned , and working with worn-out equipment .
For NATO to work properly , its members must be prepared not only to supply troops and equipment for NATO-led military operations , but also to fund and sustain these operations until missions are completed .
With a population of 1.3 billion , China has no lack of people with leadership potential , and I believe that more and more of this talent is situated outside the Party bureaucracy in NGOs , startup enterprises , philanthropy , and even missionary work .
But nowadays , such writers are hard to find , and their work is received by readers with mockery and sarcasm .
I recently met an official working for a provincial Department of Propaganda and was impressed by his bold and straightforward comments on current affairs .
Indeed , Western works are taught as `` models for writing '' to journalism students in China 's universities .
If the Lisbon treaty is to be respected , solidarity must be viewed as a political tool for moving towards a European defense policy that works for the common good .
The EU could work towards a common arms-export policy by seeking a shared understanding of the predictability and stability of third-party countries .
According to the International Labor Organization , continued labor-market deterioration in 2009 may lead to an estimated increase in global unemployment of 39-61 million workers relative to 2007 .
Policy discussions at many high-level summits sought to strengthen other features of industrial policy , including public financing of airports , highways , ports , electricity grids , telecommunications , and other infrastructure , improvements in institutional effectiveness , an emphasis on education and skills , and a clearer legal framework .
For developing countries , Célestin Monga and I have recently developed an approach -- called the growth identification and facilitation framework -- that can help developing-country governments increase the probability of success in supporting new industries .
This framework suggests that policymakers identify tradable industries that have performed well in growing countries with similar resources and skills , and with a per capita income about double their own .
Our approach provides policymakers in developing countries with a framework to tackle the daunting coordination challenges inherent in the creation of new , competitive industries .
Given the right framework , there is no reason for it to remain in the shadows .
So the time may be ripe to move forward with the sort of multilateral framework for regulating cross-border investment that has been derailed several times since the 1920 's .
Despite the considerable progress that developing countries have made in integrating themselves into international trade and finance channels , there is still much work to be done to ensure that they share the burden of maintaining the global system in which they have a rapidly growing stake .
In rural areas , corruption emanates from frequent expropriation of land-lease contracts held by farmers working on collectively owned land , which local officials then turn over to non-agriculture land developers .
Moreover , eliminating today 's vast wastage of natural resources , which underpins exceptionally high levels of pollution , will require a reformed regulatory framework , including higher user prices for energy , raw materials , and environmental resources .
Economic incentives to work , save , and start businesses were also reduced through the compression of wage differentials and a big squeeze on company profits , both largely the result of strong and centralized labor unions .
However , Sweden is still characterized by high welfare dependency , with about 23 % of working-age people in recent years living on various types of government benefits , including temporary and permanent disability payments .
One argument for the latter policy is to improve the government 's budget , another to make work more economically rewarding relative to government benefits .
If Uribe stands down , whoever succeeds him will probably maintain most of his policies and continue to work toward improving security in the country .
With political parties driven into irrelevance , parliament turned into a rubber stamp agency , and national television networks taken under government control , public discourse has all but disappeared .
No professional solidarity was shown back in 2001 , when Russia 's private national television network NTV was taken over by the government .
The public at large was basically unaware of Khodorkovsky 's letter , because the state television networks did not report it .
The use of online social networks , for example , has grown faster than in any other country in Europe , and has helped create some semblance of a public sphere , with the Russian blogosphere often a venue for angry public expression about social injustice , undeserved privileges , lawlessness , and police impunity .
Extra efforts should be made to encourage more people to get a flu shot , including those outside the traditional `` target '' groups , such as elderly people and health care workers .
But China 's rulers permit discussion of the Cultural Revolution only within this official framework , suppressing any and all unofficial reflections .
The Greening of China Two countries -- the United States and China -- remain aloof from global efforts to create a new post-Kyoto framework on climate change .
There are roughly 58,000 factories in the Pearl River Delta with Hong Kong connections , and together they employ more than 10 million workers .
Indeed , the joint air-monitoring network provides a foundation for the region to develop a sophisticated regional air management program .
Despite the widespread enthusiasm for lifting educational performance in Latin America and the Caribbean , little effort has been devoted to working out how to maximize investments in education .
Which policies work best ?
This means rejecting the idea of expanding only the network of public facilities .
But , while an expensive campaign to combat a particularly dangerous , communicable disease like HIV\/AIDS makes sense , it is less clear that this approach works well when aimed at providing the public with general , health-related information .
Much of my work is to make sense of all these global warnings .
Each country could create a council that represents public bodies -LRB- transportation , public works , customs -RRB- and major users -LRB- exporters and logistics companies -RRB- that must work together to identify ways to reduce logistics costs .
Some , such as growth monitoring , day care services , preschool activities , or improved hygiene or health services , work directly with children .
These scientists are engaged in excellent , painstaking work that establishes exactly what the world should expect from climate change .
I am glad that he did not , and that the IPCC 's work has rightfully been acknowledged .
They must work with bureaucracies , which are naturally disinclined to have their efforts prioritized , lest they end up as anything less than number one .
Those who agreed that corruption worked had less respect for the political system 's legitimacy .
The narrow focus of the climate debate on emissions reductions has worked against a clear focus on reducing vulnerability .
The United Nations Framework Convention has refused to fund disaster preparedness efforts unless states demonstrate exactly how the disasters they feared were linked to climate change .
During the 2004 hurricane season , the Dominican Republic , which has invested in hurricane shelters and emergency evacuation networks , suffered fewer than ten deaths .
Deciding how much we should let temperatures rise is like working out how many people should die in traffic accidents by adjusting the speed limit .
Curiously , nobody suggested that the `` lights out '' campaign should also mean no air conditioning , telephones , Internet , movies , hot food , warm coffee , or cold drinks -- not to mention the loss of security when street lights and traffic signals do n't work .
We are spoon fed stories that fit preconceived frameworks .
In agreements announced by the Obama administration , the US is working with China and Canada on projects to develop this technology .
Declaring true victory over global warming will take a lot more pragmatism , and a lot more work .
In March , Al Gore 's science adviser and prominent climate researcher , Jim Hansen , proclaimed that when it comes to dealing with global warming , the `` democratic process is n't working . ''
The most pertinent question of all is : Why do n't we choose a solution to global warming that will actually work ?
To arrive at an informed answer , we need to work out how the planet will look in 2100 if we invest different amounts in adaptation and carbon cuts .
This work is based on standard scenarios , and carries the typical caveats of predictions far into the future .
Global Warming 's Technology Deficit COPENHAGEN -- Our current approach to solving global warming will not work .
The Danish wind industry is nearly completely dependent on taxpayer subsidies to support a modest workforce .
The government subsidy has shifted employment to less productive employment in the wind industry , meaning that Danish GDP is approximately $ 270 million lower than it would be if the wind-sector workforce was employed elsewhere .
Yet , it has been clear for a considerable time that there is a more fundamental problem : immediate promises of carbon cuts do not work .
The electricity is not working .
But the lessons that are sometimes derived from Sweden 's experience are based on misunderstandings of what we actually did , and of how our system worked .
It was easier than we expected to recruit good people for Securum , because working in the public interest for this pioneering state-owned bad bank was perceived as a unique challenge .
Many citizens believe that European cooperation benefits only the privileged , and that workers and pensioners face higher taxes because cross-border integration has helped the rich find ways to avoid paying their fair share on interest and capital gains .
This is particularly important in the area of worker protection .
Europe 's citizens are unlikely to support measures to strengthen the EU if this means that working conditions can no longer be decided locally .
Yet the European Court has fueled frustrations by undercutting local labor practices in notable recent cases concerning workers employed in Sweden and in Germany .
To work , integration must be balanced and equal , with both Russia and the EU adopting some of each other 's ideas .
Today , her life is much worse than before , because medical complications following the operation make it difficult for her to work .
Hector is one of the several hundred cases of kidney vendors documented by social workers in three impoverished towns in the Philippines ' Quezon province .
Even in `` heroic '' Stalingrad , the workers ' militia collapsed at the battle 's beginning .
As I click on the Web site of the county government , there is no mention of slave labor or child workers at the brick factory .
As a result of the slave-labor brick plants , as well as reports of an eight-year-old child worker being buried alive and migrant workers killed , Hongdong 's name has become infamous .
Yet despite the scandal , migrant workers and children in school uniforms are still being abducted from other provinces and pushed into monstrous brick plants and coalmines .
Seven years ago , a lawmaker from Hunan province went to Shanxi province to rescue slave workers from brick plants .
At that time , the rescued workers knelt down and wept .
It seems today that in China the daily work of government is to keep people from protecting themselves and their families in an attempt to gloss over the crimes of a `` harmonious society . ''
When the police stormed Ai 's workshop , they demanded that Ai 's wife , Lu Qing , tell them , `` What did Ai write on the Internet ? ''
His Shanghai workshop used to be a salon for Chinese artists , including the film directors Chen Kaige and Jiang Wen .
Africa needs to prepare for the opportunities and challenges to come by deliberately working for peace and security .
In the course of my work over the past 30 years , I have observed that whether it is at the national or regional level , most conflicts are over resources .
Many countries are resolving their conflicts and working for peace and stability .
The early Muslims read the works of the great Greek scientists , mathematicians , and philosophers .
They also studied the works of the Persians , the Indians , and the Chinese .
By limiting our reading to religious works and neglecting modern science , we destroyed Islamic civilization and lost our way in the world .
The Pakistani population can easily work with the political moderation of Singh 's government .
At a recent workshop that we co-chaired in Singapore , the inevitable question was raised : Can Asians lead in meeting global challenges ?
On the other hand , the desire to avoid confrontation can prevent meaningful agreements from being reached in a reasonable timeframe , and the appearance of consensus may merely mask the true politics at work .
Similarly , geopolitics does not work in Israel 's favor on the West Bank issue .
It is invariably more efficient to build and maintain health-related infrastructure , such as water supply and sanitation systems , clinics , and hospitals , and deliver specialized health care , where population densities are highest -- and to create affordable-care networks of community health workers using low-cost technology .
Tailored solutions are required -- what works in one city might not work in others -- but , because problems arising from weak or absent coordination are widespread , emerging markets should consider governance models that vest accountability for urban health outcomes -- together with the authority to shape them -- in city governments .
So emerging markets should collaborate to develop health-knowledge networks aimed at facilitating mutual learning .
After all , an investment-friendly business environment requires adults who are fit to work and children who are fit to learn .
Exhausted by the ongoing war , most Chechens now are ready to resolve their problems within the framework provided by Russia 's elastic federal structure .
Osama bin Laden does n't work for money and wants to destroy the entire West , not weaken Russia in particular .
As we look at the wider global context , it is clear that this kind of post-conflict intervention is going to be a major part of the UN 's work in coming years .
The conference in New York Friday drew on the collective resources and expertise of UN agencies , the World Bank , and the major donor countries led by the United States , an impressive and effective collaboration that offers a rough framework for preparation for future post-conflict response .
Trees were also cut to clear cropland , provide heat , and the fledgling nation was using up its forests to build its own ironworks and railroads as well .
The motives for these interventions varied , but all led to American efforts to establish working governments -- nation-building -- that proved protracted and frustrating .
In other countries that have become democracies , the institutions and practices of liberty have often emerged from the working of a free-market economy .
The oil that the Arab countries of the Persian Gulf have in abundance also works against democracy , for it creates an incentive for the rulers to retain power indefinitely .
The political sentiments of many of the hundreds of thousands of people who gathered in Cairo 's Tahrir Square over the last three weeks leave little doubt that they do want democracy , and are willing to work and even to sacrifice for it . Whether they are numerous enough , resourceful enough , patient enough , wise enough , and brave enough -- and whether they will be lucky enough -- to achieve it is a question that only the people of Egypt can answer .
Its incomparable vitality and language , for example , find their way into the work of the Soviet writer Andrei Platonov .
The Old Testament tells how work on the tower in Shinar , in ancient Babylon , was disrupted because man aspired to reach the heavens and divinity .
Its workforce labors round the clock and its inventiveness , energy , and diversity counter provincialism with scorn .
The Roma population , indeed , has 41 % seasonal workers , 33.5 % lack any professional skills , 38.7 % are illiterate .
Some Romanian refugees were already candidates for the local elections , praised for their hard work and honesty .
We should be interested not for prosecutorial purposes , but in order to gain a more profound understanding of a bloody , demagogical , and tyrannical Utopia -- and of human weakness and vulnerability . We may even consider it a rewarding testament to an artist 's ability to overcome his past mistakes and still produce priceless work .
But can we justifiably defend morally compromised artists and intellectuals on the basis of their work 's merit , yet condemn ordinary people for often less grave offenses ?
Just imagine what might have happened with the works of , say , Proust , Kafka , Musil , Faulkner , or Borges had they been subjected to mass-market competition like shoes or cosmetics .
The theme , style , and echo of his work says a lot , I think , about our simplified world .
By renouncing simplicity , it also repudiates today 's prevailing confusion of information with literature , of facts with creativity , and best-selling products with true works of art .
This is especially true for those who have lived in Iran , a totally Muslim environment that allows women the freedom to study and work as well as access to adequate healthcare and family planning .
The next steps in implementation should include consideration of the proposals on international transport by the International Civil Aviation Organization , the International Air Transport Association and the International maritime Organization , with the multilateral development banks working on proposals for new green funds and enhanced collaboration with the private sector .
As tax evasion becomes more pervasive , whole networks to help hide incomes have appeared , making it far less likely that those who break the law are punished .
But the results often fall short of the potential benefits , because VAT has helped inspire tax evaders to create even stronger networks that can hide an entire chain of transactions .
While econometric studies are not available , raw data show an increase in reported income and in the number of firms and official workers .
There is absolutely no indication so far that organized networks or religious groups are manipulating these youth .
The main conclusion of my work is that policies aimed at ensuring liquidity can not only prevent bank panics , but also avoid the excess risk-taking that deposit insurance encourages .
Africa 's towns and cities have been growing at some of the world 's fastest rates , but their absolute size is so small that they can absorb only a fraction of all new workers .
For investors , the deepest obstacles are informational : what works best , and under which circumstances ?
If this approach does not work , and if the existing Marine base on Okinawa remains , Hatoyama can pass the buck to the US , thereby deflecting anti-base pressure from local residents .
Behind Koizumi 's pro-reform slogans was an intra-party factional struggle with the dominant Tanaka faction , whose seemingly invincible political machine and electoral constituencies were anchored to public works involving special-interest groups , particularly civil engineering and construction firms .
Koizumi slashed a large portion of the budgets for public works and abandoned the rural population , which depended on a variety of redistributive schemes .
The organization has hundreds of subsidiary organs across the country and nationwide networks .
For example , more and more employers are researching job applicants through Google and social-networking Web sites .
But the same strategies that work for developing nanotechnology applications will not help answer the growing list of questions about its possible impact that governments and industry are asking today .
That makes it all the more important that African countries , many of which have laid a strong groundwork for sustainable growth , have a financial system in place that can leverage remittances effectively as the global economy recovers .
It employs more than 90 % of the workforce and is home to 75 % of the retailers .
This translates into a solidarity network and a support mechanism that mitigates credit risk and encourages payment discipline . Credit repayment in well-managed micro-finance institutions is around 95 % . All studies undertaken in the area have also revealed that women are not only the most active among informal-sector entrepreneurs , but they are also quicker to meet their commitments .
Hence , the import of Chinese labor into a continent not lacking in able-bodied workers .
With apartheid-style practices -- including the gunning down of local workers by a Chinese manager in Zambia -- Chinese managers impose appalling working conditions on their African employees .
Might Chinese manufacturers then look to Africa as a base for production , using the facilities they have built and the hordes of workers they have been steadily exporting there ?
French business , moreover , dominates most of the country 's infrastructure : Bolloré controls the port of Abidjan and the railway ; Bouygues oversees Ivorian construction projects ; Total holds one-quarter of the shares of the country 's oil refinery ; France Telecom is the main shareholder of the landline and mobile telephone network ; Société Générale and BNP-Paribas control the banking industry ; and Air France controls the sky .
But for France 's African allies , grafting a program of economic integration onto a pre-existing artificial monetary union is delusory and unworkable .
The celebrated pipeline between Chad and Cameroon caused water pollution , devastated pygmies ' hunting grounds , destroyed harvests , and spread AIDS - perhaps the inevitable result of ill-educated migrant workers toiling thousands of miles from home , with a horde of prostitutes following them .
As a result , any country formulating strategies to counter the destructive forces of globalization should give overriding priority to a self-centred economic development strategy , preferably within a regional framework .
Thai political expert Chaiwat Satha-Anand has called the movement a `` network without a core . ''
I appreciate that close cooperation and partnership with member states are required , and I am ready to work with them in whatever way I can to help them to transpose and apply EU law correctly .
We need adequate oversight and crisis management , which is why I am submitting a paper on early intervention and look forward to the analysis of the High Level Group of experts working under Jacques de Larosière , which is due imminently .
The current European and global frameworks for accounting standards and capital requirements , for example , have exacerbated turmoil in the markets .
The fact that equity-to-asset ratios are currently averaging out at about 3 % tells you everything that you need to know about the inadequacy of the current pro-cyclical capital requirement framework .
Again , this must be a feature of further revisions to the capital requirement framework for banks .
Around the world , clever scientists , engineers , and entrepreneurs are working to realize the remainder of the space exploration dream .
Similarly , there is evidence that the prefrontal cortex - a key structure in emotional regulation as well as in decision-making and working memory - shrinks in major depression .
And it is not only major stressful life events that exact a toll on our bodies ; the many conflicts and demands of daily life elevate and sometimes disrupt the workings of our response systems for stress , causing wear and tear on the body and brain .
This may occur through policies that improve education , provide better housing , improve commuting , regulate working conditions , increase availability of health foods , and provide tax relief for those in the lower and middle classes .
This helped stabilize the work of government ministries .
According to this view , there was no conspiracy , but a great social revolution that , by virtue of a powerful internal logic , brought to power workers , peasants , and the Bolshevik party , which represented their will .
Although today 's new political reality in Russia is creating its own new myths and falsifications , this has not extended to historians ' work .
Americans work more hours per week and have less vacation time , but they have more money to spend .
Not only does a higher percentage of American adults work , but they also work more hours per week and more weeks per year .
In 2004 , the French worked 28 % fewer hours per person than Americans , and the Germans and Dutch each put in 25 % fewer hours , and the money they earned was correspondingly lower -- almost 30 % less income per person than Americans received .
Some economists point out that high tax rates in Europe make work less rewarding -- and thus leisure more attractive .
Other economists see Europe 's powerful labor unions as an important determinant in European attitudes towards work .
After all , employees do not negotiate individually the length of the workweek .
During past economic downturns , labor unions in Europe negotiated a reduced workweek or more vacation time with no reduction in wages .
French women with a job work on average 34 hours per week , but the percentage of women who work outside the home in France is almost 20 % lower than in the US .
The answer depends on whether one considers the time women in Europe spend on domestic work .
Doorman buildings provide round-the-clock service to residents and dog-walkers look after pets during the workday .
In other words , American women work more hours and use the money they make to hire people to do the tasks that they ca n't do because they 're working .
By contrast , European women work less and have less money to spend on services .
On balance , therefore , European and American women work about the same amount of hours .
By spending part of their extra income on household jobs and personal services , American women limit their workload while creating demand for service jobs that would n't exist otherwise .
In Europe , no birds get killed at all . Highly educated European women who have children either stay at home or work part-time and get stuck in low-end jobs .
Meanwhile , there are not enough service jobs in Europe to put everybody to work .
The social benefits paid to the out-of-work increase the tax burden on labor income , which in turn discourages women from full-time work .
The leisure trap thus keeps both the best educated and the least educated out of the workplace .
As economists Ronald Schettkat and Richard Freeman have pointed out , career women do not necessarily work more hours per week than women with part-time jobs or stay-at-home moms .
If women in Europe work more hours in better quality jobs , it will stimulate demand for service jobs like cleaning and child care , thus reducing unemployment among low-skilled workers .
Women use those benefits anyway , whether they are stay-at-home moms or perform paid work outside the home .
But women , too , must adjust . The reality is that top jobs require more than two workdays a week , and they do not coincide with school hours .
In Asia , more women work , they work more hours , and they advance on the corporate ladder much faster than European women .
Male dominance in the marketplace works like a cartel , barring talented women from top jobs .
In European countries like Germany and the Netherlands , college-educated women often choose to be stay-at-home mothers or work part-time .
Only one of 10 female professionals with children works full-time in the Netherlands , compared to nine of 10 male professionals with children .
Women would still be working only half as much as men outside the home .
AMSTERDAM -- Prostitution is virtually the only part of the personal services industry in the Netherlands that works .
In a recent criminal trial , two German-Turkish brothers stood accused of forcing more than 100 women to work in Amsterdam 's red-light district -LRB- De Wallen -RRB- .
It is incomprehensible that their clients are not prosecuted for rape , but Dutch politicians argue that it can not be established whether or not a prostitute works voluntarily .
In the United States , the rate at which prostitutes are killed in the workplace is 51 times that of the next most dangerous occupation for women , working in a liquor store .
In view of the country 's shrinking workforce and already high capital-to-labor ratio , it is also understandable that German investors do not see many domestic investment opportunities , and instead choose to invest abroad .
To understand what is happening , consider Evergreen Solar , the third-largest maker of solar panels in the US , which announced in January that it would close its main American factory , lay off its 800 workers there within two months , and shift production to China .
A recent study by the Central Planning Bureau in the Netherlands shows that workers with a permanent contract receive more employer-funded training than workers with a temporary contract .
For US employers , it is much easier to purge workers from the payroll -- or , as Robert Gordon of Northwestern University puts it , to toss out every deck chair -- than it is for German employers .
Germany 's labor code bars such layoffs , but German employers also are presumably less inclined than US employers to shed workers , because they have invested more in their companies ' human capital .
With fewer firm-specific skills than their German counterparts , American workers are more susceptible to layoffs .
Last year , the company sealed an agreement with the trade union IG Metall that includes a no-layoff pledge for its 128,000-strong German workforce .
But the elevation of the Social Chapter , previously a list of good intentions , to the status of fundamental constitutional rights , threatens to encumber workers and businesses in the member states with burdensome judicial proceedings and expensive social entitlements written by judges in Luxembourg whose last word is beyond appeal .
For ten years , it has struggled with the costs of a mandatory 35-hour week -- a ceiling that is now so embedded in the legislation regulating working hours that simple abrogation would lead to chaos .
The alternative , a targeted tax holiday , constitutes a welcome break with the culture of `` time off , '' and an encouragement to those who , as Sarkozy 's campaign slogan put it , want to `` work more in order to earn more . ''
Worse yet , the knowledge that some law or regulation covers every aspect of employment poisons the workplace and discourages attempts to resolve problems pragmatically .
A stop-gap measure that permits firms to hire workers for temporary assignments , on condition that they not be renewed , condemns the least skilled to a demoralizing cycle of short-term jobs and repeated spells of unemployment .
These marginal workers are predominantly immigrants and the children and grandchildren of former immigrants , whose social and economic integration is thus blocked , trapping them in increasingly violent suburban ghettoes .
It will probably take several generations before a workable EU-wide political system emerges , but the first step is for the EU to encourage people to have their say , however uncomfortable that may be .
The question , therefore , is whether Europe and Russia can establish a new framework for talking to one another .
The `` demographic time bomb '' that economic analysts have been discussing for a decade or more is now exploding . The result is widespread labor shortages in many EU countries and an alarming reduction in the proportion of working-age people whose taxes pay the pensions and medical costs of those who have retired .
Many countries have themselves aggravated the problem , either by encouraging early retirement or -- as with France -- through job-creation nostrums like the 35-hour working week .
About one-third of male workers in Europe quit their jobs by their early fifties .
That , together with two generations in which birth rates across Europe have dropped well below the two-children-per-couple replacement rate , and what the European Commission describes as `` spectacular '' increases in longevity , means that by 2050 , instead of four workers supporting each retiree , there will be only two .
According to Klaus Regling , the Commission 's Director-General for Economic and Financial Affairs , Europe 's working population has so shrunk that from 2010 onward maximum annual economic growth in western Europe will drop to 1.8 % , from an average of 2.3 % in recent years , and to just 1.3 % a year from 2030 .
It is not a structure that is conducive to political coups de theâtre , and most of the Commission 's work is the relentless grind of EU regulation and re-regulation .
The time has come for a new EU industrial-policy framework that would permit Brussels to use its `` honest broker '' status to manage competing interests .
The Davignon Plan imposed Europe-wide production and price controls , monitored and coordinated national governments ' state aids , organized the closures of outdated plants , encouraged mergers , and awarded EU funding to retraining schemes for redundant steel workers .
The important point is that Europe should be seen to have set out a common framework for addressing the slowdown .
Industrial leaders and ordinary citizens alike want to be told that the EU is working on a policy approach that looks farther ahead than the gloomy present .
More to the point , perhaps , the European Parliament does n't really work on the same basis of left-right politics as national parliaments do ; it deals in practicalities more than ideologies .
Quite simply , German Gaullism does n't work .
Both sides accept that working with local partners for peaceful democratic change today is the best way to avoid violent revolution or military action tomorrow .
As well as working at a grass roots level , policies on trade and aid should be used to encourage governments to reform and enlarge the space for legitimate political action .
As well as working to further peace between Israel and Palestine , we must help Turkey succeed in turning itself into a full-fledged democracy that qualifies for EU membership , renew pressure on the Iranian regime for democracy and arms control , and avoid premature disengagement from Iraq .
In this case , Berlusconi 's forces could ally themselves with Pier Ferdinando Casini 's centrist Catholic party , or work to form a coalition with their center-left adversary , the Democratic Party , led by Walter Veltroni .
They invited policymakers from the emerging giants to become more involved in designing a new global economic framework -- implicitly suggesting that this has not been the case so far .
The fact that the core emerging economies have contributed substantially to shaping the new global economic framework does not mean that they do not still face serious challenges .
First , when reforming their own domestic regulatory frameworks , they should avoid dramatic swings away from allegedly rational markets to allegedly rational governments .
Organized purely as an intergovernmental policy program , the pact can not work , because EU member states can not be trusted to monitor their own performance and enforce sanctions on their peers -- or on themselves .
The lack of consensus on basic features of an economic framework -- be it a retirement age commensurate with Europe 's demographic outlook or a legislative commitment to budgetary discipline -- makes one wonder how eurozone countries could enter a monetary union in the first place .
While successful twentieth-century insurgencies developed some degree of hierarchy and a political wing , the Iraq insurgency remains a loose , amorphous network .
The goal is to keep most of the force stationed at home in the US , with a network of lightly-manned bases abroad that can serve as forward operating locations during a crisis or war .
To appease the extremists might be easy but may not work .
The G-20 can also play a stronger role in enhancing the skills of regulators in a globally interconnected environment , and should develop a mutually agreed regulatory framework for evolving financial markets .
The world community is not there yet , and until it is , the world needs a new kind of American leader -- a leader able to inspire Americans to fix their problems at home and work with partners across the globe in promoting a common agenda as bold and progressive as the order built from the ashes of World War II 60 years ago .
The prospect of a truly global community of nations working together to achieve the greater good for all is indeed exciting .
Until this happens , let us all hope that America can get back on track as the global champion of collaborative action to address the world 's greatest challenges and work with as many other countries as possible to move collectively in the right direction .
All nations must work together to revise our models for international cooperation in a way that incorporates the global shift in economic power .
The best way to help make Afghanistan 's government more accountable to its people over the long term is by working to strengthen Afghan democracy , but this level of accountability is still far off -- and Afghanistan desperately needs better governance now .
Internally generated reform is the only reform that can work , and it can not occur if Afghan officials take international assistance for granted or see themselves as subordinate actors in their own reform process .
Given its size and importance , and regardless of its intentions , China will , perhaps inadvertently , destroy the international system if it does not either actively endorse and work to maintain it , or reframe it for the greater common good .
Disney could not have worked a more seductive transformation .
On the morning of December 21 , Ceausescu stepped onto the balcony of the Central Committee in the heart of Bucharest to address the people -- cadres of state workers assembled , as was customary , to cheer on cue .
Scarcely seven minutes after the sentence was read out , had the executioners done their work .
This can not involve the creation of working groups that merely pay lip service to ethical debate , but must enable non-sports organizations to develop their own policy framework for the regulation of ` gene doping ' and , more broadly , the use of genetic information .
If anti-doping authorities truly care about sports , then they have a responsibility to re-examine the basic values that underpin their work .
Government is responsible for delivering services , but it is up to civil society to be vigilant and ensure that officials work toward these aims .
To be sure , in the laboratory , scientists use animals in controlled experimental conditions to investigate the workings of toxic agents .
Nowadays , the most well known -LRB- and probably best financed -RRB- campaign to manufacture scientific doubt is being waged by the fossil fuel industry in an effort to impugn scientists ' work on issues related to climate change .
A democratic Ukraine , closely cooperating with Poland within the framework of the European community , will open new possibilities for developing and strengthening partnership with Russia .
The Solidarity workers at giant enterprises have become victims of the freedoms they won .
Those who refused or filed a false declaration were to be fired and banned from working in their profession for ten years .
We must remember that acts which we now reject were also possible within our community , as we work to make what was once possible impossible .
The main difference between the Prague Spring and the Velvet Revolution was that the former was mostly the work of Communist Party members and others who wanted to bring about `` socialism with a human face . ''
The gaps are most obvious where people from different countries work together , as in many multinational companies .
But even when people do not work together , globalization , by bringing the world to everyone 's living room -LRB- or hut -RRB- , enables them to make much wider comparisons of their living standards .
It is inconceivable that Brazilian , Cameroonian , or Japanese doctors , computer scientists , blue-collar workers , or bank tellers could move from one country to another as easily as Brazilian , Cameroonian , or Japanese football players do .
Football thus provides a glimpse of how true globalization of labor would work .
Free movement of skilled labor could be accompanied by binding international requirements that migrants from poor countries spend , say , one year in five working in their countries of origin .
But not all those who need help are coming to get it , so Save the Children funds outreach workers to encourage families to use the services .
There is remarkable work being done to create opportunities , as well as to prevent catastrophe .
One young mother at the nutrition center told me that she was just completing her accountancy degree -- but there was no work .
Yusuf , age nine , working on a computer at the Qattan Center , told me that he wanted to be a pilot .
Rather than creating a uniform , predictable , and scientifically sound framework for effectively managing legitimate risks , the bio-safety protocol establishes an ill-defined global regulatory process that permits overly risk-averse , incompetent , or corrupt regulators to hide behind the precautionary principle in delaying or deferring approvals .
In order to begin addressing these deficiencies , `` The IAEA 's work involves building countries ' capacity for radiation medicine .
However , the study can not conclude that long work hours cause cardiac disease .
For example , it could be that highly stressed people with Type A personality who think that bacon cheeseburgers and creamy sauces are staple foods , and who already have an increased , long-term risk of heart disease , also tend to work longer hours .
Although ring prophylaxis might work in Minneapolis , Toronto , or Zurich , in the parts of the world where flu pandemics begin , the probability of success approaches zero .
So is the 19-page annual letter that describes the work of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , the world 's largest philanthropy .
Costs to individuals and their families include drugs , travel to and treatment at clinics , lost time at work and school , and expenses for preventive measures .
Because it persists after spraying , DDT works far better than many pesticides now in use , some of which are toxic to fish and other aquatic organisms .
The Venter lab 's achievement builds on similar work that began decades ago . In 1967 , a research group from Stanford Medical School and Caltech demonstrated the infectiousness of the genome of a bacterial virus called ??174 , whose DNA had been synthesized with an enzyme using the intact viral DNA as a template , or blueprint .
Along with the Venter paper , Nature published eight commentaries on the significance of the work . The `` real '' scientists were aware of the incremental nature of the work , and questioned whether the Venter group had created a genuine `` synthetic cell , '' while the social scientists tended to exaggerate the implications of the work .
Ensuring that domestic demand decelerates to a more sustainable pace is necessary to moderate the upward pressure on prices that threatens the credibility of the inflation-targeting monetary-policy framework -- indeed , in April , the 12-month consumer inflation rate breached the upper limit of the central bank 's tolerance band .
First , Brazil should adopt a medium-term fiscal framework that targets a gradually declining path for public debt , including a commitment to adjusting the target for the primary budget surplus accordingly .
It seems to work , but how ?
Just because some `` best practice '' works in New York , does that mean it will work in Accra , Ghana ?
Imagine how American managers would react to consultants arriving from Ghana with their `` best practice '' : `` It worked in Accra , so it is bound to work in New York ! ''
If so , then a key condition must be the self-respect that comes from working things out for ourselves , individually and collectively .
Productivity is a measure of output per hour worked .
So a company that fires all its workers and then ships from stock can look very productive -- until it runs outs of stock .
Of course , no company can do that , but many US companies have been shedding workers and middle managers in great numbers -- the figures for January 2008 were up 19 % from a year earlier .
Meanwhile , those employees left behind must work that much harder , often without increased compensation .
That , too , is `` productive '' -- until these overworked people quit or burn out .
So , as workers and middle managers have been departing these companies , they have taken with them not only much critical information , but often also the hearts and souls of their enterprises , with profound effects on American competitiveness .
Moreover , because maximizing shareholder value is a poor incentive for workers and middle managers , companies ' boards have increasingly centralized power around chief executives , thereby encouraging a `` heroic '' form of leadership that is detached from the rest of the enterprise .
According to a January 2008 report by the Hay Group , the CEO 's of the 50 largest US companies are now paid almost three times what their European counterparts receive - -- which is many hundreds of times more than their own workers .
Huge investments have strengthened the People 's Armed Police -LRB- PAP -RRB- , a large anti-riot paramilitary force whose specialty is the quick suppression of anti-government protests by disgruntled industrial workers , peasants , and urban residents .
Worse , without support from this strategic group , other social groups , such as workers and peasants , have become politically marginalized and rudderless .
Although the Party 's carrot-and-stick approach has worked since 1989 , it is doubtful that it will retain its efficacy for another 17 years .
Ukraine and Belarus have skilled work forces and wages that are less than a quarter of those in neighboring Poland and Hungary .
Children go to work at relatively young ages , and the prevalence of low wages -- particularly for women -- means that the cost of parental time is negligible relative to other opportunities .
For example , while the ability of a mother to feed her child is not highly related to her level of human capital , her effectiveness in helping her children with their school homework increases with her own level of education .
For two decades , the ruling United Malays National Organization -LRB- UMNO -RRB- government invested enormous public resources in building up a network of Islamic institutions .
Our goal is to facilitate the spread of good policy and practice , allowing countries to learn from a variety of approaches and to understand which ones might work in their own context .
Chinese elites are convinced that time is working in their favor , and that it is only natural that China should regain its rank amongst the world leading powers , perhaps even emerging on top one day .
At home , Sarkozy has aimed his message particularly at the young , issuing a patriotic call to the values of work and discipline , a counter-revolutionary revolution .
It is the EU that can make multi-polarity work if it plays its role positively .
The working class is disappearing in modern France and what 's left of it tends to go more to the extreme-right than to the extreme-left .
Sarkozy 's approach may work , because America , too , has changed .
Why favor change , when continuity works so well for you ?
What , for example , will happen to a country as central and vulnerable as Egypt when hundred of thousands of Egyptians working in the Gulf are forced to return to their homeland as a result of the crisis in the oil-producing countries ?
And what about the foreign workers who have reached for the `` European dream '' and are now faced with potential explosions of xenophobia in Europe 's supposedly open countries ?
This perspective is not simply rooted in economics , even if today a large proportion of older Americans are rushing back to work as the downturn wrecks their retirement plans .
A process of escalating alienation and indifference between the Union and its citizens is at work , illustrated by low turnout in the last European Parliament elections .
Why , Indian officials seemed to wonder , change what works , and at a time when the US needs India more than ever ?
Fukushima will forever stand for the uniqueness of nuclear energy : as long as it works , it is cheaper and cleaner than most alternatives .
One Europe with more jobs , freer competition and simpler and better rules for the benefit of companies , consumers and workers .
Castro believes in giving farm workers greater incentives .
There is somewhat greater freedom of expression , with debates and criticism of several aspects of Cuba 's socialist model , such as low salaries and the dual monetary system , which has caused income inequality by favoring those who work in tourism and for foreign companies .
Hundreds of thousands of people are employed as freelance Web commentators , working to spin discussions in chat rooms and on blogs in a more patriotic , pro-government direction .
Parallel to the bonyads , another economic network has emerged around the basij , the paramilitary force linked to the pasdaran -LRB- Revolutionary Guards -RRB- , who are in turn closely connected to Ahmadinejad .
These two networks are very often in competition , if not in conflict , with each other , reflecting the current Iranian political turmoil .
In order to get further assistance , Lebanon urgently needs to strengthen its ties with the US , as well as those that it has been developing within the framework of EU Mediterranean Cooperation .
The European Socialists will also have to define a more ambitious budget strategy , with higher spending for research , education , and other social investments , develop an industrial policy that transcends the simplistic logic of competitiveness , affirm a legal framework for European public services , and support greater EU-wide social and fiscal homogeneity .
National parliaments would be given a say in EU lawmaking , as the treaty recognizes the roles of parliaments in the `` adequate workings of the Union . ''
The first surprise I encountered while working for CCTV as a program planner was how minimal this system is .
Indeed , working daily with Chinese TV creators , I noticed a subtle , almost instinctive tendency to avoid any content or format that is unusual , novel , or unorthodox , never mind subversive .
Many officials -LRB- and the analysts and advisers who support them -RRB- assumed that this magic number represents the minimum rate needed to provide jobs to workers and managers and absorb the more than six million new graduates who spill out of China 's campuses each year in search of employment .
But the funding for expanding these efforts will rest largely on provincial officials , who will be reluctant to compel local cadres to disrupt production and lay off even more workers .
This is the central problem confronting the world as it seeks to forge a framework to combat climate change .
Threats to the system as a whole can arise in a manner that is difficult to detect , and that can cause risk-mitigation strategies that work well in normal times to malfunction .
For the same reasons , a new Mediterranean union could be a framework for a new moral vibrancy , informed by the same universal values that mobilized the young in Tunisia , Egypt , and beyond -- freedom , individual responsibility and accountability , transparency , tolerance , solidarity with the weak and oppressed , justice , gender equality , and other fundamental human and democratic rights .
But taking these traditions seriously would require much larger transformations of capitalism than even avowed Christian Democrats are prepared to contemplate , including a much wider distribution of ownership and mechanisms for involving workers in management .
For the moment , the temptation is for the European right to find its `` new look '' through a selective appeal to religion -- and wait and see whether it works as an electoral strategy . They should remember , though , that starting a Kulturkampf is to play with fire : it might be possible to instrumentalize religious passions for a time ; but such passions can not permanently be controlled from above .
This also means that political elites should try to understand and work with the message of indignation -- and not cynically play up anger for electoral advantage .
Those countries are already working to reduce their crisis-inflated deficits as soon as possible .
At the least , there is the danger that the cash nexus can encourage a mindless commitment to work , and the belief that one 's worth comes only from paid labor , leading to fear of dependence on others , or to shunning vital but unpaid activity .
So they learned to be on the lookout for new opportunities in underserved markets , working as peddlers , for example , or creating new products , or new forms of marketing .
Social networks also played an important role .
During the last half-century , intense urbanization and feminization of the workforce in all Arab countries has propelled women into the public arena on a massive scale .
At the same time , demographic shifts , along with social and economic factors affecting education and work , are forcing profound change on the traditional model of the Arab family .
Most states resist transferring the processes of social transformation into their legal framework .
As a result , networks of dissidents arose in both the USSR and China after the deaths of Stalin and Mao .
As a first step in this struggle , the World Psychiatric Association and national professional bodies should demand direct access to the Ankang network and other places of psychiatric incarceration .
The Zimbabwe Election Support Network has also expressed concern about the country 's state of readiness for this complex election , which will combine presidential , parliamentary , senatorial , and local government contests .
The educational system needs to be rebuilt almost from scratch , and with so many women anxious to return to teaching , a revived educational system will also help Afghanistan 's democratic politicians gain a powerful lobby of workers .
These activities should be explored in a framework of economic development across Central Asia .
None of this will be possible unless Afghanistan 's young males are disarmed and given productive work .
The rules of political life in Kuwait have been worked out over 300 years -- since this small area emerged as a self-contained polity .
Clearly , women demonstrated tremendous enthusiasm for the political process , taking part in large numbers in political rallies , and as campaign workers in a range of election activities .
Through a large and interlocking network of security and media organizations , Saddam financed scores of newspapers and magazines , lavishing on their hack writers sums of money that were unimaginable to ordinary Arab journalists .
At the center of this network were the cultural organizations that Saddam established in Arab and other capitals .
While NATO and the EU have improved their working relations , more steps need to be taken to eliminate mistrust , unhealthy competition , and information-sharing blockages .
This would enable NATO and the EU to assess future scenarios and find ways to work together to prevent and manage crises .
Both NATO and the EU have roles to play in working with industry to enhance Europe 's defense capabilities .
The Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty review conference will begin the work of adapting the NPT to our rapidly changing world .
At the very least , court staff should work with local groups to convene meetings about the trials , and the issues they raise , in communities across the country .
So we gave a press conference -- all the opposition parties together -- the day before the vote , demanding that the government release our party workers and allow people to vote freely .
Soon after , our office workers were detained , and Hailu Shawel , Chairman of the CUD , and senior CUD official Lidetu Ayalew were put under house arrest .
In the wake of Milosevic 's death , Karadzic and Mladic should be brought before the ICTY , both to reinforce its work and to demonstrate to their victims that the international community is resolved not to allow their suffering to be forgotten .
In the long run , doing justice seems a way to contribute to peace , but one can not be sure that things will work out that way every time .
Vilks argued that his work was a provocation aimed at revealing the selective liberalism within the Swedish intellectual establishment -- its multiculturalism , one could say .
In this respect , Vilks ' work must be regarded as having succeeded in exposing moral double standards -- no matter what one thinks of the drawing itself .
It has a committed electorate of its own , whose sentiments are responsive to Zhirinovsky 's populist slogans , and a party apparatus staffed by committed workers .
But Putin and Medvedev have worked together for more than 17 years with no serious conflicts .
Both of these factors incite sedentary behavior at home and at work , as well as profound alterations in dietary habits .
Moreover , more than 60 % these deaths occur in the developing world , and here NCD 's increasingly appear in younger age groups , which can have huge implications for how productive a country 's workers are .
The Cardinal argued that evolution is the work of God and that evolutionary theory should be interpreted in that light and no other .
It is no coincidence that a well-known book on developmental psychology bears the title The Scientist in the Crib , a work that traces the parallels between small children 's behavior and the processes and research strategies that are usual in science .
One was the official opening of a network of science centers in Vienna , linking decentralized activities in an interactive exhibition that tour Austria .
It is fairly safe to predict that learning in a knowledge-intensive society will continue at a heightened pace , both at the workplace and outside of it .
The corporate world -- indeed , the formal workplace more generally -- can no longer be strictly separated from the informal world in which work and leisure have become blurred .
Seeing the excitement that can be generated in young people through events like science festivals and networks of science centers gives rise to cautious optimism -- provided we seize the diversity of opportunities that informal learning offers .
For one thing , the term `` framework program '' will be scrapped .
The goal is to capture the major underlying policy shift from a highly heterogeneous portfolio of programs -- intended to support various goals in various ways and to varying degrees -- to a legislative and budgetary package designed to serve as a common strategic framework .
But a framework constructed to achieve what ?
This requires a smoothly working and much more efficient interface between the agencies and the European Commission , which retains overall control over them , as well as a thorough revision of the financial regulation for the entire operation and its oft-criticized bureaucratic red tape .
Some tough political choices lie ahead : Which parts of the framework program are to be continued , and which terminated ?
It supports individual researchers without regard to their nationality or age in a unique `` bottom-up '' mode , provided they work in Europe .
The ERC 's budget amounts to no more than 0.5 % of total European R&D spending , or 15 % of the current Framework Program budget .
Finding out how things work is what cutting-edge research is all about .
Adjustments in operational doctrine , as applied to strategic , tactical , and conventional forces , would constitute a giant step toward ending the relationship 's militarized framework .
The three of us are working with a distinguished group from all corners of the Euro-Atlantic region to develop these and other concrete steps that are essential to creating a genuine security community , including its economic , energy , and environmental dimensions .
In Davos , I will work to ensure that the interests of the world 's smallholder farmers -- in Haiti and in developing countries around the world -- are represented .
In IFAD 's experience , working simply to double the income of a smallholder farmer who scrapes by on less than a dollar a day is poverty management , because at two dollars a day , he or she still remains poor .
Whether it is the Chinese for the global economy , or Russia for nuclear disarmament , the United States will now work with whomever can help it get the results it wants -- thus ensuring that it remains the `` indispensable nation . ''
The late twentieth century worked so well for Europeans .
Today , that scarcely registers against the other themes : a working-class or unemployed person dared to aspire to resemble someone of too high a status , and spent too much money conceiving too many blameless babies who deserve protection and care , and who have now been put at risk by their mother 's selfish choices .
It takes nothing away from the pain of those now losing their houses to notice that something oddly American and a bit perverse happened : millions of Americans were seduced by fantasies of a beautiful big house , vague about their own plans for the future , and yet full ofcrazy confidencethat it would all somehow work out . American optimism became as much a curse as a blessing .
The credit freeze is partly the work of bankers and hedge fund managers who acted just like Nadya Suleman , leveraging the present for an unrealizable future . But it is also the result of ordinary Americans , who ran up more credit card debt than any previous generation .
The law would permit marital rape , limit women 's movements -- say , for work or study -- without male permission , and even make it illegal for a woman to refuse to dress as her husband wishes .
The core theory with which emerging feminists in more traditional and religious societies are working is far different from that of Western feminism -- and in some ways far more profound and humane .
Simone de Beauvoir , whose seminal book The Second Sex laid the groundwork for post-war Western feminism , was an Existentialist who was neither a wife nor a mother nor a woman of faith .
So her work naturally posited female freedom in a secular , solitary , and individualistic context , in which `` freedom '' means pure autonomy rather than integration within a whole -- comprising family , community , and even God -- on equal terms .
Women complained of not being heard , of men disappearing after work to tinker in the garage or zone out in front of the TV .
Some of her findings are provocative : it seems , for example , that we are hard-wired for serial monogamy and must work very hard to maintain pair-bonds ; that highly orgasmic women enjoy an evolutionary advantage ; and that flirtation among primates closely resembles the way young men and women in a bar show their sexual interest today .
According to Gurian , if women accept these biological differences and work around them in relationships , men respond with great appreciation and devotion -LRB- often expressed nonverbally -RRB- .
None of this means that men and women should not try to adjust to each other 's wishes , ask for shared responsibility with housework , or expect to be `` heard . ''
But it does suggest that a more pluralistic society , open to all kinds of difference , can learn , work , and love better .
Protest that works must disrupt business as usual and , ideally , stop traffic .
Unless a regime is willing to start machine-gunning its citizens , peaceful , steady , long-term disruption of `` business as usual '' always works .
As more citizens become documentarians , online newspapers will have to curate their work to reflect reality on a level of visual urgency that new readers take for granted .
In her brief lifetime , she was often lauded for qualities -LRB- her beauty and style -RRB- that were secondary to her life 's work , and derided for other aspects of her character -LRB- her emotionality and chaotic personal life -RRB- that were equally beside the point .
When I worked on messaging for Al Gore 's 2000 presidential campaign , I often argued with white , older , affluent , male advisers who cared intensely about what was said in the elite media but ignored the popular venues to which most Americans pay attention .
Such organizations remain important , but the reduced cost of communication in the Internet era has opened the field to loosely structured network organizations with little headquarters staff and even to individuals .
NGO 's played key roles in the disruption of the World Trade Organization summit in 1999 , the passage of the Landmines Treaty , and the ratification of the Framework Convention on Tobacco Control in May 2003 .
For better and for worse , NGO 's and network organizations have resources and do not hesitate to use them .
Only close civilian cooperation in intelligence sharing , police work across borders , tracing financial flows , and working to pre-clear cargo manifests and passenger lists can cope with such a threat .
The only way to achieve the type of transformation in the Middle East that the Bush administration seeks is by working with others and avoiding the backlash that arises when America acts as a unilateral , imperial power .
Yet the region has inadequate opportunities for young people to find meaningful work . Unemployment hovers at 20 % .
Corporations , foundations , universities , and other non-profit organizations can promote much of the work of developing an open civil society . Companies and foundations can offer technology to help modernize Arab educational systems and take them beyond rote learning .
Two sets of trends are at work .
Al Qaeda 's network of tens of thousands of people in loosely affiliated cells in some sixty countries gives it a scale surpassing anything seen before .
What would happen to our willingness to live and work in cities , to real estate prices , to museums and theaters if instead of destroying two office buildings , a future attack destroys the lower half of Manhattan or the Left Bank in Paris ?
A better path for the EU is to show that Europe still works .
Given that the insurgency is centered among the Sunnis , this refusal is likely to make it more difficult to establish the security that is necessary for democratic government to work .
Unlike Germany , which repudiated its past aggression and reconciled with its neighbors in the framework of the European Union , Japan has never come to terms with its record in the 1930 's and 1940 's .
Because of the sensitivity of sources and the dangers of disclosure , much of this work is carried out through bilateral arrangements .
The World Health Organization has created a global network of national laboratories that do early detection work , and manages on a meager annual budget of roughly $ 400 million .
A well-run military can be a source of attraction , and military cooperation and training programs can establish transnational networks that enhance a country 's soft power .
The US military 's impressive work in providing humanitarian relief after the Indian Ocean tsunami in 2004 helped restore America 's attractiveness , and enhanced its soft power .
Manufacturing workers and high-tech professionals alike in Europe and America are being challenged by global competition .
The nation-state is not about to be replaced as the dominant institution of world politics , but it will have to share the stage with more actors , including organizations like Oxfam , celebrities like Bono , and transnational terrorist networks like Al Qaeda .
On September 11 , 2001 , a non-state network killed more Americans in a surprise attack than the government of Japan did at Pearl Harbor in 1941 .
Bush has allowed his representative to the six-party talks to meet separately with the North Koreans within the six-party framework , but he failed to provide adequate incentives .
But the Americans used a modest amount of force to remove the Taliban government , avoided disproportionate civilian casualties , and were able to create an indigenous political framework .
That strategy has largely worked .
The Taliban and Al Qaeda networks are re-emerging as political and military threats .
In such chaos , it was difficult to do the reconstruction and development work that could have made Iraqi lives better and attracted support .
Among the political benchmarks are provincial elections , enactment of an oil law that distributes oil wealth in a way that benefits the Sunnis , and reform of the de-Baathifcation policy , which has been so costly to those who worked in the Iraqi government under Saddam .
Some conservatives disliked the crude egalitarianism of American culture , while some on the left saw America 's faith in markets as a symbol of capitalist exploitation of the working class .
Indeed , that is not the way French politics works .
But it will have to learn to work with other countries to share leadership .
None of the proposals suggested thus far is perfect , and many of the details need to be worked out .
Hard power works through payments and coercion -LRB- carrots and sticks -RRB- ; soft power works through attraction and co-option .
In the wake of the UN 's failures to prevent genocide and ethnic cleansing in Rwanda and Kosovo in the 1990 's , Kofi Annan worked with others to persuade governments to recognize a new responsibility to protect endangered peoples .
Hierarchies are becoming flatter , and knowledge workers respond to different incentives and political appeals .
And , in an age of flatter hierarchies and empowered knowledge workers , soft power is likely to increase in importance .
Or , in the words of Army General Wayne Downing , who worked in the White House , `` over the years , the interagency system has become so lethargic and dysfunctional that it inhibits the ability to apply the vast power of the US government on problems .
Ronald Reagan practiced extreme delegation , which worked when he had an able team in place , but turned into a disaster when Donald Regan , John Poindexter , and Oliver North took over .
Barack Obama has experience living overseas and working as a community organizer in Chicago , but not in the executive branch .
And so India really has the capacity , and , we think , the interest , to work with the United States and other partners on a variety of issues of global and regional scope . '' This change began under the Clinton administration and is likely to continue regardless of who is elected president in 2008 .
The `` big man '' type of leader works in societies based on networks of tribal cultures that rely on personal and family honor and loyalty .
Societies that rely on heroic leaders are slow to develop the civil society and broad social capital that are necessary for leading in a modern networked world .
But revelations about the nuclear weapons smuggling network organized by A. Q. Khan , the father of Pakistan 's bomb , confirm the danger I predicted back then .
Some call Khan 's network an effort to spread an `` Islamic bomb , '' but given that North Korea was on the list of recipients along with Libya and Iran , it might better be termed a corrupt bomb .
When Obama attracted a crowd of 200,000 to a speech in Berlin last summer , Republicans criticized him as an elitist who appeals to crowds overseas but not to blue-collar workers at home .
Demands for self-determination in today 's world must be judged on a case-by-case basis that assesses the motives , means , and consequences involved , and that does so in a multilateral framework .
Instead , he worked tirelessly to expand the identity of his followers both by words and deeds .
Networked Leaders CAMBRIDGE -- In an environment of mobile phones , computers , and Web sites such as MySpace , Facebook , and LinkedIn , it is commonplace to say that we live in a networked world .
But different networks provide new forms of power , and require different styles of leadership .
Now he is faced with the question of how to use networks to govern .
Networks come in many shapes and sizes .
Networks based on strong ties produce the power of loyalty , but may become cliques that re-circulate conventional wisdom .
In other words , weak networks are part of the glue that holds diverse societies together .
As leaders increasingly need to understand the relationship of networks to power , they will have to adapt strategies and create teams that benefit from both strong and weak ties .
Hierarchies are becoming flatter and embedded in fluid networks of contacts .
White-collar knowledge workers respond to different incentives and political appeals than do blue-collar industrial workers .
In business , too , networks are becoming more important .
In some cases , one can orchestrate a complex network simply with carefully specified contracts .
In describing the success of the Toyota and Linux networks , the Boston Consulting Group concludes that the hard power of monetary carrots and accountability sticks motivates people to perform narrow , specified tasks , but that the soft power of admiration and applause are far more effective stimulants of extraordinary behavior .
According to Sam Palmisano , the CEO of IBM , hierarchical , command-and-control approaches simply do not work anymore .
They impede information flows inside companies , hampering the fluid and collaborative nature of work today .
In a networked world , leadership is more like being in the middle of the circle and attracting others than being `` king of the mountain '' and issuing orders to subordinates down below .
Barack Obama understands this networked dimension of leadership and the importance of the soft power of attraction .
Not only did he successfully use networks in his campaign ; he has continued to use the Internet to reach out to citizens .
While it is still too early in his presidency to judge the outcome , it is clear that he is attempting to change processes and adapt leadership to a more networked world .
Ironically , however , such a grim prospect would not mean the end of globalization , defined as the increase in worldwide networks of interdependence .
Then there is military globalization , consisting of networks of interdependence in which force , or the threat of force , is employed .
Today , Al Qaeda and other transnational actors have formed global networks of operatives , challenging conventional approaches to national defense through what has been called `` asymmetrical warfare . ''
Even more important , the information revolution is creating virtual communities and networks that cut across national borders , and transnational corporations and non-governmental actors - terrorists included - will play larger roles .
Today 's growing global networks of interdependence are putting new items on national and international agendas ; Americans simply can not solve many of these by themselves .
In a world where borders are becoming more porous than ever to everything from drugs to infectious diseases to terrorism , Americans will be forced to work with other countries beyond their borders .
`` Do '' refers to action and requires both training and fieldwork .
To make this formula work , however , requires a good deal of soft power .
Given today 's agenda , there is enormous potential for an equal partnership , working with others , in the provision of global public goods that will benefit the US , Japan , and the rest of the world .
As a result , South Korea is beginning to design a foreign policy that will allow it to play a larger role in the international institutions and networks that will be essential to global governance .
Markets and economic power rest upon political frameworks : in chaotic conditions of great political uncertainty , markets fail .
Political frameworks , in turn , rest upon norms and institutions , but also upon the management of coercive power .
A communications strategy can not work if it cuts against the grain of policy .
Instead , they advocate diplomacy `` on steroids , '' staffed by diplomats trained in new media , cross-cultural communications , granular local knowledge , and networks of contacts with under-represented groups .
Networked communications , on the other hand , can take advantage of two-way communications and peer-to-peer relations to overcome cultural differences .
The greater flexibility of non-governmental organizations in using networks has given rise to what some call `` the new public diplomacy , '' which is no longer confined to messaging , promotion campaigns , or even direct governmental contacts with foreign publics serving foreign-policy purposes .
It is also about building relationships with civil-society actors in other countries and facilitating networks between non-governmental parties at home and abroad .
In this approach to public diplomacy , government policy is aimed at promoting and participating in , rather than controlling , such cross-border networks .
Indeed , too much government control , or even the appearance of it , can undercut the credibility that such networks are designed to engender .
When asked not about day-to-day governance but about the underlying constitutional framework , the public is positive .
Three-quarters of Americans feel connected to their communities , and say the quality of life there is excellent or good ; 40 % say working with others in their community is the most important thing that they can do .
Its founders believed that a country the size of America is best governed locally , not nationally ... So the basic system works ; but that is no excuse for ignoring areas where it could be reformed , '' such as the gerrymandered safe seats in the House of Representatives and the blocking procedures of Senate rules and filibusters .
The EU 's approach to sharing power , hammering out agreements , and resolving conflict by multiple committees can be frustrating and lacks drama , but it is increasingly relevant for many issues in a networked and interdependent world .
Its lack of vision , divisions , obsession with legal frameworks , unwillingness to project military power , and sclerotic economy are contrasted with a United States more dominant even than Rome ... But the problem is not Europe -- it is our outdated understanding of power . ''
There is always the danger of actions with unintended consequences , especially as both countries can be expected to maneuver to change the framework and reduce their vulnerabilities .
Neither side is in a hurry to break the symmetry of interdependent vulnerability , but both continue to jockey to shape the structure and institutional framework of their market relationship .
In addition , even though studies suggest that the short-term , directly measurable economic benefits at the national level are relatively small , and unskilled workers may suffer from competition , skilled immigrants can be important to particular economic sectors .
In the financial crisis of 2008 , this framework evolved into the G-20 , which boasts a more inclusive membership .
Much of the work of global governance will rely on formal and informal networks .
Network organizations -LRB- such as the G-20 -RRB- are used for setting agendas , building consensus , coordinating policy , exchanging knowledge , and establishing norms .
Networks are not directed and controlled as much as they are managed and orchestrated .
In other words , the network provides power to achieve preferred outcomes with other players rather than over them .
To cope with the transnational challenges that characterize a global information age , the international community will have to continue to develop a series of complementary networks and institutions that supplement the global framework of the UN .
But if major countries are divided , it is unlikely that even network organizations like the G-20 can set the agenda for the UN and the Bretton Woods financial institutions to act upon .
Transnational terrorism can only be confronted by close civilian cooperation such as intelligence sharing , police work across borders , and tracing financial flows .
And , in recent years , China has worked behind the scenes to prevent permanent Security Council membership from conveying great-power status on India .
Each year , India produces about twice as many engineering and computing graduates as America , but The Economist reports that `` only 4.2 % are fit to work in a software product firm , and just 17.8 % are employable by an IT services company , even with six months training . ''
CAMBRIDGE -- According to a United States State Department official , the concept of `` smart power '' -- the intelligent integration and networking of diplomacy , defense , development , and other tools of so-called `` hard '' and `` soft '' power -- is at the heart of the Obama administration 's foreign-policy vision .
Likewise , Switzerland long used mandatory military service and mountainous geography as hard-power resources for deterrence , while making itself attractive to others through banking , commercial , and cultural networks .
By 1900 , it represented only 20 % of world output -- not because something bad happened in Asia , but rather because the Industrial Revolution had transformed Europe and North America into the world 's workshop .
Will it work ?
Even in the era of alleged American hegemony , studies show that only one-fifth of America 's efforts to compel change in other countries through military threats were successful , while economic sanctions worked in only half of all cases .
Markets and economic power rest upon political frameworks , which in turn depend not only upon norms , institutions , and relationships , but also upon the management of coercive power .
It works not by sheer destruction , but rather by dramatizing atrocious acts against civilians .
The terrorists had good information about their targets , while the US before September 11 had poor information about the identity and location of terrorist networks .
The extraordinary implosion of global financial markets may also work to the advantage of the Yes side in a second referendum , because Ireland 's economic future can not be contemplated seriously outside of EU structures .
On the Yes side are all of the main political parties , trade unions , the business community , and a broad network of civil-society groups .
The risk that the judges could rule the ESM illegal played no small part in efforts made in recent months by Chancellor Angela Merkel and President Nicolas Sarkozy to bind the EU to a revised and more intrusive economic governance framework , effected through an amendment to the existing treaties .
In many member states , the ECJ 's decisions have produced a backlash , especially on the left , with trade unions and social movements targeting the Court 's alleged zeal in siding with business over workers interests .
Such a new platform should also be used to work towards structural reform of the international monetary system aimed at reducing its excessive reliance on the US dollar as a reserve currency .
Such reforms should work towards developing a multilaterally agreed multi-currency reserve system or even , in the longer term , a world currency based on the Special Drawing Rights issued by the IMF .
Any new regulatory system should be based on a well functioning network of national and regional authorities -LRB- still missing in the European Union -RRB- and include truly international supervision of financial institutions with a global reach .
For a decade , I have proposed that the IMF of the future should be seen as the apex of a network of regional reserve funds -- that is , a system closer in design to the European Central Bank or the United States Federal Reserve system .
A denser network of institutions seems better adapted to a heterogeneous international community , and it is likely to provide better services and give a stronger voice to smaller countries .
Finally , one major deficiency of the current international financial architecture is the lack of an institutional framework -- i.e. , a court similar to those created to manage bankruptcies in national economies -- to manage debt overhangs at the international level .
For such a program to work , it is essential that developing countries recognize that IMF financing is good `` collective insurance , '' so that their demand for foreign-exchange reserves would decline .
A working group could be established to study other reforms that would enhance global financial stability further and address other global economic and financial objectives .
One advantage of this modest proposal is that it would not prejudice the outcomes of the working group on broader reforms , like new distribution formulas for SDRs .
But this runs counter to `` strengthening the institutional framework on an ongoing basis , '' another recommendation of the guidelines .
An institutional framework implies that CFMs should be part of a country 's permanent policy toolkit , and that regulations are strengthened or weakened depending on the phase of the business cycle .
Most importantly , a policy framework issued by international institutions like the IMF should include a clear mechanism to cooperate with countries using these policies .
In other words , the new IMF framework is welcome , but countries will need the freedom to manage their capital account more than ever in the years ahead .
The major challenge , however , is the difficult work of collecting unwanted devices at the street level , and sorting and coordinating collected items for international distribution and processing .
To work effectively , electronics manufacturers must assume some responsibility for training recyclers , in developing small-scale facilities that can operate at the regional level , and in working with regulators to ensure appropriate safety and environmental monitoring schemes for such operations .
They benefit from broadband network environments , introductions to investors and financial angels , and exposure to each other .
Dalian is becoming a center for software development and Japanese-language back-office work , such as insurance processing and call centers .
We returned to Palestine in 1996 from Saudi Arabia , where my father had been working as a teacher .
The increasing sophistication of the attacks on public buildings has led to speculation that the sect is linked to international terrorist networks , probably Al Qaeda in the Maghreb or Al Shabab in Somalia .
The Joint Operating Agreement guiding the venture , in which the Nigerian government has 55 % equity , stipulates that while all parties share in the cost of operations , Shell prepares the annual work programs and budget .
In the mid 1990 's , the company worked closely with the late dictator , General Sani Abacha , to suppress the Movement for the Survival of Ogoni People , a grassroots environmental and minority rights organization led by Ken Saro-Wiwa , who was later executed by the regime .
Obasanjo 's eight years in office did not resolve Nigeria 's economic and political problems -- key among them a new political framework to fit the country 's social diversity .
Only swift and firm intervention from impartial external parties working in concert with the National Assembly and the courts can avert a looming disaster .
Even if they overcome their reservations and back Ribadu or Buhari , and either candidate goes on to beat Jonathan at the polls , angry Delta youths could respond with fresh violence against oil workers , disrupting production .
The all-powerful PDP , relying on its control of the security agencies , the considerable oil revenues to which the president and his retinue had untrammeled access , and an intricate patronage network radiating through the local councils of Nigeria 's 36 states , seemed set to govern indefinitely .
China would clearly benefit from the US removal of Osama bin Laden and his multinational terrorist network from Afghanistan and might seize this as an opportunity to crack down preemptively on Uighur separatists in China 's southwest regions and other Chinese Muslim dissidents .
While growth has been reasonably stable since EMU started , per capita GDP -- probably the best measure of economic success available -- shows that Europe has lagged other regions , even when the figures are adjusted for workforce size .
Thus , the European Security Strategy , adopted in 2004 , says only that , `` we should continue to work for closer relations with Russia , a major factor in our security and prosperity .
Security initiatives should therefore first be discussed bilaterally within the NATO-EU framework ; only then should a common position be presented at the OSCE .
Shaping the Post-Carbon Economy NEW YORK -- At the end of this year , representatives of the 170 nations that are signatories to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change will meet in Copenhagen for what they hope will be final negotiations on a new international response to global warming and climate change .
If we are to achieve the necessary levels of energy , land , water , and carbon productivity , we must develop an integrated global framework that recognizes resource inter-dependencies .
But democratic transformation in Hungary required an opposition strategy throughout the 1980 's : revolution would n't work , as the Soviet invasion in 1956 showed .
Nor would internal reforms work , because the Soviets would intervene to save the system , as they did in 1968 in Czechoslovakia .
The question for the European elite is whether we believe in the work of the past 20 years , whether we believe in an integrated European market and an ever-widening European Community .
The unemployment rate is 0.7 % , but largely because those who register at labor offices are put to work in community-service jobs paying $ 10-15 per month .
While many pensioners and some workers remain content with life under Lukashenko , young people , and those with the most education and talent , voted against him in December -- and much evidence suggests that he won less than 50 % .
But he risks angering laid-off workers and empowering inefficient crony capitalists , while moving too slowly to satisfy the desires of those who voted -LRB- and took to the streets to protest -RRB- against him .
The price of reform has been high . But all the hard work these states have undertaken to prepare themselves for EU membership may be squandered should they choose to adopt the euro too soon .
A DIT framework would affirm the commitment to disinflation and price stability as the euro candidates struggle with pro-inflationary factors .
The irrelevance of traditional culture explains the growing number of converts in all the recently discovered radical networks . The members of the Beghal network in France were roughly one-third converts .
So , instead of improving their competitiveness , the agreement is likely to increase the number of displaced workers and producers .
With food prices now soaring , most of Asia 's `` working poor , '' who are already struggling on degraded lands , in sweatshops , on streets and at homes , risk further destitution .
Yet the Asian Development Bank -- an institution whose mission is to reduce poverty -- last month approved a new corporate strategy -LRB- ADB Long Term Strategic Framework 2008-2020 -RRB- that is ominously silent on the importance of employment and social protection for the poor .
But that argument is unjustified : while institutions such as the UN and NGOs may work on social development , they are under-funded compared to the ADB .
How many children will miss out on education because teachers are absent due to low wages , or simply because poor children must work to supplement their family income ?
In announcing a new Sino-US joint research effort , Chu described clean energy as `` one of the great opportunities of our time '' for Sino-US cooperation , saying that by `` working together , we can accomplish more than -LRB- by -RRB- acting alone . ''
So it is still far from clear what will actually work to bring about an understanding between the US and China that produces real results .
Of those workers still in the private sector , almost 5 % , or 5.5 million , are employed by global companies whose headquarters are abroad .
Completing the process depends directly and indirectly on how Armenians and Azerbaijan work to resolve the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict .
Some 82 % of employed Manhattanites travel to work by public transit , bicycle , or on foot .
That 's 10 times the rate for Americans in general , eight times the rate for workers in Los Angeles County , and 16 times the rate for residents of metropolitan Atlanta .
China 's pool of licensed drivers is growing exponentially , and India is a decade into one of the largest road-building projects in history , a 3,600-mile superhighway known as the Golden Quadrilateral , which links the country 's four largest cities , plus an extensive network of feeder roads .
After all , Israel is not the United States , and gender can never work as anyone 's sole adjective .
Middle Israel has produced the Livni mindset , but there are many other forces at work .
Even Israelis , they say , should be able to work in a two-party system .
Even the fact that some of the `` humanitarian aid workers '' turned on the soldiers with a rather un-peaceful array of knives and clubs is no justification for shooting to kill .
But I am afraid that something more than stupidity -LRB- though less than plain evil -RRB- is at work here .
With this macroeconomic groundwork laid , greater economic , and soon political , stability followed .
The need for international action , therefore , stems from two important observations arising out of the IPCC 's work .
In Darwin 's Place BERKELEY -- Imagine that , as a young scientist , you spent years collecting information about the foundations of how nature works .
Your academic mentors and the scientists whose works you had read were continuing to stumble over grand problems that now seemed , if not solved , at least soluble .
He 's scooped you on your main idea , although he has n't thought through the implications , or worked out all the other ideas that comprise your theory .
Natural selection as a theory becomes a proposition in play , needing much more work .
In 1992 , he commanded a military base in an Amazon village where coca leaf was grown -- and where Sendero Luminoso guerrillas and drug trafficking bands worked together .
Among Swedish industrial workers , the figure is 75 % in favor .
As competition intensified and production started moving to the Baltic States and Eastern Europe , Sweden 's policy answer was to upgrade the skills of the work force .
Employment rose by 11 % , and blue-collar workers ' wages increased by 24 % , fueling a more than 30 % surge in private consumption .
Entrepreneurs need to face competition in order to develop , whereas individuals who are laid off may have difficulties getting back into productive work .
This never met any criticism from my voters , because educational policy and the social safety net were designed to lower workers ' risk aversion .
That way , economically irrational lock-in effects , whereby workers simply can not afford to change jobs , are avoided .
Furthermore , benefits are generous enough to ensure that short periods of unemployment do n't force workers to sell their homes or even cars .
And , instead of solving all sorts of economically caused private problems , laid-off workers can concentrate on finding new and more future-oriented jobs .
Could the Scandinavian model work for others ?
The EMP evolved in 2004 into the European Neighborhood Policy framework , and in 2007 , the European Neighborhood Policy Instrument -LRB- ENPI -RRB- replaced MEDA as the EU 's main financing mechanism for Euro-Mediterranean policy .
In today 's era of globalization , marked by flexible and mobile production networks , exchange rates affect more than exports and imports . They also affect the location of production and investment .
Just as philosophers are divided on the nature of truth and understanding , economics is divided on the workings of the real world .
A recent Pew Forum study found Europe 's Muslims to be `` markedly less well off than the general population , frustrated with economic opportunities and socially isolated , '' while most American Muslims say that `` their communities are excellent or good places '' to live ; 71 % say they can succeed in the US if they work .
They should be allowed to work .
Huntington sees something sinister at work within Islam - that Islam 's social outcomes reflect , not its level of modernity , but the tenets of its faith .
Our work , however , strongly supports Fukuyama 's theory that cultures and values take a back seat to the level of a country 's modernity in determining its social conditions .
Greece and Turkey also worked together to prevent the war in Iraq from spilling over into neighboring countries .
Greek-Turkish rapprochement has created the framework for closer relations between Turkey and the EU .
At Helsinki in December 1999 , the EU agreed that Turkey must resolve its differences with its neighbors peacefully by the end of 2004 , within the framework of EU and international law ; otherwise , any outstanding dispute would be settled at the International Court of Justice .
We need to highlight , not hide , different views , and see our parties less as `` war headquarters '' and more as bio-diverse think tanks or workshops .
Big issues , such as migration , narcotics , or the environment , no longer fall within a traditional left-right framework .
The nature of capitalist growth requires us to take a more holistic view and work out how we can achieve sustainable development .
We in the former PASOK government instead helped create a more positive framework by declaring our commitment to work for consensus , thereby creating the basis for trust and mutual understanding .
Nowadays , the framework of power itself -- the old-fashioned party hierarchy that takes command of the state or municipality -- is a kind of abuse .
Investors need to be reassured that debt-service costs are under control , and that debt volumes and deficit limits are firmly monitored in order to minimize default risks and strengthen banks ' ability to lay the groundwork for sustainable growth .
A more substantial constraint would be to establish a tougher disciplinary regime on fiscally profligate countries as part of a reinforced institutional framework .
By contrast , a combination of Eurobonds , a fully-fledged debt facility , enhanced powers for the ECB so that it can act as a lender of last resort , and solid economic governance would work .
The eurozone 's cohesion and future growth depend critically on creating a framework -- through grants and loans -- for investment capital to flow to the poorer countries in order to close the competitiveness gap .
Russia 's attempt to drag Georgia into its imperial net started in the summer of 2003 , when the Russian power monopoly United Energy System took control of 75 % of Georgia 's electricity network .
He sees a world in which incredibly tiny self-replicating robots , which he calls `` assemblers , '' will do all the work , guiding chemical reactions by positioning reactive molecules with atomic precision .
These manipulations worked : Oragir was closed down , which forced us to appear under the name Haykakan Zhamanak .
But we never imagined the terrifying lengths to which the state -- working hand-in-hand with the new oligarchic rich -- would go to defeat our cause .
Here in our offices in Johannesburg , we have two Zimbabwean lawyers who fled their country after receiving death threats for their work defending human rights .
Most recently , the Zimbabwean police suspended the work of numerous human rights organizations that were documenting the recent violence .
In the majority opinion in Boumediene v. Bush , Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote that `` Liberty and security can be reconciled ; and in our system they are reconciled within the framework of the law . '' But there is no rule of law left in Zimbabwe -- no habeas corpus and no check on arbitrary state action .
China will work for a global consensus on climate change .
Blind in Gaza and Jerusalem LONDON -- I spent the New Year in Sydney , watching the fireworks above the iconic bridge welcome in 2009 .
Like most recent American presidents , Obama campaigned on a promise to work with his political opponents for the greater good of the country .
So my own hope is that Obama will not be dissuaded from trying to work with his opponents , to build consensus , and to deal courteously even with those whose views he may thoroughly dislike .
I spent part of my life working on the problems of terrorism in Northern Ireland , first as a minister in the early 1980 's and , later , chairing the commission that drew up reform for policing and security in the Province as part of the Belfast Peace Agreement .
The Cost of Dick Cheney LONDON -- George W. Bush has started work on his memoirs .
He believed in capitalism -- or at least in supporting big companies and the rich -- though whether he understood how free markets should work under the rule of law is more doubtful .
Bush 's presidency was discredited and sunk by the man whom he fatally selected to work for him .
But there is another factor at work .
Despite the ubiquitous efforts of Fox News , President Barack Obama dominates , enthralls , and enthuses the audience of American voters -- consumers , workers , investors , one and all .
Would such a decision help turn the tide against the Taliban ? Would it encourage the middle-class professional and urban workers in Pakistan , disgusted by the excesses of the extremists , to dig in and see off fundamentalism ?
Its costs overwhelm workplace health-insurance schemes .
Moreover , a Palestinian state would not only comprise the West Bank and Gaza , but presumably would also have to accommodate the principal political parties in each area . Attempts to destroy Hamas -- whether politically or physically -- have not worked and can not work .
Why should what worked in Northern Ireland -- indeed , what was pressed on Britain by the United States -- be unthinkable in the Middle East ?
And when did a disproportionate military response to terrorism ever work ?
The veteran campaigner for the release of political detainees , John Kamm , argues that this was `` a tipping point '' for the Chinese authorities , and that `` they will have to work themselves out of this in a less hard-line way . ''
We should be on the lookout for political fireworks over the next few years in many European countries as people are forced to confront some uncomfortable verities .
But if the coalition works and lasts , then we will see not so much a political volcano in Britain as a real shift in the tectonic plates .
Life-saving drugs are in short supply , and equipment often does not work because of power cuts or the absence of spare parts .
What may make sense in the vast open reaches of Texas will not necessarily work in rural France or Britain .
In Europe , meanwhile , many of our problems are exemplified by what is happening in France , where President Nicolas Sarkozy 's attempt to recognize demographic and fiscal reality by raising the retirement age from 60 to 62 provoked a wave of strikes and stormy protests from workers and students .
For countries that want such assistance , there is quite a lot of money in the EU 's pockets for this sort of work .
It worked far better than the doubters ever imagined was possible -- indeed , perhaps even better than its progenitors expected .
Other countries argue that it is about disarmament , and that the nuclear countries have clearly agreed to work towards giving up their nuclear weapons .
So when , as a presidential candidate , McCain said that , if elected , he would seek to work with Democrats and independents , and that he would search for consensus , it was easy to believe him .
According to the McCain campaign 's calculus , a political outsider with redneck views would appeal to white working-class voters .
Forget the distraction of trying to create an alternative to the UN -- the so-called `` League of Democracies . '' It wo n't work .
For most of us , the circle is mid-sized , and working out its precise boundaries -- does it include stem cells , for instance ? -- can be a source of anguish and conflict .
Because we have a framework for high-level discussions , we can -- and do -- pick up the phone and talk .
US and Chinese government agencies are working together to address these issues .
We also encourage China 's active participation in the Major Economies Meeting efforts to develop a post-2012 framework for greenhouse-gas reduction .
I am committed to working to maintain economic openness , because it is good for America and for our workers .
Although it attracted some experienced advisers , political pressure for fast results left little time to prepare the groundwork .
Such reforms can work only if the big member states do not succumb to the temptation to use these mechanisms to bypass or ride roughshod over the interests of the small countries .
There seems to be a Catch-22 at work here : introducing the common currency may prompt foreign investment , although this will depend on the ability of the new members to lower their public finance deficits .
The Visegrad initiative worked to some extent , though it was temporarily paralyzed by the disintegration of Czechoslovakia just over a decade ago .
Despite all this pressure , the ruling coalitions in the Poland , the Czech Republic , and Hungary held together , as the historical mission of attaining EU membership worked like a lid on a pressure cooker .
On the contrary , they knew that they would have to do most of the work themselves -- albeit under EU guidance and with the help of EU know-how .
With closely integrated global financial markets and trading networks , financial crises and economic contractions in the developed economies , which still account for nearly 60 % of the world 's GDP , will inevitably undermine emerging-market countries ' prosperity .
Within the framework of this project , we are seeking to halt the dehydration of the Dead Sea , build a joint airport and a joint water network with Jordan , and develop tourism infrastructure , at a cost of up to $ 5 billion .
If the EU wants to continue its state-building efforts in Palestine and contribute to a peaceful settlement , it must find ways to talk to and work with the elected government .
There are no easy mechanics at work here .
The countries of North Africa also need energy -- particularly more electricity and new networks to support urban and industrial development .
Indeed , the availability of uninterrupted electricity often makes the difference between , say , a shoemaker 's workshop and a shoe factory . And these countries have the most suitable environment for solar thermal power production .
Europe , while afraid of illegal migration , needs foreign labor for its own demographic reasons -- not least young engineers , technical staff , doctors , and health-care workers .
As a practical step , the EU and its member states should offer 30,000 visas and work permits annually for graduates from participating Mediterranean countries .
Such a program would include , first , a traineeship in European firms , followed by the opportunity to work in Europe for 5-8 years .
Much work has already been done to re-establish and improve regional relations .
And Europe , with the vital support of the United States , worked hard to stop the carnage of the 1990 's and subsequently to help rebuild the Balkan countries .
In 1847 , the first major structural failure on Britain 's expanding railway network occurred at Chester , England .
However , the force of the wind was grossly underestimated and worksmanship was inferior .
The thirty-year interval between historic bridge failures was first highlighted by the work of Paul Sibly , who wrote a thesis on the subject , and his University of London advisor , A. C. Walker .
But things that work on a small scale do not necessarily work when slightly larger .
Failures always reveal weaknesses and provide incontrovertible evidence of our incomplete understanding of how things work .
I also renewed my support for a subsidy to companies for their ongoing employment of low-wage workers . -LRB- Singapore adopted this idea with enviable results . -RRB-
A conceptual framework -- Imperfect Knowledge Economics -- recently developed by a Center member , Roman Frydman , in collaboration with Michael Goldberg , shows how excessive swings in asset prices arise from market participants ' imperfect understanding of the future rewards of their decisions .
This framework provides a rationale for policy intervention in asset markets , and also has important implications for how regulators should measure and manage systemic financial risk .
Productivity is an important element . Only a high-productivity economy can promise all or most working-age persons a range of careers at high wage rates .
For employees to develop , they must be imbedded in a stimulating workplace , with new problems to solve , harder tasks to be mastered , added abilities to strive for .
A cross-country analysis estimates that university education is good for all three elements of economic performance : the employment rate -LRB- relative to the working-age population -RRB- , the unemployment rate -LRB- relative to labor force -RRB- , and labor productivity too .
This corporatist structure - labor unions , workers councils , employer confederations , and big banks - facilitates direct interventions in economic decision making to give interest groups protection and veto power .
Lack of jobs , for example , often leads people , particularly the young , away from work and into dependency on drugs and crime .
So what these countries need are more employment opportunities and higher salaries in the private sector for these workers .
Specifically , a wage subsidy program that lowers the cost of hiring full-time unskilled workers could make it more attractive for firms to hire them .
At the same time , on-the-job training would make the program attractive to workers and to society as a whole .
By providing domestic firms with wage subsidies for hiring unskilled workers , donors would increase the effectiveness and fairness of their assistance in support of national-led reconstruction and conflict prevention .
This can and must change , but it requires a grassroots movement that uses blogs , online magazines and newspapers , book clubs and meet-up clubs , and anything else that might work to promote educational opportunities to develop critical-thinking skills .
We are also working on doubling the job-creation rate of recent years , with the aim of adding one million jobs in the period 2010-2014 .
China is militarily self-sufficient and needs military cooperation under the SCO framework only in order to free its hands if any conflict should arise that affects its interests .
The Kissinger Associates lobbying group , whose Russian section is headed by Graham , feeds in to the Kissinger-Primakov working group , a quasi-private-sector effort , blessed by Putin , to deepen ties between Russia and the United States .
Kissinger works personally with the Chinese account , jointly propounding with his long-time rival Zbigniew Brzezinski the notion , so seductive for an America growing weary of its imperial burden , of a global Big Two .
The root idea is that such imported laws , once incorporated into domestic legal systems , improve a country 's legal framework and enhance development .
Experience suggests that importing laws and legal standards rarely works well .
Imported legal solutions , it appears , are unlikely to work unless key constituencies - local farmers or business owners , say - support the process of legal transplantation and develop a demand for the legal solutions the transplanted rules offer .
Three factors are at work here :
It may also avoid transplanting solutions that simply wo n't work absent complementary domestic legal rules and institutions .
But this can work only as long as the US does not follow suit and continues to serve as consumer of last resort .
Regulatory capture is at work again , perhaps even more forcefully , because the stakes are higher .
The Fund should propose a conceptual framework for the discussions to be held on exchange-rate problems by providing an objective assessment of the adjustments that are needed , and by facilitating settlement within the multilateral framework .
If European politicians are serious about preventing a schism between population groups , affirmative action is essential -- not only at the workplace , but also for small business loans , home loans , public procurement , and school admissions .
He addressed them as `` fellows , '' just as he had done a few hours before with the autoworkers .
Brazil 's economic success during the Lula years stems from the decision to maintain the previous government 's macroeconomic policy framework , which meant resisting more radical views within Lula 's Workers Party .
Although public investment has been on the rise , the country 's poor infrastructure remains a barrier to higher growth . So , too , are frequent changes of rules and weakening of regulatory agencies , reflecting a disregard for stability and the consequent need to strengthen the country 's institutional framework .
E Pluribus Unum for Europe 's Bank Supervisors STOCKHOLM -- The European Union lacks an efficient supervisory framework for its vast financial industry , and the gap between what is needed and what exists is widening .
To pave the way towards European financial integration , the Financial Services Action Plan -LRB- FSAP -RRB- was launched in 1999 with the aim of creating a regulatory framework for a single financial area .
The current de-centralized supervisory framework , with several independent `` host '' supervisors for subsidiaries and the parent bank 's home supervisor as primus inter pares , is clearly unsatisfactory .
Europe 's financial industry wants a cost-effective , transparent , and competitively neutral supervisory framework that will foster market integration , create greater financial stability , and provide for crisis management .
This would not spell the end of national supervisors , as many national FSAs would likely work as partners of the European supervisor .
Within the ACD framework , Thaksin launched the $ 1 billion `` Asia Bond '' last year in an effort to match Asia 's financial capital with its financing requirements .
Thaksin initially dismissed the violent attacks as the work of bandits . Only late last year did he admit that southern Muslim separatism was the cause .
The rural-urban divide wedded the grassroots rural population to upcountry patronage networks and vote-buying , while elected politicians reaped their rewards through corruption and graft .
For Thailand 's military-political axis and its supporting pillars in the judiciary and bureaucracy , suppressing these voices has become increasingly unworkable .
The ASEAN framework acts as a safety net and mutual commercial interests should ultimately prevail .
There is guesswork involved , but at least it 's been done in a systematic way .
In any case , earlier calculations depended on an even greater amount of guesswork .
Perhaps more importantly , he has turned words into deeds , volunteering at an animal shelter and working with the Humane Society of the United States to oppose dog fighting .
When Intermountain Healthcare , a network of hospitals in Utah and Idaho , improved its treatment for premature babies , it reduced the time they spent in intensive care , thereby slashing the costs of treating them .
But , because hospitals are paid a fee for each service they provide , and better care meant that the babies needed fewer services , the change cost the hospital network $ 329,000 a year .
No one likes putting a dollar value on a human life , but the fact is that we already do , implicitly , by failing to give enough support to organizations working in developing countries .
GiveWell.net , which evaluates organizations working to save the lives of the world 's poor , has identified several that can save a life for under $ 1,000 .
Failure to recognize this works to the advantage of religiously motivated terrorists because all the energy spent on fighting terrorism is spent on repression , leaving legitimate nationalist goals unaddressed and strengthening popular support for terrorism of all kinds .
Between 1995 and 1999 , he chaired a working group on Himalayan Glaciology within the International Commission on Snow and Ice .
What needs to be explored is not the validity of the secular trend , but the nature of the local influences working against it .
But by far the biggest transfer of assets from rich countries to the developing world takes place through migrant workers ' remittances .
Governments in Europe and elsewhere should therefore consider carefully what other forces will be at work if and when migrant workers are sent home .
So they should weigh tax breaks that might entice employers to keep migrant workers on the payrolls , as this would probably be a much more efficient way to support these poor countries .
Cooperatives , credit unions , and new forms of micro-financing could form networks that would ensure greater accessibility .
Such a review of remittances should look into restrictive practices that could be abolished , and ask whether official assistance should be adapted to the needs of this informal yet crucially important aid network .
Deterrence - which works by basic human nature , not through some arcane construct peculiar to the Cold War - can be brought to bear here .
Each crisis exposed weak and ineffective legal frameworks -LRB- often deliberately maintained by politicians -RRB- , inadequate and dispersed supervision , and forbearance policies that only an industry lobbyist could love .
If bankers know in advance that insolvent banks will be closed , and that lobbying to keep them open will not work , they will take fewer risks and the likelihood of their activities giving rise to a full-blown banking crisis will be reduced .
Moreover , the independence of bank supervision typically lags behind central bank independence , and the overall regulatory framework for other financial services , notably insurance , is often even weaker .
But , even as he uttered those words , his administration was working behind the scenes to subvert the will of Pakistan 's people by trying to dictate the composition of their next coalition government and prop up the election 's biggest loser , President Pervez Musharraf .
Many work in fields so specialized that they have only ten colleagues in the entire world , half of whom are their mentors or one-time fellow graduate students .
We rely on external referees for promoting basic scientists , who publish their work in national or international journals .
Most young male faculty members have an obsessive need to work 20 hours a day , seven days a week to make sure that a -LRB- sometimes-illusory -RRB- competitor is beaten to the punch .
He is surrounded by and works with a group of young women he has mentored .
At the risk of sounding simplistic , I ca n't help feeling that working together as a group is an innately feminine tendency .
But most have chosen to work either in a group with their mentors or with their husbands , who often work in the same fields .
Why have these policies not worked thus far in bringing down unemployment , even though the growth recovery is well under way ?
The progressive economist says that stimulus worked , staving off a much deeper recession -- if not worse -- but that the measures were too timid to generate a robust recovery .
Some economists argue that , unlike past recessions , in which workers were temporarily laid off from an industry only to be rehired as the recovery picked up , job losses starting in 1991 were more permanent .
Matters were exacerbated by firms ' postponement until a recession of hard choices about closing unviable plants and shedding workers .
As a result , unemployed workers had to find jobs in new industries , which took more time and training .
The unemployed comprise not only construction workers , but also ancillary workers , such as real-estate brokers and bankers , as well as all those who work on houses , such as plumbers and electricians .
It is hard to believe that any increase in aggregate demand will boost the housing market -- which , remember , was buoyed by visions of steady price appreciation that few seem likely to hold today -- sufficiently to re-employ all these workers .
It will be very hard for them to return to the workforce .
Many workers are unemployed and in danger of being evicted from their homes , while no important banker has been put in jail .
Some economists argue that , unlike past recoveries , when workers who were temporarily laid off were rehired , job losses starting in 1991 were more permanent .
Unemployed workers had to find jobs in new industries , which took more time and training .
So , rather than hire in panic at the first sign of a recovery for fear that they will be unable to do so later and lose sales , firms would rather make sure that the recovery is well established before adding workers .
Moreover , because health-care benefits are often tied to jobs , an unemployed worker also risks losing access to affordable health care .
Short-duration benefits may have been appropriate when recoveries were fast and jobs plentiful , because the fear of losing benefits before finding a job may have given workers an incentive to look harder .
Since the 1970 's , wages for workers at the 90th percentile of the wage distribution in the US -- such as office managers -- have grown much faster than wages for the median worker -LRB- at the 50th percentile -RRB- , such as factory workers and office assistants .
A high school diploma was sufficient for office workers 40 years ago , whereas an undergraduate degree is barely sufficient today .
The deregulation and rapid expansion of banking in the US in the early years of the twentieth century was in many ways a response to the Populist movement , backed by small and medium-sized farmers who found themselves falling behind the growing numbers of industrial workers , and demanded easier credit .
As the power of the Internet spreads through social and political networking sites , and as virtual democracy grows , this bottom-up influence is likely to grow .
It must be seen as an institution that respects each country 's sovereignty but works for the global good .
With the help of some loyal -LRB- and foreign -RRB- engineers and enough new workers to replace strikers , the government kept the oil flowing , securing the resources needed to maintain the loyalty of mercenary forces who would otherwise have gone over to the opposition .
With the rising contribution of services to global GDP , now is the time to reassess the need for travel to work .
Service-sector workers commute daily , only to be present in an environment that has no economic need for them , for they are facilitating information exchange far more than exchange of physical goods .
Whereas the outsourcing phenomenon is attenuating the need for labor migration , domestic migration can be limited further by the use of home offices , which can eventually reduce stress on real estate , public transport networks , roads , and airports .
We now have the technological infrastructure to bring most job-related information to workers while allowing them to collaborate closely .
This requires a lifestyle change -- one that governments should begin encouraging employers and workers to embrace .
Internally , mandatory retirements will soon cost the Agency 50 % of its senior management . Nor has the Agency 's budget kept pace with its increasing workload .
How those sanctions worked in tandem with other forms of pressure provides hope that they may yet help turn Iran around .
But it was the father of Pakistan 's nuclear program , A. Q. Khan -- and his network -- that furnished the technological linchpin : the rudiments for a nuclear centrifuge program . And the Pakistanis added a nuclear weapon design as well .
They must address all aspects of human security , including people 's well-being and safety in their homes , neighborhoods , and workplaces .
But the basic lesson from Western Europe , whose greatest powers , France and Germany , fought three great wars in 70 years , is that the only lasting solution to conflict is to embed neighboring countries in dense networks of economic , political , and security relationships , and in regional institutions that serve their mutual interests .
North and South Korea must begin the work of reconciliation and community-building on their own initiative , as France and Germany did in 1952 .
But with security now mainly in the hands of UN police and Australian and New Zealand peacekeepers , the political process is being given a chance to work itself out .
The finest tribute Filipinos and other freedom-loving peoples can offer to Cory 's memory is for responsible citizens to work towards the vision of an empowered , bountiful future for which she and Ninoy aspired . Irrevocably , their names will forever be intimately intertwined with the peaceful revolution of 1986 which restored our liberty and democracy .
STAR safeguards the flow of goods and people through measures that secure ships , aviation , and travelers -- thereby enhancing cross-border security , customs networking , and protection of corporate supply chains .
In 1988 , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change -LRB- IPCC -RRB- was founded to analyze the issue in more detail , and in 1992 at the Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro world leaders signed a historic treaty : the Framework Convention on Climate Change .
At the same time , we need to invest in our human capital , supporting the development and upgrading of the workforce 's skills and capacity for innovation .
Abstract for a second from the idea of French or German or Italian identity , patriotism , the collective memories of war and carnage that cemented the consciousness of today 's linguistic communities and think of this : why do Europeans need an intermediate level of government , between the common European framework and their local institutions ?
From his perch at Oxford , where he became a fellow at All Souls College , he continued to tell inconvenient truths and remained an intellectual and moral presence in his country throughout its struggles against the oppressive regime , a series of workers ' uprisings , the rise of the Solidarity movement , and the final collapse of the regime in 1989 .
As in Hitler 's Germany and Stalin 's Russia , purveyors of ideas , information , and emotions are the enemy in President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's Iran , especially if the people espousing such ideas happen to work for a foreign organization .
But Tajbakhsh was also a consultant to the Soros Foundation , which , according to Ahmadinejad 's government , has worked against Islam .
That idea is preposterous . In fact , the Foundation 's many contributions to the Islamic world include help following catastrophic natural disasters in Pakistan and Indonesia , providing medical supplies to the Palestinians under blockade , and allowing scholars and intellectuals to learn from each other by translating and publishing works from English into local languages and vice versa .
That is the task of the Intergovernmental Conference , which started its work on October 4th .
Governments of the 15 current member states and the 10 new members will negotiate a Constitutional Treaty that will form the framework for European co-operation in the future .
The Intergovernmental Conference works on the basis of the draft Treaty presented by the European Convention .
The Convention worked in full transparency for more than a year , designing a single , consolidated draft Treaty that was agreed upon by a broad consensus among its members .
Denmark therefore fully supports the Italian Presidency 's aim to complete the work of the Intergovernmental Conference by the end of the year .
At the same time , we must ensure that the Commission can work effectively with 25 or more members .
We suggest that the work of the Commission be concentrated in 15-19 portfolios .
But whether we continue with the current format for the Presidency or introduce a team model , we must consider how the President of the European Council can play a role in coordinating work within the Council .
In order to accomplish this goal , we owe it to ourselves to create a strong , democratic , and transparent framework for co-operation in an enlarged Union .
The big private equity funds have proven to be a menace to healthy companies , to workers ' rights , and to the European Union 's Lisbon Agenda -LRB- aimed at making Europe the world 's most competitive economy -RRB- .
These `` leveraged buy-outs '' leave the company saddled with debt and interest payments , its workers are laid off , and its assets are sold .
A once profitable and healthy company is milked for short-term profits , benefiting neither workers nor the real economy .
Annual profits have since risen to £ 190 million , but 6,000 workers have been laid off and both costs and waiting times for AA members needing its vehicle repair and recovery services have increased .
There will always be ways to strengthen our work so that we provide well-articulated advice based on a clear understanding and the best analysis of each country .
In 2002 , at the Monterrey Conference , the international community agreed on a framework for reaching that goal .
This is one of the most important reforms to the Fund 's work in the 30 years since the surveillance process was designed .
Funders and policymakers who keep up with the relevant research are slowly beginning to introduce more talking therapies -LRB- such as cognitive therapy and trauma-focused counseling -RRB- , more alternatives to hospitalization , more culturally appropriate services , more family-focused therapy and , most importantly , more genuine consultation with service users about what actually works .
If these new treatments are n't used more frequently , this is n't because they do n't work .
This division of labor between the System-I and System-II mechanisms would work well were it not for the fact that our lazy and cheap decision-making mode tends to take over in situations that should command our fullest attention : choosing a pension plan or a health care scheme , for example .
With a neat twist of logic , our cognitive imperfections are turned on their heads , and made to work to achieve System-II choices .
Not even an organized network would be required ; just a fanatic with the mindset of those who now design computer viruses .
Moreover , remittances by Colombians working abroad grew 8 % in 2008 , a surprising result when compared to countries such as Mexico and Ecuador , where remittances have fallen .
Unfortunately , the authorities do not have much margin for error in working to counteract the damage done by the international crisis .
Although Colombia 's government announced a few weeks ago a strategy based on important infrastructure work , its impact will be limited : most of the investment was already in the budget last year , and the officials in charge of public works have consistently demonstrated inefficiency when executing large-scale projects .
The index fund would be similar to the ones held by so many workers today in private pension plans .
But would either of these approaches reduce unemployment most effectively , or would a new round of `` quantitative easing '' -LRB- an unconventional form of economic stimulus by which the central bank purchases financial assets -RRB- work better ?
My work provides a new and coherent approach to macroeconomics that explains how a lack of confidence can lead to persistent unemployment .
Until we are willing to explore new solutions , the misery experienced by millions of unemployed workers will continue .
Quantitative easing works by increasing the value of wealth .
The big losers from this economic disaster are workers in the advanced countries that bought into the laissez-faire flexibility of American-style capitalism .
The unemployment rate at the end of 2009 was above 10 % , duration of joblessness was the longest since the Great Depression , millions had had their working hours cut , and millions more were too discouraged by a lack of jobs to seek work .
Spain , which allows for widespread temporary contracts , has had the biggest increase in unemployment , because Spanish workers can be fired as quickly as those in the US .
Young people seeking their first jobs and experienced workers who lose jobs in a weak job market suffer economic losses that will last their entire lives .
At worst , labor-market failures impose modest inefficiency costs on society , whereas capital-market failures harm society greatly , with workers , rather than the perpetrators of financial disaster , suffering the most .
We owe it to workers victimized by this recession to reinvent finance so that it works to enrich the real economy , instead of enriching only the financiers .
WASHINGTON , DC -- When the member states of the International Criminal Court gather later this month in Kampala , Uganda , for a conference to review the ICC 's work , one issue on the agenda will be whether to amend the Court 's statute to allow it to exercise jurisdiction over the crime of aggression .
Moreover , as a young institution , the Court still has much work to do in effectively investigating and prosecuting the crimes over which it already exercises jurisdiction . Cooperation from member states and the relationship between peace and justice are just two vital issues that require sustained attention at Kampala and beyond .
In the case of the Enola bean , there was nothing at all new : the yellow bean is the result of centuries of collective work and ingenuity on the part of Mexican farmers and indigenous peoples .
In simple human terms , millions of people are alive today because these norms enabled the work of the International Committee of the Red Cross -LRB- ICRC -RRB- .
Perhaps now , humanitarian relief groups can get back to doing their vital but not world-transforming work .
That ca n't happen without increased wages and purchasing power for workers .
Premier Wen Jiabao laid the groundwork four years ago , when he first articulated the paradox of the `` Four ` Uns ' '' -- an economy whose strength on the surface masked a structure that was increasingly `` unstable , unbalanced , uncoordinated , and ultimately unsustainable . ''
The main focus will be the lagging wages of rural workers , whose per capita incomes are currently only 30 % of those in urban areas -- precisely the opposite of China 's aspirations for a more `` harmonious society . '' Among the reforms will be tax policies aimed at boosting rural purchasing power , measures to broaden rural land ownership , and technology-led programs to raise agricultural productivity .
For migration to continue at this pace , China will have to relax the long-entrenched strictures of its hukou , or household registration system , which limits labor-market flexibility by tethering workers and their benefits to their birthplace .
Boosting employment via services , and lifting wages through enhanced support for rural workers , will go a long way toward raising Chinese personal income , now running at just 42 % of GDP -- half that of the United States .
That boils down to only about $ 470 of lifetime retirement benefits for the average Chinese worker .
Unlike the West , where the very concept of strategy has become an oxymoron , China has embraced a transitional framework aimed at resolving its sustainability constraints .
Countries that will receive invitations to join NATO during the Prague Summit will have had years of experience working with the Alliance as partners , notably in bringing peace and stability to the Balkans and Southeast Europe .
Over the past year , as members of The Elders -- a group of leaders formed under Nelson Mandela 's inspiration -- we have been working with a range of partner organizations to send a human rights message to the world through the Every Human Has Rights Campaign .
As someone involved in that process , I feel it is important to put my views on record , as comments I made previously are now being used as part of the effort to undermine Judge Goldstone and his important work .
But he was able to work with the Council 's president to secure an agreement he felt confident would permit the mandate to be interpreted in such a way as to allow his team to address the actions taken by both parties to the conflict .
On the right is Nicolas Sarkozy , the interior minister -LRB- and briefly the economy minister -RRB- , whose political rise took place within the grab-bag framework of the Union for a Popular Movement -LRB- UMP -RRB- .
But , judging from the past , this is not how French politics works .
We already know that there will be media fireworks , but there will be little talk of economic regulation .
But the original Bretton Woods framework was not built in a day ; indeed , the 1944 conference was preceded by two and a half years of preparatory negotiations , which is probably the minimum needed to decide such weighty issues .
The recent G-20 summit occurred with virtually no real preliminary work .
The third task is to focus on real economic activity , end the recession , sustain growth , and , above all , reform the capitalist system to make it be less dependent on finance . Long-term investments , not short-term profits , and productive work , rather than paper gains , need to be supported .
Until that point , America 's pledge to maintain the gold standard was the basis for the global fixed-exchange-rate system , which was the heart of the Bretton Woods framework .
Under such circumstances , the upper middle classes in developed countries increasingly came to look for capital gains instead of improving their living standards through productive work .
Of course , economic principles do not work differently in different places .
For economists , the challenge is to work out the operational implications of these universal principles in specific economies .
Such instances indicate that an attitudinal change on the part of political leaders towards a more market-oriented , private-sector-friendly policy framework often plays as large a role in boosting economic growth as the scope of actual institutional reform .
We need to develop a framework for `` growth diagnostics '' capable of pinpointing where even a little reform can go a long way .
But things have not worked out according to plan .
They need to identify priorities and opportunities , and work on them .
What sets apart the Chinas and Indias of this world is not that they have laid themselves bare to the forces of globalization , but that they have used those forces to enhance their domestic capacities . The benefits of globalization come to those who do their homework .
There is a simple prudential principle at work here : because our ability to monitor and regulate behavior is necessarily imperfect , we need to rely on a broader set of interventions .
As a rule , broad governance reform is neither necessary nor sufficient for growth . It is not necessary , because what really works in practice is removing successive binding constraints , whether they are supply incentives in agriculture , infrastructure bottlenecks , or high credit costs .
So he or she might advocate making the central bank independent in order to reduce political meddling , and changing the framework for managing fiscal policy -- setting up fiscal rules , for example , or allowing only an up-or-down legislative vote on budget proposals .
What works in one setting is unlikely to work in another .
While import liberalization works fine for integrating with the world economy when import-competing interests are not powerful and the currency is unlikely to become overvalued , export subsidies or special economic zones will work far better in other circumstances .
The Spence report reflects a broader intellectual shift within the development profession , a shift that encompasses not just growth strategies but also health , education , and other social policies . The traditional policy framework , which the new thinking is gradually replacing , is presumptive rather than diagnostic .
By contrast , the new policy mindset starts with relative agnosticism about what works .
Rather than comprehensive reform , it emphasizes policy experimentation and relatively narrowly targeted initiatives in order to discover local solutions , and it calls for monitoring and evaluation in order to learn which experiments work .
Rather than offering facile answers such as `` just let markets work '' or `` just get governance right , '' it rightly emphasizes that each country must devise its own mix of remedies .
Although economic globalization has enabled unprecedented levels of prosperity in advanced countries and has been a boon to hundreds of millions of poor workers in China and elsewhere in Asia , it rests on shaky pillars .
It might have worked like a dream -- and until about a year and a half ago , many financiers , economists , and policymakers thought that it did .
His chief economic adviser , Larry Summers , has also been vocal of late on globalization 's adverse impact on workers .
But workers who worry about being laid off are unlikely to go spend , regardless of how much money fiscal stimulus puts in their pockets .
The problem is that economists -LRB- and those who listen to them -RRB- became over-confident in their preferred models of the moment : markets are efficient , financial innovation transfers risk to those best able to bear it , self-regulation works best , and government intervention is ineffective and harmful .
Advanced training in economics requires learning about market failures in detail , and about the myriad ways in which governments can help markets work better .
The Fund is staffed by a large number of smart economists , who lack much connection to -LRB- and appreciation for -RRB- the institutional realities of the countries on which they work .
As many economic historians argue , the trade networks and profits that mercantilism provided for Britain may have been critical in launching the country 's industrial revolution around the middle of the eighteenth century .
For every worker and firm affected adversely by import competition , there is one or more worker and firm expecting to reap the benefits of access to markets abroad .
But the relative docility of rank-and-file workers on trade issues must ultimately be attributed to something else altogether : the safety nets erected by the welfare state .
Today , the country is a remarkable economic power : the world 's manufacturing workshop , its foremost financier , a leading investor across the globe from Africa to Latin America , and , increasingly , a major source of research and development .
The taboo that has attached to capital controls has discouraged practical , policy-oriented work that would help governments to manage capital flows directly .
In view of the sophisticated nature of financial markets , the devil is often in the details -- and what works in one setting is unlikely to work well in others .
With the stigma on capital controls gone , the IMF should now get to work on developing guidelines on what kind of controls work best and under what circumstances .
The history of the world economy shows the trilemma at work .
But once the political franchise was enlarged , the working class got organized , and mass politics became the norm , domestic economic objectives began to compete with -LRB- and overwhelm -RRB- external rules and constraints .
The success of the rescue is far from assured , in view of the magnitude of belt-tightening that it calls for and the hostility that it has aroused on the part of Greek workers .
There is the usual call from international organizations and some economists for `` structural reforms , '' which in this context largely means increasing firms ' ability to fire workers .
Reducing the cost of firing workers will not increase demand for labor much when no one wants to hire new workers .
It would be evident which policies work and which do not , and pursuing the `` right '' policies would be the surest way to restore confidence .
As long as they make money they do not care if they have to eat their words . They simply want whatever `` works '' -- whatever will produce a stable , healthy economic environment conducive to debt repayment .
So he can not be accused of harboring ultra-secularist or ultra-nationalist sympathies . This , along with his inside knowledge of the workings of the police and the prosecutorial branch , give his revelations a credibility that earlier accounts had lacked .
The possibilities of technology transfer through participation in international production networks are greater than ever .
If only all of Malawi 's workers could be employed in mining , Malawi would be as rich as the US !
Of course , mining can not absorb so many workers , so the rest of the Malawian labor force must seek jobs in considerably less productive parts of the economy .
In successful economies , such as China and India , the movement of workers from traditional agriculture to manufacturing and modern services accounts for a substantial part of overall productivity growth , just as Lewis predicted .
Overall productivity in the economy is not helped much when firms become more productive by shedding workers , who end up in informal activities characterized by substantially lower productivity .
But when the adviser believes his work will benefit those whom the leader effectively holds hostage , he has a duty not to withhold advice .
All the real work in corporations is done by skilled immigrants ; Ivy League colleges have adopted the names of their Asian counterparts in order to survive ; the economy is beholden to China 's central bank ; and `` yuan-pegged US dollars '' have replaced regular currency as the safe asset of choice .
The mainstream independent media do not even report the inconsistencies for fear of provoking the government or the Gülen network .
Two-track reform worked well in Deng 's China but not in Gorbachev 's Soviet Union .
It is not that economic principles work differently in different places , or need to be tailored to local conditions .
Manufacturing , on the other hand , can absorb large numbers of workers with moderate skills , providing them with stable jobs and good benefits .
The reallocation of workers to less productive service jobs has cost the British economy 0.5 points of productivity growth every year , a quarter of the total productivity gain over the period .
When manufacturing takes off , it can generate millions of jobs for unskilled workers , often women , who previously were employed in traditional agriculture or petty services .
India 's high-productivity service industries employ workers who are at the very top end of the education distribution .
Ultimately , the Indian economy will have to generate productive jobs for the low-skilled workers with which it is abundantly endowed .
Redundant workers have ended up in worse-performing activities , such as informal services , causing economy-wide productivity to stagnate , despite impressive manufacturing performance .
But if this happens more rapidly than workers can acquire advanced skills , the result can be a dangerous imbalance between an economy 's productive structure and its workforce .
All successful economies are built on thrift , hard work , and individual initiative .
Let the government simply enforce property rights and contracts , and -- presto ! -- markets can work their magic .
Undoubtedly , most of the credit belongs to the initiative and hard work Chinese entrepreneurs and laborers .
Yet the tens of thousands of workers that pencil factories in China employ would most likely have remained poor farmers if the government had not given market forces a nudge to get the industry off the ground .
When the government began to loosen restrictions on raw cashew exports in the late 1980s , workers and employers in these factories took a big hit .
While the World Bank points to the rise in prices as evidence of the gains that accrued to farmers , its opponents point to the processing plants in urban areas which have been shutdown and the thousands of workers who remain unemployed .
In theory , these plant workers should have found alternative sources of employment .
We estimate the annual loss in real income to urban workers to have been around $ 6.1 million , or 0.12 % of Mozambique 's GDP , which is roughly equivalent to the direct efficiency gain generated by liberalization .
The key to securing dynamic gains was a credible commitment to a new pricing regime -- possibly complemented with compensatory programs -- that would have made it worthwhile for farmers , entrepreneurs , and workers to undertake costly investments .
So farmers refused to plant trees , cashew processors refused to take their resources elsewhere , and urban workers refused to look for other jobs .
In some nations , labor greatly influences the firm through politics-i.e. , opposing mass lay-offs and resisting restructuring plans that change the nature of the workplace .
France , for example , is notorious for forcing foreign firms like Britain 's Marks and Spencer to keep redundant workers on the payroll .
Both considerations support concentrated ownership and work against securities markets .
Making finance work should boost economic development significantly .
But that is neither how US firms are owned , nor how US corporate elections work .
It worked : America 's corporate insiders repeatedly pushed the proposal off of the SEC agenda in the ensuing decade .
Even private debt-payment mechanisms via courts did n't work .
Of course , these constraints were at work over previous centuries , before Malthus and Ricardo articulated them , but homo sapiens was able to `` cheat '' by expanding our resource base -LRB- colonialism -RRB- to bring in cheaper resources and food ; by finding substitutes for scarce resources ; and by improving our technology so that the same amounts of land and resources could be used more efficiently .
Just because something worked over the past 200 years does not mean that it will necessarily continue to work .
The IMF is working to fill that gap now . But the austerity charge is misconceived .
Hal had to work longer hours than ever before , and he still had to sharply cut back on household expenditures across the board .
Nor does it help Americans ' mood that they spend far more of their lives working than do citizens in Europe or , these days , even Japan .
Though the next few years are likely to underscore some of the weaknesses that the skeptics highlight , the end will come mainly because other countries will find creative ways to mimic the most effective US institutions , albeit within their own legal , political , and social frameworks .
Has the time come to start laying the groundwork to sustain future growth , especially in poorer regions that have not yet shared in today 's prosperity ?
Transparency in procurement works wonders .
The name itself makes it a winner , and the presidents can enjoy watching the fireworks between suave British spy Bond -LRB- Sean Connery -RRB- and his fetching Russian KGB counterpart Tatiana -LRB- Daniela Bianchi -RRB- .
One could go on forever with possible films , but clearly G-8 movie night might rekindle life in the organization 's moribund framework , and keep it going for many years to come .
It would certainly be more entertaining that the current framework , and , who knows , it might even inspire better policy .
But did it ever occur to anybody how hard Americans must work to make everyone else look good ?
Going deep into debt when you have that much money to spend takes a lot of hard work .
It was hard work engineering a five-trillion-dollar deterioration in America 's fiscal position .
The typical argument one hears is , `` What about the poor guy with the gas-guzzling 1980 Chevy car , who has no other way to get to work ? ''
It is a legitimate point , but if ocean levels start rising , as the Stern Report predicts , a lot of our children will be swimming to work some day .
One hopes that it changes course soon , before we all are forced to wear swimsuits to work .
Thousands of Chinese workers die each year in coal mines that sometimes lack basic safety precautions .
Nowadays , most workers already have legal and statutory rights that cover the basic protections that unions originally fought for a century ago .
Instead , union influence today all too often serves to promulgate inflexible work practices and flat salary structures that do not adequately reward work effort and skill .
But here , too , increasing workers ' legal and statutory rights , while allowing most unions to fade away , seems like the right approach .
But forgiving poor countries ' debts without agreeing on a better framework for future aid flows is an empty gesture .
European banks remain balkanized , with a patchwork of national regulators seeking to promote their own champions .
Keynesian stimulus policies might help ease the pain a bit for individual countries acting in isolation . But if every country tries to stimulate consumption at the same time , it wo n't work .
The historic influx of new entrants into the global work force , each aspiring to Western consumption standards , is simply pushing global growth past the safety marker on the speed dial .
Otherwise , we will be forever trapped in a framework where taxpayers are forced to bail out banks in bad times , while wealthy shareholders reap huge profits in good times .
Now , working for the taxpayer , these same investment bankers will suddenly come up with the magic pricing formula that has eluded them until now .
Certainly , the government must also find better ways to help homeowners and their lenders work out efficient bankruptcy proceedings .
It makes no sense for banks to foreclose on homes when there are workout options whereby people could stay in their homes and banks could recover far more money .
The IMF does not have an adequate framework for handling the massive defaults that could easily attend a huge surge in lending , much less the political will to distinguish between countries that are facing genuine short-term liquidity problems and countries that are actually facing insolvency problems .
Modern finance has succeeded in creating a default dynamic of such stupefying complexity that it defies standard approaches to debt workouts .
Nevertheless , the distinct possibility that stimulus and restructuring may work is further cause to hope that the deepening recession will not morph into a full-blown depression .
As a result , some once-booming Chinese coastal areas now look like ghost towns , as tens of thousands of laid-off workers have packed their bags and returned to the countryside .
Similarly , in Beijing 's Korean section , perhaps half of the 200,000-300 ,000 inhabitants -- mainly workers -LRB- and their families -RRB- who are paid by Korean companies that produce goods in China for export -- reportedly have gone home .
The current safety net approach may work in the short term but will ultimately lead to ballooning and unsustainable government debts , particularly in the US and Europe .
So has all this put chess players out of work ?
ATHENS - -- Even as the European Union and the International Monetary Fund lay the groundwork for a giant first-round bailout , debate is swirling about whether Greece can avoid sovereign default .
These poorer outlying regions are hugely dependent on public-works projects for employment .
Two decades ago , Japanese workers could expect to receive massive year-end bonuses , typically amounting to one-third of their salary or more .
True , thanks to falling prices , the purchasing power of workers ' remaining income has held up , but it is still down by more than 10 % .
The country also needs to find ways to enhance the productivity of those workers it does have .
Even at Japan 's world-beating export firms , reluctance to confront the ingrained interests of the old-boy network has made it difficult to prune less profitable product lines -- and the workers who make them .
These countries need to recognize that if the US and the UK do implement even modest reforms , a lot of capital will flow elsewhere , potentially overwhelming regulatory systems that seemed to work well until now .
You can tell Americans and Europeans that they should rejoice over the boundless cheap goods and cheap credit that trade with Asia has supplied . But all their politicians seem to worry about is how some farmer or textile worker may lose their job .
German workers who make high-end machine tools are proud of their craft , and they do n't want to be told that the same work can be done for much less in Poland and Slovakia .
But putting a price on carbon emissions , more than any other approach , provides an integrated framework for discouraging old carbon-era energy technologies and incentivizing new ones by making it easier to compete .
Gradual global warming is hard enough to notice , much less get worked up about .
Given the massive deleveraging of public - and private-sector debt that lies ahead , and my continuing cynicism about the US political and legal system 's capacity to facilitate workouts , two or three years of slightly elevated inflation strikes me as the best of many very bad options , and far preferable to deflation .
But , even if exchange rates work in mysterious ways , their cushioning effect is undeniable .
The floating exchange-rate system works surprisingly well , but currency volatility and unpredictability look likely to remain an enduring constant in 2011 and beyond .
Yet workers ' share of the pie is falling , thanks to high unemployment , shortened working hours , and stagnant wages .
Yet high and protracted unemployment plagues many less-skilled workers .
Eventually , workers would rise up and overthrow the system .
To resist these powerful pressures , fiscal councils will need to have their work audited periodically by international agencies such as the International Monetary Fund , both to protect their independence and to promote accountability .
Add two billion Indian and Chinese workers to the global labor force , and the value of other means of production -- particularly capital and commodities -LRB- for example , gold and oil -RRB- -- is bound to go up . And so it has , with capitalists everywhere gaining an ever larger share of the economic pie .
Unfortunately , the long-term trend towards ever-lower income shares for unskilled workers is likely to continue over the coming decades , as modern technology permeates the globe , and as emerging markets like China , India , Brazil , and Eastern Europe continue to integrate into global production .
This is not to say that unskilled workers are actually being made worse off by globalization in absolute terms ; the vast majority are actually breaking even or better .
But unskilled workers ' incomes are not keeping pace with overall economic growth , and the resulting social strains are a ticking bomb .
Their most telling complaint is that too little is known about how quantitative easing works , and that the Fed is therefore taking undue risks with the global financial system to achieve a modest juicing of the US economy .
If governments that retain strong credit ratings are to spend scarce resources effectively , the most effective approach is to catalyze debt workouts and reductions .
An analogous approach can be done for countries . For example , rich countries ' voters in Europe could perhaps be persuaded to engage in a much larger bailout for Greece -LRB- one that is actually big enough to work -RRB- , in exchange for higher payments in ten to fifteen years if Greek growth outperforms .
The big rush to jump on the `` Great Recession '' bandwagon happened because most analysts and policymakers simply had the wrong framework in mind .
Acknowledging that we have been using the wrong framework is the first step toward finding a solution . History suggests that recessions are often renamed when the smoke clears .
Analysts who have worked their entire lives only on advanced economies have learned to bet on things going well , because for the couple of decades prior to the crisis , things mostly did go well -- very well .
But analysts accustomed to working on emerging markets understand that such paralysis is very difficult to avoid after a financial crisis .
In the long run , wages would fall , and ordinary workers would end up bearing a significant share of the cost .
The most generous interpretation is that the Commission simply does not believe economists ' estimates and analysis , and views an FTT as more workable than is commonly realized -LRB- a scenario that calls to mind the debate surrounding the creation of the euro -RRB- .
That may work in the short term , but if sovereign default risks materialize -- as my research with Carmen Reinhart suggests is likely -- the ECB will in turn have to be recapitalized .
Whereas some German companies persuaded workers to accept wage cuts to help weather the financial crisis , wages across the southern periphery have been marching steadily upwards , even as productivity has remained stagnant .
Finally , investors might just believe that the eurozone leaders ' latest plan will work , even though the last dozen plans have failed .
Unfortunately , this `` good cop , bad cop '' game does n't work in international politics .
In any case , the Stability Pact 's death means that a new fiscal framework is needed .
Russia and NATO must jointly develop a new security agenda and a more cooperative methodology based on common working groups and joint papers .
The kind of approach that we need is exemplified by the work of the Euro-Atlantic Security Initiative , co-chaired by Sam Nunn of the US , Igor Ivanov of Russia , and Germany 's Ischinger .
Fifth , weak profitability , owing to high debts and default risk , low economic -- and thus revenue -- growth , and persistent deflationary pressure on companies ' margins , will continue to constrain firms ' willingness to produce , hire workers , and invest .
While America 's official unemployment rate is already 10.2 % , the figure jumps to a whopping 17.5 % when discouraged workers and partially employed workers are included .
And , while data from firms suggest that job losses in the last three months were about 600,000 , household surveys , which include self-employed workers and small entrepreneurs , suggest that those losses were above two million .
Moreover , the total effect on labor income -- the product of jobs times hours worked times average hourly wages -- has been more severe than that implied by the job losses alone , because many firms are cutting their workers ' hours , placing them on furlough , or lowering their wages as a way to share the pain .
Thus , a growing proportion of the workforce -- often below the radar screen of official statistics -- is losing hope of finding gainful employment , while the unemployment rate -LRB- especially for poor , unskilled workers -RRB- will remain high for a much longer period of time than in previous recessions .
They live from paycheck to paycheck -- often a shrinking paycheck , owing to the decline in hourly wages and hours worked .
Moreover , income and wealth inequality is rising again : poorer households are at greater risk of unemployment , falling wages , or reductions in hours worked , all leading to lower labor income , whereas on Wall Street outrageous bonuses have returned with a vengeance .
Reform without money on the table does not work , as nervous and trigger-happy investors would rather pull their money out if the country lacks the foreign-currency reserves needed to prevent the equivalent of a bank run on its short-term liabilities .
Only time will tell if this plan will work : i.e. whether Greece will turn out to be illiquid but solvent , conditional on credible fiscal austerity and structural reforms and with the help of large amounts of financial support .
Moreover , all the factors that will lead to a slowdown of growth in most advanced economies in the second half of 2010 and 2011 are at work in Germany and the rest of the eurozone .
Sterilized intervention usually does n't work : if assets in advanced economies and emerging markets remain perfectly substitutable , inflows will continue as long as interest-rate differentials persist .
Waiting to restructure unsustainable debts would only lead to disorderly workouts and severe haircuts for some private creditors .
Moreover , whatever economic growth some of these countries might eventually register is contingent on enacting politically unpopular reforms that will work only in the long run -- and at the cost of even more short-term pain .
Global risk-aversion has also increased , as the option of further `` extend and pretend '' or `` delay and pray '' on Greece is becoming less desirable , and the specter of a disorderly workout is becoming more likely .
The eurozone 's current muddle-through approach is an unstable disequilibrium : kicking the can down the road , and throwing good money after bad , will not work .
Over time , advanced economies will need to invest in human capital , skills and social safety nets to increase productivity and enable workers to compete , be flexible and thrive in a globalized economy .
Because these options can not work , the sole alternative is an exit from the eurozone by Greece and some other current members .
Only such a program can provide workers in advanced economies with the tools needed to compete globally .
While these protests have no unified theme , they express in different ways the serious concerns of the world 's working and middle classes about their prospects in the face of the growing concentration of power among economic , financial , and political elites .
The causes of their concern are clear enough : high unemployment and underemployment in advanced and emerging economies ; inadequate skills and education for young people and workers to compete in a globalized world ; resentment against corruption , including legalized forms like lobbying ; and a sharp rise in income and wealth inequality in advanced and fast-growing emerging-market economies .
Even before the Great Depression , Europe 's enlightened `` bourgeois '' classes recognized that , to avoid revolution , workers ' rights needed to be protected , wage and labor conditions improved , and a welfare state created to redistribute wealth and finance public goods -- education , health care , and a social safety net .
Even structural reform reduces output in the short run , because it requires firing workers , shutting down money-losing firms , and gradually reallocating labor and capital to emerging new industries .
Clearly , the eurozone 's muddle-through approach no longer works .
? a massive direct government fiscal stimulus that includes public works , infrastructure spending , unemployment benefits , tax rebates to lower-income households , and provision of grants to cash-strapped local governments ;
It does not mean banning communally minded madrassas , but rather working toward the day when they are voluntarily abandoned .
While events in Venezuela may look chaotic from afar , they are in fact democracy at work .
Whichever way the vote goes , Venezuela will have shown the region that democracy can work , which is a milestone in a Latin America too often shaken in the recent past by military coups , foreign intervention , and civil wars .
The number of inefficient workers protected by these measures is offset by the number of efficient workers laid off by foreign multinationals responding to political pressures in their home country .
Almost a decade after the start of the ICTY 's work , debate still rages over responsibility for war crimes , with little agreement on even the most basic facts of the conflicts in Bosnia , Croatia , and Kosovo .
As in many parts of the world , it may be several generations before the region 's crimes can be worked through .
By making use of all of its assets , Turkey is contributing to regional stability and peace and working towards a global order based on justice , equality , and transparency .
Today , Turkey is following a policy that represents a sense of justice in the Middle East , and is working toward the removal of artificial borders and walls among the region 's peoples .
Turkey will continue to work toward a just and equitable global order in 2011 and beyond . This is a responsibility emanating from our history , geography , and the universal values that we hold .
Today , most Israelis believe that this step , though justified on strategic grounds in the face of constant attacks by the Lebanese group Hizbollah , convinced Palestinians that violence worked .
Indeed , the only difference between Hamas and al-Qaeda -- though the two groups do not generally work together -- is that the latter emphasizes attacks on Western targets , while the former has until now focused on Israel .
Israel 's willingness to work with Mahmoud Abbas 's Fatah regime and resumption of full-scale aid by the United States are intended to consolidate a relatively moderate Palestinian government on the West Bank .
Unwilling to change or work together , and unable to devise ways of appealing to voters , these once-powerful groups simply disappeared , leaving the AKP largely in control of the conservative electoral base .
Unlike the hard-line secularists , the militants , whose best-known leader is Marwan Barghuti , the head of the Tanzim grassroots grouping in Fatah , are willing to work with the Islamists .
In addition , many liberals , notably in Saudi Arabia , offer to work with the current regimes against the radical Islamist revolutionaries -- an understandable response , but one that strengthens the authoritarian status quo .
The new party -- barely six months old -- has realigned Israeli politics by transforming the entire framework of ideological assumptions underpinning the country 's security strategy .
At the same time , as was seen in Yasir Arafat 's Palestine Authority , a corrupt regime encourages people to turn to radical Islamists , who work hard to present themselves as honest .
Pakistan also claims that the Northern Alliance , part of the anti-Taliban resistance in Afghanistan , is working with India from within Afghanistan 's security services .
Pressure will not work if Pakistan 's leaders believe that their country 's survival is at stake .
Instead , the new US administration should help to create a broad multilateral framework for the region , one aimed at building a genuine consensus on the goal of achieving Afghan stability by addressing the legitimate sources of Pakistan 's insecurity while strengthening opposition to disruptive Pakistani behavior .
Both the subject and style of Rudi 's early work reflected the influence of his thesis adviser , Robert Mundell .
He became one of the outstanding policy economists of our time , displaying the same rare talent demonstrated in his theoretical work : the ability to extract the essence of a complicated problem and explain it in terms that made it appear simple .
He worked on a range of problems , typically the major international and national economic issues of the day , drawing on his knowledge of economic history to illuminate the present .
He fought his terminal cancer for over 18 months , never complaining , always expressing optimism that the latest experimental treatment would work .
His network was dispersed throughout the world and had been attacking American interests for years .
Pakistani scientist A.Q. Khan 's nuclear-proliferation network - which provided lethal assistance to nations such as Libya and North Korea - has been exposed and dismantled .
Over 60 countries are working together to halt the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
Today , as before , the hard work of history falls to America , to our Coalition , to our people .
They would like nothing better than for America and Europe to be at odds , rather than working together .
The arrests of numerous terrorist suspects last month by French and German authorities made clear that no one nation can do the critical work necessary to win the struggle against extremists .
In Iraq , for example , the US military , working closely with the Iraqi government , has sought non-traditional means to provide accurate information to the Iraqi people .
Indeed , the longer it takes to put a strategic communications framework into place , the more the vacuum will be filled by the enemy .
They worked to help focus media attention on America 's commitment to help the Pakistani people .
The Chinese people are educated and talented , and their country has great potential , with high economic growth rates and an industrious work force .
A bit of opportunism is also at work , for they undoubtedly also oppose EU regulation of taxation and social norms , adoption of which would deny them their comparative advantage for Western investors .
One traditional argument for the existence of God , the so-called `` argument from design , '' stresses that organic parts are adapted , and argues that the only way they could have come into being is through the workings of some kind of intelligence .
Science tries to tell us about the physical world and how it works . Religion aims at giving a meaning to the world and to our place in it .
But democratic Conservatism as a world view , as a conceptual framework , and as a way of behaving -- whether in power or as a form of political opposition -- is increasingly difficult to articulate .
Everyone working in these countries -- whether in the private or public sector -- must now place the fight against HIV\/AIDS front and center .
Presidents must pressure their planning , education , and finance ministers to work with the health ministry and other key stakeholders to create a national plan that focuses the government 's energies .
In addition , Africa needs help with anti-malaria medicines , diagnostic equipment , and training of community health workers .
Some reasonable estimates put the cost at around $ 1 billion for an Africa-wide fiber-optic network that could bring Internet connectivity and telephone service across the continent 's villages and cities .
That wo n't work .
Rural populations are growing because poor farm households choose to have many children , who work as farmhands and serve as social security for their parents .
Scientists and engineers who work on climate change stress that governments need to adopt two main responses .
Typically , the poorest of the poor are pushed into the riskiest places to live and work -- and also to die when natural catastrophes strike .
Privately owned newspapers , independent radio and television networks , trade unions , churches , professional societies , and other groups within civil society provide a bulwark against despotism .
Fewer debates over economics would be needed if the world spent more time examining what actually works and what does not .
The Nordic experience also belies conservatives ' claim that a large social welfare state weakens incentives to work and save .
Income levels are higher on average in the US , but mainly because the Nordic countries work fewer hours per week .
Most of Africa 's farmers , working tiny plots , do not produce enough food to feed their families , much less to earn an income .
In my work throughout the world , as an economist and development practitioner , I find that the vast majority of individuals and political leaders of all religions , races , and creeds are ready to work together to achieve the shared goals of prosperity and wellbeing for their children .
Scientists in Europe , the US , Asia , and the Middle East need to deepen their contacts and work together .
Rather than focusing on sanctions , the major powers would do much better to work with Sudan 's government to propose and help to finance long-term development strategies .
If the United States works more closely within the UN framework , it will find willing partners in the rising Asian powers , which are intent on using their influence and resources to solve today 's challenges . After all , Asian countries are interested in global stability to underpin their own long-term development .
Simply restricting the practice of land clearing probably would not work , since farm families and communities would face a strong temptation to evade legal limits .
Aside from banning bottom trawling and establishing a global fund for avoided deforestation , we should designate a global network of protected marine areas , in which fishing , boating , polluting , dredging , drilling , and other damaging activities would be prohibited .
Finally , the world should negotiate a new framework no later than 2010 to slow human-induced climate change .
Finally , recipient countries need to be informed about the year-to-year increases in aid that they can expect , so that they can plan ahead . The increased aid should be directed at building roads , power grids , schools , and clinics , and at training teachers , doctors , and community health workers .
The officials stressed how the government has taken pains to ensure that the power grid and transportation network reaches every village in China .
The Bank also pushed for privatization of national health systems , water utilities , and road and power networks , and grossly underfinanced these critical sectors .
An astounding half-million young woman have recently been hired as health workers to link impoverished households and public clinics and hospitals , which are being improved , and to increase women 's access to emergency obstetrical care in order to avoid tragic and unnecessary deaths in childbirth .
By training community health workers , the NRHM has achieved a marked reduction in newborn deaths in Indian villages .
Various working groups prepare reports by scrupulously reviewing scientific publications .
The review process is transparent and governments are invited to participate by nominating experts to various working groups , reviewing and commenting on IPCC draft documents , and approving final IPCC reports .
The weak and only partly implemented Kyoto Protocol expires in 2012 , and the world requires a much stronger framework , one that sets a strong target for stabilizing greenhouse gases by 2050 by including agreements on ending tropical deforestation , developing high-mileage automobiles , and shifting to low CO2-emitting power plants .
The IPCC proved that science can contribute powerfully to meeting these challenges , and that scientists and policymakers can work together to help solve problems of critical importance for humanity .
Likewise , the unwillingness of major developing countries such as China and India to sign on to a plan also seems to be ending , though considerable work remains to craft a global agreement to which both rich and poor countries can agree .
First , we must stabilize greenhouse gases in order to avoid dangerous human interference in the climate system -- the key goal of the 1992 United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change , the global treaty under which the Bali negotiations took place .
There is considerable and difficult work ahead , but the situation is better as a result of the deliberations in Bali .
Of course , it works only as long as housing prices rise .
Rather than regarding the UN and its agencies as competitors or threats to national sovereignty , they should recognize that working with the UN agencies is in fact the only way to solve global problems , and therefore is the key to their own political survival .
The benefits would be extraordinary , for both Africa and the rich countries , which would be putting their businesses and skilled workers back to work .
The new financing would include direct loans from rich countries ' export-credit agencies to enable poor countries to borrow long term -LRB- for example , 40 years -RRB- to build roads , power grids , renewable energy generation , ports , fiber optic networks , and water and sanitation systems .
This includes an efficient electricity grid fed by renewable energy ; fiber and wireless networks that carry telephony and broadband Internet ; water , irrigation , and sewerage systems that efficiently use and recycle fresh water ; urban and inter-city public transit systems ; safer highways ; and networks of protected natural areas that conserve biodiversity and the habitats of threatened species .
I have seen such solutions in the Millennium Villages in rural Africa , a project in which my colleagues and I are working with poor communities , governments , and businesses to find practical solutions to the challenges of extreme rural poverty .
Government officials also need the skill and flexibility to work with local communities , private businesses , international organizations , and potential donors .
But this remains a small amount compared to military outlays , and an overarching framework to support economic development is missing .
China 's future choices depend on whether `` clean coal '' can really work effectively and on a large scale .
This global framework would underpin national and global targets for emissions control and for monitoring the progress of the technological overhaul .
We need to think hard , and collaboratively , about the world 's real technological options , and then pursue a common global framework that allows us to move into a new era , one based on feasible and sustainable technologies for energy , transport , industry , and buildings .
One cornerstone of the project was `` smallholder farmers , '' meaning peasant farm families in Africa , Latin America , and Asia -- working farms of around one hectare -LRB- 2.5 acres -RRB- or less .
Many of us , notably current UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon , have worked hard to make this possible , with Ban repeatedly emphasizing the special emergency arising from the global food , financial , and energy crises of the past two years .
Now the key is to make this effort work .
Non-financial companies could not get working capital , much less funding for long-term investments .
An early assessment of the stimulus packages suggests that China 's program has worked well .
Haiti 's economy worked badly in the past , and was still reeling from four hurricanes in 2008 when the earthquake struck .
Reconstruction -- of roads , buildings , and water and sanitation systems -- will employ tens of thousands , perhaps hundreds of thousands , of Haitian construction workers , and boost the regeneration of towns .
The World Food Program can help peasant farmers to produce more food in the countryside and then purchase the food to use in food-for-work programs oriented to construction projects .
There should be one overarching framework .
It should work closely with a professional executive team made up of native and diaspora Haitian professionals with relevant expertise .
Great scientific minds have learned over the course of many decades to `` read '' the Earth 's history , in order to understand how the climate system works .
Those who stay in school end up marrying much later , perhaps in their early to mid-twenties , entering the workforce , and having 2-3 children .
Connecting kids around the world in shared on-line curricula , and facilitating `` social networks '' of kids around the world at an early age , will yield far-reaching educational benefits .
Today 's understanding of Earth 's climate and the human-induced component of climate change is the result of extremely difficult scientific work involving many thousands of scientists in all parts of the world .
Everybody knows how American-style hyper-consumerism can destabilize social relations and lead to aggressiveness , loneliness , greed , and over-work to the point of exhaustion .
Bhutan 's Buddhist tradition understands happiness not as attachment to goods and services , but as the result of the serious work of inner reflection and compassion toward others .
In France , Nicolas Sarkozy 's government has tried to regain popularity with the working class by deporting Roma migrants , a target of widespread hatred and ethnic attacks .
The result of the deliberations is a new framework for the G-20 's engagement with the rest of the developing countries , known as the Seoul Development Consensus for Shared Growth .
Rather than pushing their households to consume more , the G-20 should work harder to channel these savings to the poorest countries in order to finance urgently needed investments in infrastructure .
By channeling the savings of China , Germany , Japan , and other surplus countries into infrastructure investments in the poor countries , the world 's economies truly would be working in harmony .
They want to slash the budget not by ending the useless war in Afghanistan , and by eliminating unnecessary weapons systems , but by cutting education , health , and other benefits for the poor and working class .
With their backs against the wall , I predict , poor and working-class Americans will begin to agitate for social justice .
These powerful forces , many of which operate anonymously under US law , are working relentlessly to defend those at the top of the income distribution .
The problem for the rich is that , other than military spending , there is no place to cut the budget other than in areas of core support for the poor and working class .
Obama rightly emphasized that competitiveness in the world today depends on an educated workforce and modern infrastructure .
And this includes only young people actually at work or looking for work .
China 's low-paid , reasonably productive manufacturing workers and high-quality infrastructure -LRB- roads , power , ports , and communications -RRB- has set the standard for competitiveness globally .
As a result , low-skilled workers in Egypt , the US , and other countries must either raise their productivity enough to compete at a decent wage , or accept extremely low pay or outright unemployment .
That requires equipping workers with a good education , strong on-the-job training , and supportive infrastructure .
In these countries , public education is excellent , and the transition from school to work often involves programs like the apprenticeships for which Germany is especially famous .
But , as the rich have successfully pressed for tax cuts and reductions in government spending , children from poor and working-class households are far less likely to receive a high-quality education , and the US government has failed to provide for training or adequate infrastructure .
The result is a growing youth unemployment crisis among poor and working-class youth .
And they must work together to deepen regional trade integration , thereby creating a much larger market .
It has provided the institutional framework for reuniting Western and Eastern Europe .
It is a workload that boggles the mind , and demands the round-the-clock commitment of the Secretary-General and his team .
The challenges of poverty , resource depletion , climate change , and human rights will dominate Ban 's second term , and the work of those who will follow him as Secretary-General .
Far too little has been accomplished since , and , behind the scenes , Ban is working relentlessly to clear the bottlenecks and avert climate disaster .
When Ban travels to Africa 's impoverished regions , he mingles with villagers and recounts his own upbringing amid the poverty and deprivation of Korea in the 1950 's -- and how , by committing itself to hard work , education , modern science , and shared values , South Korea became one of the world 's richest and most successful countries .
In high-income countries , notably the US , Europe , and Japan , the biggest losers are workers who lack the education to compete effectively with low-paid workers in developing countries .
Hardest hit are workers in rich countries who lack a college education .
Such workers have lost jobs by the millions .
For 30 years , the US has been going in the wrong direction , cutting the role of government in the domestic economy rather than promoting the investments needed to modernize the economy and workforce .
Of course , many other factors are at work , but television-driven social atomization should not be understated .
Successful approaches around the world include limits on TV advertising , especially to young children ; non-commercial , publicly-owned TV networks like the BBC ; and free -LRB- but limited -RRB- TV time for political campaigns .
But something more than bad luck and self-fulfilling prophecies are at work .
Capital markets work well if investors understand the future profit streams of alternative investments and then channel savings to the most promising of them .
The fourth kind of mishap occurs when investors lack a framework for evaluating the long-term value of an asset , such as a currency .
The main lesson of modern economic history is that we live in a globally networked economy .
The key economic responses to September 11 must therefore bolster the framework of globalization , recommitting governments worldwide to its success by making it work for all nations , including the poorest .
In coordination with other countries aggressive actions should break down terrorist networks -- disrupting their finances , freedom of travel and shipments of weapons .
As the center of a global network of production , trade , and finance , the United States surely has the greatest stakes of all in the success of globalization .
US leadership to preserve the peaceful connections of a networked global society is the true foreign policy calling of the 21st century .
Rich countries seem only to intervene when it is too late , rather than working seriously to head off crises and collapse in the first place .
Part of the slowdown relates to the terrorist attacks of September 11th , but it is becoming clear that America 's economy , and other economies linked to the US through trade and production networks , were sliding into recession before September .
The UN will play a central role in the reconstruction of a working government in that country , and in coordinating humanitarian assistance for the Afghan people .
Consider one example : the number of children per woman in society , known as the `` total fertility rate . '' In societies where women are not allowed to work and are expected to remain home and raise children , the number of children is very high .
Importantly , rich countries are committed to working with the poorest countries to meet these objectives .
An alternative approach , giving positive inducements to a tyrant to leave office , might work in some circumstances .
International banks in Argentina should work with the Government to restore banking functions within days , not months .
With banks reopened , a currency that works , and suspension of debt servicing , some short-term IMF loans could boost confidence and help the country overcome its crisis of confidence .
The modern world economy is built upon a complex network of global economic connections , and those connections are directly threatened by war .
As we stand at the brink of war , it is urgent that the hard job of making globalization work for all gets started .
Many in the Bush Administration point to its work in this region as a showcase for how they will reshape the Middle East .
This is what network theorists call `` self-organizing '' behavior . As each unit took its own steps , these local actions were communicated to the rest of the world through Web sites that tracked and disseminated global plans , as well as offering information , advice , and encouragement .
That dynamic is still at work .
In these circumstances , gradual confidence building will not work .
The Roadmap to Peace can work only if both sides are pressed to a real compromise , whose outline is clear : Israel 's return to something like its pre-1967 borders ; financial compensation of Palestinians for losses of land in Israel , rather than a right to return ; and Jerusalem as a shared capital .
Economic development in today 's global economy depends on each country being integrated into the worldwide network of production , trade , and investment .
International organizations have cut back or eliminated their work in the country , and much bilateral foreign aid has been eliminated , too .
The poison of terrorism has now ripped into the humanitarian work of the UN , with the tragic bombing of its Iraq mission 's headquarters .
In the end , it will squander human lives -- such as the brave and dedicated workers of the UN -- not to mention hundreds of billions of dollars .
The US is not in a position to pacify Baghdad or to protect the UN or others that work alongside an occupying army , even those working in humanitarian activities .
Rather than defending the truly heroic work of the UN , Malaysia 's Government correctly called on the US to leave Iraq .
The US promised action to fight man-made climate change as a signatory to the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change -LRB- UNFCC -RRB- in 1992 .
The UN process worked .
It is far more rational to spend a little extra income now for a few years of schooling than face decades of social costs resulting from masses of uneducated adult workers !
Military approaches alone will not work , because the root of the problem is the vulnerability of poor , hungry people to the prophets of hate .
In the face of an immense tragedy , working class families around the world opened their wallets to the disaster 's victims .
This opposition extends to Christian evangelicals voters , who tend to live in working-class and middle-class households that depend on many kinds of government social services .
However , a small but increasing number of conservative thinkers - while not democrats - advocate a more pragmatic and conciliatory approach , essentially adopting the language that once worked so well for the now-beleaguered reformists .
If the Green Movement is to mount a serious challenge to the government it must incorporate support from bazaar merchants , workers in major industries , transportation unions , and government workers .
For patients , diagnostic classifications provide the framework for understanding their own and others ' disease processes .
Both organizations have included diverse representation on their working committees , invited input from `` outsiders '' to the professions and collaborated with related institutions and organizations in preparing their classification revisions .
The details for implementing our proposal need to be worked out by Nigerian politicians .
Leaders in Tehran , Riyadh , Washington , and other key capitals must realize the costs of further mismanagement , step back from the brink , and work toward cooperative solutions before it is too late .
There is much speculation about the reasoning behind the government 's decisions in May to dismiss the pro-Hezbollah chief of airport security and investigate Hezbollah 's private telecommunications network , which sparked the confrontations .
The East Asian tigers invested heavily in education , and it paid off in terms of a capable and modern workforce .
He argued that the indictments would probably be based on cell-phone records , and that Israeli agents had penetrated the Lebanese cell-phone network .
Given today 's trends , a loose East Asian trade bloc revolving around China -LRB- more likely than Japan -RRB- could emerge alongside US-led and EU-led blocs , all interlinked by a cross-regional patchwork of bilateral and `` plurilateral '' FTAs .
However , if the global trade framework institutionalised in the WTO advances , especially through multilateral , non-discriminatory liberalisation in the present Doha Round , the new regionalism will probably turn out to be benign .
Ultimately , the Reform Act of 1832 abolished the rotten boroughs and extended the franchise to the new middle class -LRB- the working class and women would have to wait -RRB- .
But , in the coming decade , today 's established middle class will be swamped by newcomers working their way up from the country 's slums , small towns , and villages .
One can see them everywhere -- learning English in `` coaching centers , '' working anonymously in the new malls and call centers , or suddenly famous as sports stars .
China is aging very rapidly , and its working-age population will begin to shrink within a few years .
Thus , China will have to withdraw an increasing proportion of its female workforce and deploy it for reproduction and childcare .
Even if China can engineer this , it implies an immediate outflow from the workforce , with the benefits lagging by 25 years .
Germany , Japan , and Russia already have declining workforces .
The United States is one of a handful of advanced countries with a growing workforce , owing to its relative openness to immigration .
Thus , many developed countries will have to consider how to keep people working productively well into their seventies .
India , the only large economy whose workforce will grow in sufficient scale over the next three decades , may partly balance the declines expected in other major economies .
However , while Pakistan 's progressives oppose militarism and violence in principle , religious fundamentalists have no compunction in resorting to violence to reinforce their point of view - thus posing a threat not just to General Musharraf , who has survived at least two assassination attempts , but also to human rights workers .
Concrete provisions must be included in the new treaty to reform the EU 's institutions in order to ensure the capacity to negotiate an energy security framework with third countries .
The EU should also negotiate a framework document in the context of the next Partnership and Cooperation Agreement negotiations in order to clarify the obligations contained in the Treaty , in particular its Transit Protocol .
This would be analogous to the role the Commission plays in promoting the Trans European Networks for road and rail communications .
Likewise , they have the right to work and be treated on an equal basis with others vis-à-vis recruitment , hiring , promotion , and salary .
This does not necessarily lead them to work solely for the public good .
`` The current system is n't working , '' the Sydney Morning Herald quoted him as saying .
Overall , countries that had implemented at least one regulatory change that made the investment framework less welcoming in 2006-2007 accounted for some 40 % of world FDI inflows during that period -- an impressive figure that demonstrates that something very dubious is afoot .
One result of all this is that the relative number of working-age individuals between 15-64 who pay the taxes to support pensioners is declining much faster in the industrial world than in developing countries , where populations remain young and grow rapidly .
The number of working-age Japanese will thus fall sharply , bringing the ratio of workers to retirees to about one .
Estimates suggest that Japan would need 10 million immigrants per year until 2050 just to maintain the ratio of workers to pensioners that it had in 1995 !
Navigating Lebanon 's Political Minefield On the face of it , the donor conference of Western and oil-rich Arab nations in Paris this week merely continues the work of two previous multilateral conferences in 2001 and 2002 , aimed at helping Lebanon to rebuild its infrastructure after years of civil war and Israeli occupation and to tackle its massive debt .
How much the Chinese know about the inner workings of North Korea 's policy-making and power structure , and how much influence they can have , are uncertain .
As we open ourselves to the wind 's of globalization , we must also strengthen the local institutions that foster social ties and identity , such as the family , local and regional communities , religious communities , and the tradition of voluntary worker solidarity - all which have been neglected in recent years .
Several members of the Gulf Cooperation Council have already expressed an interest in working together with NATO , so we are off to a good start .
All 26 NATO nations are now , as an Alliance , working together to respond to the Iraqi government 's request for support : by training Iraqi security forces , by providing equipment , or by helping to fund NATO 's efforts .
This is a unique framework for profound transatlantic political consultation and effective military cooperation .
And it works -- but it can do more .
A `` floating population '' -LRB- dispossessed rural workers who have moved to the cities to find work -RRB- of between 100-150 million is growing by almost 5 % annually , representing the largest migration in human history .
What would the government rely on for legitimacy if unemployed workers begin agitating ; if angry peasants begin to besiege local government office in large numbers ; if factionalism incites a crisis in leadership ; conflict erupts in the Taiwan Straits ; or the global economy remains sluggish ?
Why , when they share common economic interests - one million Taiwanese live on the Mainland , working in some 50,000 firms in which Taiwanese have invested over $ 400 billion - does China aim 500 short-range missiles at Taiwan ?
But , there is another dynamic at work .
But , without a broadly consistent approach , the authorities risk creating a legal patchwork that would make cross-border banking less efficient , more expensive , and more difficult to conduct .
In that case , banking will become more like other industries that have benefited themselves and their customers by evolving into truly global networks .
Several national networks and consortia have already developed models for estimating the breast cancer risk in women with a positive family history .
The EU 's German Presidency , which I know shares the `` ambitious '' view of the Treaty , is working hard on finding a way out of the deadlock at this month 's European Council .
But the bilateral deals that have emerged from this race sometimes come at the expense of other Union members , and may unbalance relations within the Union as a whole . Only a rules-based EU framework can provide a firm foundation for both bilateral and Union-wide relations with Russia .
Soon after this incident , the highly effective Jordanian intelligence service began assisting the Iraqi government in going after the al-Qaeda network in Iraq .
Slowly but surely , throughout 2006 and 2007 , Jordanian intelligence , working with Iraqi Sunni tribes , chipped away at al-Qaeda .
Although the conscious part of your brain knows that the tickling sensation comes from you and is n't `` really '' unexpected , the cerebellum does n't get it , and the tickling works .
An agreement should contain provisions to improve the business environment -- its transparency and predictability -- by setting a framework for state intervention without stripping government of its prerogatives .
Other analysts point to the increasing returns that accompany greater concentration of investment -- a force that works to the disadvantage of poor countries .
In fact , a genuine commitment to poverty reduction implies working with these countries . They are home to 70 % of the population that lives on less than $ 2 a day , facing massive unemployment , gross inequalities , lack of infrastructure , regional imbalances , and a litany of other challenges .
The Bank should be able to work with them in the absence of sovereign guarantees , and increase its loan offerings in local currencies , since these partners can not afford currency risk .
Development agencies and environmentalists must thus urgently work toward the convergence of development and conservation priorities .
It manages simultaneously to fleece the people of six poor countries and to put US workers in harm 's way .
In principle , workers can seek remedies by joining a union and bargaining collectively .
In Guatemala , the largest economy , less than 3 % of workers are unionized and their unions are marginal .
Instead , countries are committed only to enforcing their own labor laws , which often seem designed to prevent workers from joining a union .
A trade agreement such as this puts US and Central American workers in the same labor market .
They could just as easily take the high road : much evidence indicates that workers who are rewarded rather than victimized can contribute to greater competitiveness for firms in the long run .
It is hypocritical to promote democracy and then sign a trade agreement that denies workers the basic democratic right to organize and join unions .
The checks and balances that unions provide are essential in the workplace , but they are even more important in sustaining fledgling democratic regimes .
But now we know that the containment regime worked .
It worked against Libya , leading Muammar Khadafi in the late 1990 's to stop sponsoring terrorism , turn over the Lockerbie bombers for trial , and pay compensation to British and French victims of Libyan-sponsored terrorism .
Kennan maintained that the US should work to create a world that no one can dominate , and that the best way to spread democracy is to demonstrate its superiority .
Indeed , Taiwanese capital and know-how built much of China 's hi-tech industries , and well over a half-million Taiwanese live and work near Shanghai in a virtual replica of Hsin Chu , Taiwan 's Silicon Valley .
Close to 38 million people died of starvation and overwork during the infamous Great Leap Forward -LRB- 1958-61 -RRB- to catch up with the West .
Without quality education , there can not be a quality work force , and without that , no country can hope to compete in a world where the march of globalization can not be stopped .
We do not grow up wishing to work for crooks and liars .
Yet we need to set to work on a plan for deploying a viable multinational force to help secure peace there , or at the very least sustain its people .
We will now see how Hu uses that framework -- and thus what imprint he leaves on the bilateral relationship -- in meeting the current challenges .
The EU works with either non-EU states , such as NATO members like Canada , Norway , and Turkey , or applicants for EU membership .
The success or failure of the Constituent Assembly will rest on whether the presumptive winner , the Communist Party of Nepal -LRB- Maoists -RRB- , will work collaboratively with the other parties rather than trying to push its own agenda exclusively .
They object to vast differences in wealth and think large accumulations of it must be the product of theft , not work and risk .
Chinese officials hired Stanford University professor James Fishkin to draft a representative sample of citizens from Zeguo for an assembly using keypad polling devices and handheld computers to decide how the city should spend a $ 6 million public-works budget .
But broader application of these tools has accelerated with the advent of new information technology , which also allows us to apply these tools without undermining people 's incentive to work .
After all , science is a form of enterprise , requiring a sophisticated organization of resources and workers , an adventuresome attitude , and a willingness to take risks for possibly great rewards .
Problems remain , however , in making newly established peer-review systems work well .
They want to figure out how they can compete with Chinese or Indian workers who have the same , or better , education .
The emerging countries are doing nothing more blameworthy than working towards their place as equals alongside advanced countries .
That is how markets work .
Speculative pressures are likely to have been at work , influencing the decisions of OPEC and many others .
We live in an age of financial capitalism , and the only intelligent way forward -- for unions and other workers ' associations -- is for these bodies to help their members make increasingly sophisticated use of the tools of risk management .
In the United States , the Labor Department reports that in 2003 , 14 % of US workers in firms with 100 or more employees were offered stock options .
Unions and workers associations are the natural vehicles to monitor such behavior , but they must invest in the expertise to do so effectively .
Moreover , the risks to pension funds may correlate with risks to other economic factors affecting specific groups of workers .
Local unions need to be involved , for the issues involved are specific to companies and workers , and can not be resolved by governments alone .
Indeed , the essence of labor unions is that they know the unique problems of a distinct group of workers , bring focused expertise on these problems , and thus intelligently represent their interests .
In today 's complex financial economies , representing workers ' interests is not so simple as battling with management for a bigger share of the pie .
Unions should instead negotiate with management the same way top executives do with their boards of directors when their complex compensation packages are worked out .
Unfortunately , instead of learning how to think in financially sophisticated ways , we still see labor unions in Europe and elsewhere dwelling too much on job security for working people .
But making it difficult for firms to lay off workers provides only an illusory benefit for workers , for it compromises companies ' ability to compete , and weakens their incentive to create jobs .
That is how advanced risk management works , as financial professionals know .
In 1999 , we co-founded a firm , Macro Securities Research , LLC , to promote the development of such institutions , working with the American Stock Exchange to create securities that would allow people to manage real estate as well as other risks .
Early this month , the Chicago Mercantile Exchange announced that it will also work with us to explore the development of futures markets in US metropolitan-area home prices .
In November 2004 , the European Investment Bank -LRB- EIB -RRB- , working with the private bank BNP Paribas , announced that it would issue the world 's first long-term longevity bond .
Similar work is underway in Africa , led by the World Bank and in Central America various countries ' governments are collaborating with the Inter-American Development Bank and the Central American Bank for Economic Integration .
At the same time , the application of risk-management technology , insurance , and finance requires little of stretched foreign-aid budgets : a relatively small number of office workers , cell phones , and computers .
One of their examples showed that Japan 's GDP per worker more than tripled relative to Argentina 's from 1960 to 1985 , because Japan , unlike Argentina , invested heavily in new machinery and equipment .
In short , the more equipment and infrastructure a country is installing , the more its people have to work with .
John Maynard Keynes once said that monetary policy may work like a string .
To be sure , we still sympathize with people who , upon reaching middle age or later , find themselves replaced by lower-paid workers in another part of the world , if not by a computer or a robot .
For example , the US wage insurance program is confined to manufacturing workers over age 50 who are in competitively vulnerable industries and are deemed by the Secretary of Labor to have nontransferable skills .
In reality , however , losing a high-paying job may be a lifetime event , and the supposed retraining that wage insurance would encourage for a laid-off 50-year-old worker often may be ineffective .
This , in turn , would give workers a tangible warning and an incentive to anticipate job losses before they occur .
Indeed , for the future , it is imperative to think about many new ways , involving both government and the market , to ensure that we manage better the greatest personal risks now faced by workers around the world .
Indeed , the most important benefit of NAFTA for Mexico is that it represents a long-term commitment among the three member countries to work together .
It was also a time when many Mexicans were abandoning their economy and leaving to work in the US . The situation would have been even worse had this safety valve not been in place
Mexican autoworkers earn three times as much as Chinese autoworkers .
On the contrary , as in postwar Germany , it is a matter of pride that one is working hard through a difficult situation that will later be remembered as a historic transition .
The article claimed that the change raised costs by forcing British construction workers to perform more of their jobs in relative darkness .
Peter Tufano , a finance professor at Harvard Business School , has quietly been doing nonprofit work with the foundation he created , Doorways to Dreams , to help low-income people improve their financial prospects .
The employers initially trusted the employees to work hard without specific incentives , and quickly learned that , without such incentives , many employees would shirk .
Employees learned in the experiments that employers largely could be trusted to give such bonuses as a reward for hard work , even though no one could hold them formally accountable if they selfishly refused .
Although he does want to make the French labor market less rigid , he would block foreign takeover bids of French companies and protect Airbus workers from possible job losses .
To be sure , Sarkozy is right to note the enormous risks that workers and their communities face in this rapidly globalizing world . But putting this problem center stage should not mean protecting existing jobs come what may .
But something more may be at work .
Vivid images have stuck in people 's minds from that episode : long lines of cars at gas stations , people riding bicycles to work , gasless Sundays and other rationing schemes .
We saw how we must learn to work together , to love each other . ''
Sinn shows that the combined effects of the German tax and social welfare system virtually guarantee that no breadwinner in a family with two children can end up with less than ¤ 1,500 a month , even without working at all .
In effect , Germany is telling its unskilled not to bother working .
With such a hurdle to hiring workers , no wonder industry is reluctant to locate in the East and the region is supported by subsidies equal to 45 % of its gross product .
Young people will better understand from their own experiences that taking responsibility for their economic lives pays off , that submitting to hard work and short-run risks is often wise and rewarding .
A New York-based firm , the Assura Group , has been working for four years on a plan to launch privately issued supplemental unemployment insurance to anyone .
There are often regulatory barriers to converting farmland into urban land , but these barriers tend to be thwarted in the long run if economic incentives to work around them become sufficiently powerful .
Likewise , a search of working papers produced by central banks and economics departments in recent years yields few instances of `` bubbles '' even being mentioned .
The work of Duke neuroscientists Scott Huettel and Michael Platt has shown , through functional magnetic resonance imaging experiments , that `` decision making under ambiguity does not represent a special , more complex case of risky decision making ; instead , these two forms of uncertainty are supported by distinct mechanisms . ''
Financial innovators might not incur these costs if they expect that others will copy their ideas at little or no cost to themselves as soon as they are shown to work .
Patents work well to promote creativity when innovation involves high costs for the innovator and low adoption costs for everyone else .
But patents work poorly when an invention depends on many small sequential innovations .
The scandal erupted with the publication in 1906 of Upton Sinclair 's novel The Jungle , a bestseller that detailed the experiences of a Lithuanian immigrant family working in America 's meatpacking industry .
The Treasury secretary is part of the president 's team , and works next door to the White House .
The public in much of the world now understands that central bankers will be allowed to do their work without interference from politicians .
The paper , `` After the Fall , '' was written by economists Carmen Reinhart and Vincent Reinhart . Their work draws upon a recent book that Carmen Reinhart co-authored with Kenneth Rogoff , entitled This Time Is Different : Eight Centuries of Financial Folly .
There seems to be the germ of a new economic theory in the work of the Reinharts and Rogoff , but it remains ill defined .
Most companies are no better at managing or even recognizing the different kinds of economic risks that their workers face .
Many maintain insurance and pensions for their employees , but also encourage their workers to trust the company to provide for them forever , and even to invest in the company 's stock .
Whereas agreements require hard work on both sides , the Americans are having a difficult time negotiating their country 's domestic political obstacles in time to engage effectively with China .
Because both countries want to avoid being blamed for scuttling a global agreement , they will work together to make their modest plans look as substantial as possible and promise to do more after Copenhagen .
In fact , both sides should be working to recalibrate their bilateral imbalances : Americans should spend less and save more , and Chinese should spend more and save less .
As a result , the summit will most likely produce sincere pledges to work together to stimulate the global recovery and adjust the two sides ' economic imbalances -- but not much more .
The US and China could work together to organize managerial and development training for North Koreans and encourage the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund to start providing technical advice .
Hu and Obama will work hard to present an image of unity during the summit .
Unfortunately , the two policies have often worked at cross purposes , diminishing America 's long-term influence in the region and at times hurting its ability to conduct the war .
As a result , the Putin era has become utterly sterile , producing no great works of science , literature , or art .
Moreover , Russia 's efforts to gain monopoly control of the gas pipeline networks across Eurasia pose a direct danger for China , because monopolists can not only gouge their consumers , but also shut off supplies for political purposes , as Russia has done repeatedly over the past two decades .
He rejected Wahhabism -- the ideological framework of the jihadists . But he maintained that Islam is an essential part of the Chechen tradition and presented himself as a leader who fully understood this .
Dealing effectively with political instability in Africa requires two things : the political will of key states to underwrite the democratic process , and strong regional institutions to provide a legal framework reflecting the principles underpinning states ' behavior .
Regional institutions can entrench themselves only if their members promote adherence to the spirit and letter of their legal frameworks .
By one estimate , with a long term , predictable , and equitable post-2012 global regulatory framework for curbing greenhouse gas emissions -LRB- when the Kyoto protocol expires -RRB- , carbon markets could develop exponentially and deliver financial flows to developing countries of anywhere between $ 20 and $ 120 billion dollars\/year .
The World Bank is keen to work with partners to experiment with such a facility for avoided deforestation .
Serious , exemplary work has already been done to outline local , national , and global solutions .
Education ministries in Brazil , Uganda , and throughout many parts of the developing world know what works .
This was the reasoning behind the Polish-Norwegian initiative aimed at addressing the issue of tactical nuclear weapons within the larger arms-control framework that was launched in this past April .
In order for that to happen , Russia 's leaders must come to view missile defense as an opportunity to work together to address common threats , rather than a threat in itself .
Ratification of New START will increase mutual trust and show that the West and Russia , despite our disagreements , can work together on issues critical to our common security .
I told them that we considered the TNC to be our new legitimate political interlocutors in Libya and were ready to support them , but that in return we expected the TNC to work towards the best standards of transparent democratic government .
Where possible , we work closely with India , Russia , Pakistan , the Gulf states , and other key international partners .
Above all , we should be grateful to the police forces and intelligence agencies whose unflagging hard work and dedication far away from the public eye help keep us safe .
When dealing with the EU , member states usually aim for arrangements and regulations that ensure cooperation within agreed-upon frameworks .
The provisions in the chapter on democratic principles , which concern the EU 's institutions and procedural functions , lay the groundwork for a system that is more open to public debate on EU policies .
It both sets the normative framework for EU policy and establishes institutions and procedures for policies on border controls , asylum , reception of migrants , and cooperation between judicial and police authorities .
The work of researchers like Jane Goodall , Diane Fossey , Birute Galdikas , Frans de Waal , and many others amply demonstrates that the great apes are intelligent beings with strong emotions that in many ways resemble our own .
Instead of having more time for leisure , they spent more time at and commuting to work . They were more often in moods that they described as hostile , angry , anxious , and tense .
We evolved from beings who had to work hard to feed themselves , find a mate , and raise children .
For 50 years , Buffett , now 75 , has worked at accumulating a vast fortune .
Perhaps , as Kahneman 's research would lead us to expect , Buffett spent less of his life in a positive mood than he would have if , at some point in the 1960 's , he had quit working , lived on his assets , and played a lot more bridge .
But , in that case , he surely would not have experienced the satisfaction that he can now rightly feel at the thought that his hard work and remarkable investment skills will , through the Gates Foundation , help to cure diseases that cause death and disability to billions of the world 's poorest people .
Defenders of privacy have worked , with some success , to prevent insurance companies from requiring genetic testing before issuing life insurance .
Instead , it will be the outcome of parental choice and the workings of the free market .
After her death , his father , a villager who grows vegetables and gets other work when he can , was unable to care for him , and placed him in an orphanage .
Joshua Greene , a philosophy graduate now working in psychology who has recently moved from Princeton University to Harvard , studied how people respond to a set of imaginary dilemmas .
Greene 's work helps us understand where our moral intuitions come from .
As the administrator of the US Agency for International Development , Tobias implemented the Bush administration 's policy that requires organizations working against HIV\/AIDS to condemn prostitution if they are to be eligible for US assistance .
That policy has been criticized for making it more difficult to assist sex workers who are at high risk of contracting and spreading HIV\/AIDS .
I swim for exercise , and I time myself over a set distance to give myself a goal and encourage myself to work harder .
Celebrities , his work was saying , have replaced religious figures .
She championed the sick and marginalized , and her work for a ban on landmines , while sometimes ridiculed as politically naïve , drew worldwide attention to the issue .
That remark may have been a bitter payback for the role Spencer believed the media , and the paparazzi who worked for them , played in Diana 's death , but it was not without truth .
He estimates that while treatment may cost £ 750 per patient over two years , the result is likely to be an extra month of work , worth £ 1880 .
Wang 's team conducted a randomized controlled trial that showed that depression screening -- to find workers who could benefit from treatment -- was cost-effective , reducing health insurance costs to employers , decreasing absence due to sickness , and increasing job retention and productivity .
Many recent studies show that spending time relaxing with family and friends contributes to how happy people are with their lives , while long working hours , and especially long commuting times , contribute to stress and unhappiness .
You want to donate money to a charity that is working to reduce the toll .
If , for example , an agency working to reduce poverty in Africa cuts staff with expert knowledge , it is more likely to end up funding projects that fail .
So Karnofsky and Hassenfeld got together with six friends who also worked in finance and divided up the field to find out which charities could be shown to be effective .
Some foundations said that information on their work 's effectiveness was confidential .
This , Karnofsky and Hassenfeld thought , is not a good way to go about charitable work .
However , it soon became apparent that the task required more than part-time attention , and the following year , after raising $ 300,000 from their colleagues , Karnofsky and Hassenfeld left their jobs and began working full-time for GiveWell and its associated grant-making body , The Clear Fund .
Perhaps for this reason , many organizations , including some of the best-known anti-poverty organizations working in Africa , did not respond to GiveWell 's request for information .
Equal rights for women -- not simply suffrage , but also working outside the home or living independently -- was still a radical idea in many countries .
What McCain and Obama Ignore PRINCETON -- Barack Obama worked for three years as a community organizer on Chicago 's blighted South Side , so he knows all about the real poverty that exists in America .
He has also pledged tax cuts for medium and lower-paid workers , and improvements to America 's education system .
Then , having demonstrated his good faith , he and European leaders should be able to work out a deal that will bring China and India into whatever agreement replaces the Kyoto protocol when it expires in 2012 .
If the recession cuts deep in the developed nations , many workers will lose their jobs .
In the newspaper Le Figaro , a section on how to scale back one 's expenses predicted a `` revolution in values '' and claimed that people will put family ahead of work . -LRB- Americans think the French , with their shorter working hours and longer summer vacations , already put family ahead of work . -RRB-
Fifty years ago , American chicken farmers found that by keeping their birds in sheds they could produce chickens for the table more cheaply and with less work than by traditional farmyard methods .
Only an anorexic would resolve to eat ice cream at least once a week , and only a workaholic would resolve to spend more time in front of the television .
That view is supported by recent scientific work showing that much of our behavior is based on very rapid , instinctive , emotionally based responses .
In Rwanda , a group of community health workers making less than $ 200 a month raised $ 7,000 for Haiti .
Still , many people profess to believe that poverty is the result of not working hard enough , or of having too many children .
At the beginning of December , Hwang disclosed that some of the eggs came from two women working in his lab , and that other `` donors '' had been paid for their eggs -- a breach of ethical guidelines that had nothing to do with the accuracy of the science .
At the time of this writing , he still defends the validity of his work , while admitting `` human errors '' in the preservation of the stem-cell lines , including contamination by a fungus .
If they are fully informed of the risks , and are still willing to fly -- perhaps the crew has been offered more money , as workers in dangerous occupations often are -- should we prevent them from making the decision to fly ?
At a more practical level , Venter said , the team 's work has produced `` a very powerful set of tools '' for redesigning life .
But the work has taken 20 scientists a decade to complete , at an estimated cost of $ 40 million , and commercial investors are an obvious source for such funds .
-LRB- Obviously , given the damage caused by the BP spill in the Gulf of Mexico , there is still some work to be done on that particular organism . -RRB-
Moreover , thanks to the hard work of Oxfam America and the Publish What You Pay coalition , the law also requires oil and mining companies -- both US and foreign -- that want to raise capital in the US to disclose their payments to the governments of countries in which they operate .
According to Diamonds and Clubs , a recent report from Partnership Africa Canada , soldiers have press-ganged peasant farmers into working in mining syndicates at Marange . The soldiers then take half the proceeds .
The Rapaport Group , an international network of companies providing services to the diamond industry , refuses to list Marange diamonds on its diamond-trading platform , RapNet .
Karlan discussed his work with colleagues at Yale .
Chua would reply that reaching a high level of achievement brings great satisfaction , and that the only way to do it is through hard work .
Indeed , a digital universal library would be even better than any earlier thinker could have imagined , because every work would be available to everyone , everywhere , at all times .
Most of the works held by those research libraries are still in copyright .
The central issue is this : how can we make books and articles -- not just snippets , but entire works -- available to everyone , while preserving the rights of the works ' creators ?
Just as inventors are given patents so that they can profit from their inventions for a limited time , so , too , authors were originally given copyright for a relatively short period -- in the US , it was initially only 14 years from the first publication of the work .
For most authors , that would be enough time to earn the bulk of the income that they would ever receive from their writings ; after that , the works would be in the public domain .
Robert Darnton , Director of the Harvard University Library , has proposed an alternative to Google 's plans : a digital public library , funded by a coalition of foundations , working in tandem with a coalition of research libraries .
Darnton 's plan falls short of a universal library , because works in print and in copyright would be excluded ; but he believes that Congress might grant a non-commercial public library the right to digitize orphan books .
The universal public library could be allowed to digitize even works that are in print and in copyright , in exchange for fees paid to the publisher and author based on the number of times the digital version is read .
Tucker was working with a colleague to design a refuge that could save thousands of lives if -- or rather , when -- a tsunami like the one in 1797 that came out of the Indian Ocean , some 600 miles southeast of where the 2004 Asian tsunami originated , strikes again .
True , those walls did not work as well as had been hoped , but Japan was nonetheless much better prepared for a tsunami than Padang is .
GeoHazards International is therefore working on a more practical idea , which it calls a Tsunami Evacuation Raised Earth Park -LRB- TEREP -RRB- .
After 20 years of operation , the organization remains tiny , especially when compared to organizations like the Red Cross , which primarily do disaster relief work .
What we gain from Parfit 's work is the possibility of defending these and other moral claims as objective truths .
The motion followed the release of undercover footage , obtained by Animal Defenders International , of a circus worker repeatedly beating Anne , an elephant .
He pointed out that when ideas first come into the world , they are likely to be woolly , and in need of more work to define them sharply .
The interviews recorded both subjective factors , such as how satisfied respondents are with their lives , and objective factors , like standard of living , health , and education , as well as participation in culture , community vitality , ecological health , and the balance between work and other activities .
Drug trafficking , money laundering and economic crimes are areas where the two countries are already working together , for there is now greater understanding of their respective positions , and also shared interests , on these issues .
Indeed , the US holds the `` Khan network '' responsible for helping Iran start its own nuclear program .
And the ongoing failure to talk to North Korea does not appear to be working either , as the recent shelling of South Korea demonstrates .
While blue-collar workers incur income losses , their losses will be overcompensated by the gains of landowners , capital owners , entrepreneurs and white collar workers .
If immigration countries suffer from chronic unemployment because wages are overly generous and rigid , as seems the case in most West European countries , migrants who find work will simply displace nationals from their jobs .
If workfare replaces welfare , wages will become more flexible enabling EU labor markets to absorb immigrants more efficiently .
Given that immigrants usually enter countries that redistribute resources from above-average to below-average incomes , such benefits are likely even if immigrants work and pay taxes and social security contributions .
Immigrants could come and work , pay taxes and social contributions , and gain free access to the public goods of the host country .
Politicians and lawyers may dislike this solution , because it undermines the EU 's principle of social inclusion for employment and resembles arrangements that currently apply to EU citizens who live in other member countries without working there .
In Germany , Europe 's largest economy , the government 's share of the workforce is only 12.2 % .
Nevertheless , it might be better to let the market decide what kinds of products the low-skilled and less motivated part of the workforce should and could reasonably produce , which speaks for the American way of subsidizing wages .
Whereas the average number of working days lost due to strikes from 2000 to 2004 amounted to 234 per 1,000 employees in Spain , 171 in Canada , and 101 in France , only 3.5 days were lost in Germany .
If the GDL gets a higher wage settlement than achieved in the general wage agreement for all railway workers , the general agreement will become invalid -- an outcome that the railway management can not accept under any conditions .
In the sub-prime crisis , a similar phenomenon was implicitly at work , with banks speculating that they were too big for governments to let them fail .
More than 800,000 East Europeans have become workers in the United Kingdom over the past four years , most coming from Poland .
Because Germany still restricts the immigration of dependent workers from eastern EU countries , most of its immigrants come as self-employed or economically inactive people .
To be on the safe side , host countries often try to limit immigration to skilled workers , because they join segments of the labor market in which sufficient downward wage flexibility provides immigrants with additional jobs .
In most research disciplines , European-born `` superstars '' work and teach in the US rather than in Europe , and , according to a study by Gilles Saint-Paul , it is the superstars in particular who generate growth and prosperity for a country .
Germany even has short-time allowances that enable companies to reduce their employees ' working hours , with the loss in earnings partly reimbursed by the state .
Moreover , huge waves of migrants from developing countries to OECD countries challenge the assimilation capacity of the latter and deprive the former of its educated work force .
And according to an NBER working paper by Efraim Benmelech and Jennifer Dlugosz , 70 % of the CDOs received a triple-A rating even though the MBSs from which they were constructed had just a B + rating , on average , which would have made them unmarketable .
According to OECD statistics , pensions in Greece , available after only 15 years of work , reach an incredible 111 % of average net incomes .
By contrast , in Germany the average pension level is about 61 % of average net earnings for people who have worked at least 35 years .
But this is not true . Budget discipline will work only insofar as it drives the country into a depression and induces a real devaluation through a reduction in wages and prices , which is option two .
This system has worked quite well since the nineteenth century , even though -LRB- or because -RRB- it involved a substantial number of state bankruptcies .
The public is upset about top managers ' salaries and the fact that big German companies fire workers despite record profits .
He accused entrepreneurs who outsource production to low-wage countries of showing excessive greed and lack of social responsibility , and he compared the managers of international equity funds to a plague of locusts that occupy companies , exploit them , and move on after their destructive work is done .
International equity funds stepped in , providing companies with urgently needed liquidity while disentangling the traditional ownership network . Germany , Inc. is on its last legs .
Starting with extremely low wages and an underdeveloped currency , German workers succeeded in competing against the world .
Ludwig Erhard 's liberal economic approach worked and the socialist ideas found in the party programs of the Social Democrats and Christian Democrats were forgotten .
Only after the Iron Curtain 's fall and the establishment of market economies in ex-communist countries did the lack of competitiveness of German workers become apparent .
As a result , these labor-intensive sectors must release a lot of labor and capital , which push into the capital-intensive export sectors that are better able to cope with high wages . But , while these sectors therefore grow especially fast , their high capital intensity means that they can not fully employ the released labor , with the result that some of the unemployed workers have nowhere to turn but the welfare state .
Unless and until German workers accept the need for greater flexibility in the face of global competition , export profits will continue to be invested abroad , reducing overall production costs -- and reinforcing the bazaar economy at home .
However , this prohibition does not apply to people who are self-employed or not working . Such people already enjoy full freedom of free migration today .
While the directive 's rules governing migration of employed and self-employed people hardly differ from previous EU law , the migration and social-welfare rights of non-working EU citizens have been significantly extended .
If the home country were to remain responsible for welfare services to non-working immigrants , the erosion of West European welfare states that the theory of systems competition predicts could be halted .
After years of official denial , that horrifying incident triggered awareness that terrorism does exist in Indonesia and that Indonesia 's home grown fanatics are connected to a global terrorist network .
The document , `` Al-Qaeda In Southeast Asia : The Case Of The `` Ngruki Network , '' is an exhaustive review of reliable public data , and identifies a handful of individuals with possible direct or indirect links with Al-Qaeda .
The good news , however , is that the ICG finds no evidence of an extensive Al-Qaeda network in Indonesia .
These groups are fed up with how radicals have smeared Islam in Indonesia , and they are beginning to work together to challenge the extremists head on .
A fund that works like this sends a strong signal that the government is committed to sound long-term finance .
When a positive technological `` shock '' raises real wages , people will work more , causing output to surge .
In the face of a negative `` shock , '' workers will increase their leisure , causing output to fall .
Equivalent advice today would be that governments the world over are doing all the wrong things in bailing out top-heavy banks , subsidizing inefficient businesses , and putting obstacles in the way of rational workers spending more time with their families or taking lower-paid jobs .
John Maynard Keynes wrote that `` practical men who believe themselves to be quite immune from intellectual influences are usually the slaves of some defunct economist . '' Most of today 's crop of economists are not defunct , but continue to work in the ideological vicinity of Chicago .
Frameworks for how governments should make public spending transparent or how foreign resource-extracting companies should report their profits would make yardstick comparisons easier for local political activists , as well as providing a source of legitimacy for the government .
Considerable evidence indicates that integration could be beneficial for Africa as well , given a framework suitable for African conditions .
The inescapable information deficit obstructs all those smoothly working adjustment mechanisms -- i.e. , flexible wages and flexible interest rates -- posited by mainstream economic theory .
Treasury reformers have shirked the challenge of working out the implications of this crucial insight .
If there are less people working today than yesterday , it is because more people have decided not to work .
A more sensible view is that today 's economy is not producing as much as it could and that there are many more people who want to work than there are jobs available .
To Chicago economists , an increase in the number of idle workers represents a voluntary choice for leisure .
But they insist that the only stimulus that will work is printing money . This will drive down interest rates and lead to an economic rebound .
But the attack on it will never succeed unless policy Keynesians like Krugman are willing to work out the implications of irreducible uncertainty for economic theory .
Hours of paid work would fall to three a day -- a 15-hour week .
This enables us to work out how much Keynes thought was `` enough . '' GDP per head in the United Kingdom in the late 1920 's -LRB- before the 1929 crash -RRB- was roughly £ 5,200 -LRB- $ 8,700 -RRB- in today 's value .
Most likely he took as his standard of sufficiency the bourgeois rentier income of his day , which was about ten times that of the average worker .
We might therefore have expected hours of work to have fallen by about two-thirds .
This makes it highly improbable that we will reach the three-hour working day by 2030 .
But he underestimated the weight of relative needs , especially as societies got richer , and , of course , the power of advertising to create new wants , and thus induce people to work in order to earn the money to satisfy them .
Keynes did not entirely ignore the social character of work . `` It will remain reasonable , '' he wrote , `` to be economically purposive for others after it has ceased to be reasonable for oneself . ''
But the goal of global poverty reduction has imposed a burden of extra work on people in rich countries , both through the commitment to foreign aid and , more importantly , through globalization , which increases job insecurity and , particularly for the less skilled , holds down wages .
Some of the most respected banks have been exposed as perpetrators of moral fraud : hence the demand for a new regulatory framework .
It has often been claimed that capitalism rewards the qualities of self-restraint , hard-work , inventiveness , thrift , and prudence .
The problem is not just the moral inadequacy of the economic virtues , but their disappearance . Hard work and inventiveness are still rewarded , but self-restraint , thrift , and prudence surely started to vanish with the first credit card .
It does not conform to our moral intuition that a CEO should not be paid 500 times the average wage of his workers , or to our belief that if someone 's market-clearing wage is too low to support life , he should not be allowed to starve to death .
As our societies have become richer , we have come to believe that everyone is entitled to a minimum standard , whether in work or sickness or unemployment , which allows for a continuing level of comfort and flourishing .
Workers bargain for money wages , and a reduction in their money incomes might leave total demand too low to employ all those willing to work .
Yet today most economists model unemployment as `` voluntary '' -- a rational preference for leisure rather than work .
This reinforces the idea that `` stimulus '' can not do any good , since workers have as much employment as they want .
Unless we start discussing economics in a Keynesian framework , we are doomed to a succession of crises and recessions .
Putin 's view is that democracy results from a modern economy , a kind of reward for hard work .
Despite many financial crises and defaults , this creditor-debtor relationship worked , on the whole , to the benefit of both sides .
They typically admit that free trade costs jobs , but claim that re-training programs will fit workers into new , `` higher value '' jobs .
It was now considered healthily Promethean to turn wealth into money and put it to work to make more money , because by doing this one was benefiting humanity .
Capitalism would have done its work , and the profit motive would resume its place in the rogues ' gallery .
His intention is quite clear : `` Man 's active nature , flagging , seeks too soon the level ; Unqualified repose he learns to crave , Whence , willingly , the comrade him I gave , Who works , excites , and must create , as Devil . ''
Ferguson snazzily summarizes the reasons for this reversal in six `` killer apps '' : competition , science , property rights , medicine , the consumer society , and the work ethic .
So the challenge now is to formulate policies to provide work for all who want it in economies that , as currently organized , may not be able to do so .
This makes it attractive to employers , but it is low-productivity work , and it increases the difficulty of finding steady employment for the majority of a country 's workforce .
Is the future one in which jobs are so scarce that many workers will have to accept a pittance to find any employment , and become increasingly dependent on social transfers as market-clearing wages fall below the subsistence level ?
The answer , surely , is work-sharing .
To the Anglo-American economist , any such proposal is anathema , because it smacks of the dreaded `` lump of labor '' fallacy -- the idea , once popular in trade-union circles , that there exists only a certain amount of work , and it should be shared out fairly .
Then we would require only a certain amount of work -- much less than we perform now -- to satisfy all reasonable needs .
The choice would then be between limitless technology-driven unemployment and sharing out the work that needed to be done .
Only a workaholic would prefer the first solution .
The key element in any such approach is to separate work from income .
A Danish law enacted in 1993 recognizes a right to work discontinuously , while also recognizing people 's right to a continuous income .
Danish unions have managed to use such statutory individual rights to reduce the working hours of entire company workforces , and thus increase the number of permanent jobs .
And , as I suggested above , all schemes aimed at easing the burden of work and increasing the amount of leisure risk falling victim to our genius for conjuring up new disasters .
And , if a person became indebted , it was a point of honor to repay the obligation when it fell due , by selling assets , reducing consumption , working harder , or some combination of the three .
In response , a wave of protests spread to universities around the country , often supported by young workers .
The Solidarity movement of the 1980 's and the peaceful overthrow of communism was , in large measure , the work of their generation .
Within a year , Polish workers were striking for the right to establish independent trade unions , staging two weeks of sit-ins at state-owned factories to achieve their goal .
The movement united ten million people : workers and professors , peasants and students , priests and freethinkers among them -- all of civil society .
For the next seven years , Solidarity fought for re-legalization , building the biggest underground network of resistance Europe had seen since Hitler 's war .
If it does , Pakistan 's lawyers will be able to return to the courtrooms , and Pakistani citizens will have another chance to make democracy work .
The gas turbine was conceived at the beginning of the twentieth century , but its first working prototypes -LRB- both stationary and for flight -RRB- came only during the 1930 's , and began to be rapidly diffused in the 1950 's .
But will such restrictions work ?
Pay for all of these groups has increased by much more than pay for the average worker .
Given this reality , the best bankers , traders , dealmakers , etc. will work for companies that provide the most attractive compensation .
Mrs Megawati 's challenge is to keep these Islamic parties firmly within Indonesia 's conventional political framework .
We must learn a new grammar of power in a world that is made up more of the common good -- or the common bad -- than of self-interest or national interest . These have n't disappeared , of course , but they are proving to be indefensible outside of a framework capable of addressing common threats and opportunities .
In this context , the next meeting of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change -LRB- UNFCCC -RRB- , set for the end of November in Durban , South Africa , is passing totally unnoticed .
A substantial lack of information in this field is another reason why the free market does n't work .
Europe 's security services are working closely together within the Counter-Terrorist Group , and Europol 's Counter-Terrorist Task Force has been re-established .
A high-level group on border and transport security is at work , and links between member states ' police chiefs are strengthening .
Member states also need intelligence derived from ongoing casework , not to inform policy , at least not directly , but to disrupt and dismantle networks and prevent attacks .
Europol is performing a similar function with material derived from police work , and we are working to ensure synergy between these two efforts .
Aside from security and intelligence efforts , we must also work to deny `` oxygen '' to the terrorists .
For example , EULEX Kosovo is the largest EU mission to date , with some 2,000 staff , working in the police and judicial system and in mobile customs teams .
We have made a real difference in Africa , helping , for example , to provide a secure environment for elections in the Democratic Republic of Congo and protecting refugees and aid workers from the fall-out of the Darfur crisis .
The US is not waging a war against terrorism ; it is at `` war against a specific network , al Qaida , and its affiliates . ''
In order to guarantee national security , the Strategy is categorical -- without giving in to the temptation of isolationism -- in admitting the strategic value of the example and the importance of doing one 's homework first .
But the G-20 remains very much a work in progress -- and one that needs much work to succeed , as its most recent summit in Toronto demonstrated .
With the financial crisis worsening , the London summit in 2009 agreed to unprecedented fiscal and monetary stimulus and backed a stronger , more coherent regulatory and supervisory framework worldwide .
If we want to make progress on global governance problems we will have to work together on getting through this economic crisis and on other essential issues , such as nuclear non-proliferation .
Within the framework of multilateralism , countries must make the effort to smooth over their differences and deepen their relations : we must conquer the inertia that moves us towards old thinking -- and old alliances .
To achieve this rebalancing , southern European ports need improved support infrastructure , specifically rail links connecting them to the main European rail network .
Between now and 2050 , Europe 's workforce will decrease by 70 million .
In these times , difficult and unpredictable but full of hope , the world needs Turkey and the EU to work together .
Job losses in the range of 60 million have suddenly rendered nearly an eighth of the urban populace indigent . Often without a dependable channel for airing their grievances , hordes of laid-off workers and retired folk have filled the avenues over the past decade or so .
For 2004 , the central government allocated some 78 billion yuan for laid-off workers and the poor , with localities also upping their outlays . But the sad truth is that probably only about a quarter of those pushed out of their plants ever received assistance .
Other initiatives are a program of allowances , training and placement for the laid-off ; unemployment insurance -LRB- which , unfortunately , depends on the economic health of the firm to which a worker was once attached -RRB- ; and pension reform -- having similar problems .
The 5.3 million workers in the environmental industry outnumber pharmaceutical workers ten to one .
· A British company specializing in improving the energy efficiency of homes was floated on the London Stock Exchange last June and now employs 4,000 people who once worked in nearby , now closed , coal mines .
· China has some 1,000 solar thermal energy firms , generating sales of $ 2.5 billion and employing 600,000 workers in manufacturing and installation .
It needs to be explained why the euro remains the best protection there is against inflation , the most dangerous social ill of all ; why government stimulus will not work and never actually has delivered sustained growth ; and why a new equilibrium between welfare and economic dynamism -- based on less public debt and more private investment -- must be established .
Hayashi and Sakakibara -- indeed , most Japanese economists -- more or less agree on the fundamental reason for such spectacular stagnation : the Japanese have stopped working hard .
Fewer hours worked , longer vacations , and a declining population -LRB- since 2005 -RRB- have , predictably , undermined Japanese growth .
To turn this situation around , says Sakakibara , `` the Japanese should work more , have more children , and allow immigration . ''
Young Japanese tend not to work before their 30 's , and married women stay at home .
The French government , in this same spirit , has gone after public-sector workers ' extravagant pension benefits , as well as the legal retirement age , trying to increase it from 62 to 65 .
Sarkozy 's attempt to co-opt far-right rhetoric on security and immigration has not worked , because , when it comes to national chauvinism , the French prefer its authentic purveyors .
What works for teenagers also seems to work with forever-young movie directors .
But the LDP worked hand in glove with Japan 's deeply entrenched bureaucracy , of which the prosecutors are a part .
That equilibrium works so long as each institution is submitted to close scrutiny -- which judges and magistrates have simply avoided .
Lack of education keeps Roma out of work and limits their future opportunities .
Most importantly , a small but growing core of experienced and dedicated young Roma leaders is emerging who can work both within their communities and with governments to overcome poverty and discrimination .
ACT is working to register voters , and MoveOn is getting more people engaged in the national debate over Bush 's policies .
It would be desirable to set up joint working groups with the countries concerned to establish , monitor , and adjust individual action plans .
They do on a small scale what the Wider European Initiative ought to do on a large scale : promote democratic development by supporting civil society while working with governments when possible .
They ought to be persuaded - through a judicious mixture of carrots and sticks - that strengthening the rule of law and democratic institutions would work to their advantage .
Nor was the torture of detainees at Abu Ghraib prison the work of a few bad apples .
The work has been carried out through foundations operating on the ground and led by citizens who understand the limits of the possible in their countries .
The compact builds on the 2001 Bonn Agreement , which laid the framework for a democratic Afghanistan but left much to be done to overcome that war-torn country 's tragic legacy .
Even Afghan expatriates in the Gulf states , who have invested roughly $ 5 billion in regional and global trading networks , are reluctant to invest in their homeland .
Many UN members , believing that power within the UN has been shifting from the General Assembly , resist giving up what they regard as its last vestige : control over the budget through the work of the Assembly 's Fifth Committee .
Indeed , a whole network of publications , some of which manage to parade as mainstream media , is devoted to the task .
It would take too long to work out the conflicts to include a mortgage modification scheme in the rescue package .
The EU could then finance investment programs that combine a countercyclical function with important European objectives , such as an electricity grid , a network of gas and oil pipelines , alternative energy investments , and employment-creating public works in Ukraine .
Now , the CDS market offers a convenient way of shorting bonds , but the risk\/reward asymmetry works in the opposite way .
Despite this , artificial life-support has worked .
To complicate matters , the lag works in both directions .
But this crisis was much bigger , and the same techniques did not work .
Globalization was successful because it forced countries to remove regulations ; but the process does not work in reverse .
This is not only a human rights issue , but also an economic one . Following current demographic trends , by 2040 , Roma will comprise roughly 40 % of Hungary 's working-age population .
My foundation network has made the education of Roma a priority since its inception in Hungary in 1984 , and across the rest of Eastern Europe since 1989 . These efforts have produced a small , well-educated Roma elite who are now making an important contribution to the emancipation of Roma .
In conjunction with the launch of the Decade of Roma Inclusion in 2005 , my foundation network formed an alliance with the World Bank and transferred its Roma educational programs to a newly established Roma Education Fund .
The German public is unlikely to recognize the harm German policies are doing to the rest of Europe because , the way the euro works , deflation will serve to make Germany more competitive on world markets , while pushing the weaker countries further into depression and increasing the burden of their debt .
By 2020 , for example , young Roma will make up one-third of the new entrants to the workforce in Hungary .
Most importantly , this arrangement allows the Chinese government to skim off a significant slice from the value of Chinese exports without interfering with the incentives that make people work so hard and make their labor so productive .
It has the same effect as taxation , but it works much better .
Trade unions agreed to concessions on wages and working conditions in exchange for job security .
This was amply demonstrated by the working of the Kyoto Protocol in practice .
These efforts can serve as a prototype for assisting other countries such as Guyana , where the current forest-preservation scheme does not work so well .
Otherwise , deficit countries will have no reason to hope that they can escape their predicament no matter how hard they work .
But time is working against them : two-speed Europe is driving member countries further apart .
A new agreement for the eurozone , negotiated in a calmer atmosphere , should not only codify the practices established during the emergency , but also lay the groundwork for an economic-growth strategy .
But the development of the international regulatory framework has not kept pace with the globalization of financial markets .
The change in IMF policies would have been successful in preventing a recurrence of the emerging market boom but it has already created a problem which works in the opposite direction : the high cost and unavailability of capital is itself a new form of financial contagion .
Re-regulation and international efforts to coordinate policy responses may eventually reduce the potential for instability , but will require the work to be finished and tested before real confidence is generated .
Securitization -LRB- and shadow banking -RRB- will be kept simple and proceed at a measured pace as a new legal and regulatory framework is built and tested .
It now seems universally accepted -LRB- often implicitly -RRB- that government should establish the structure and rules for the financial system , with participants then pursuing their self-interest within that framework .
If the framework is right , the system will perform well .
But in a complex system in which expertise , insight , and real-time information are not concentrated in one place , and certainly not in government and regulatory circles , reliance on such a framework seems deficient and unwise .
Some will object that this idea wo n't work because it runs counter to greedy human nature .
They work in tandem .
It did n't work .
In a stable world , Maastricht Treaty 's rules-based framework , if enforced , might do the job .
There may be a deeper bias at work .
If it works , what will emerge will be commitments from G-20 countries to undertake policies that are globally beneficial -- on the condition that others are keeping their commitments .
The US may reduce its deficits faster than it would in the non-cooperative case , but only if surplus countries are working to reduce their excess savings .
The old hybrid -- in which advanced countries operated with floating exchange rates and open capital accounts , while developing countries managed the exchange rate via capital controls and reserve accumulation as part their growth strategies -- worked as long as emerging markets ' systemic effects were relatively small .
Markets , regulatory frameworks , and public-sector investments are means to attain shared goals .
Its proponents argue that it is the main policy instrument left , and that it will work by increasing credit or lowering the discount rate , which will raise asset prices and hence consumption via balance-sheet effects .
After all , the wealth effect works only when people believe that the wealth is permanent .
Because of the importance of the global economy , the destiny of developing countries is not entirely in the hands of their leaders , workforces , and entrepreneurs .
Helped by massive public investment in infrastructure and logistical capabilities , some of this work will move inland , where incomes are lower . Eventually , however , labor-intensive activities will move to countries at earlier stages of development , while China moves up the value chain , both in the export sector and , with rising incomes , in production for domestic consumption .
There is a growing awareness among policymakers , businesses , and citizens in China and India -LRB- and in Asia more broadly -RRB- that the historical growth paths that all of their predecessors followed simply will not work , because they do not `` scale '' to a world economy that is triple its current size .
The old model wo n't work .
With more than ample domestic demand , considerably boosted by rapid expansion in government and health care , the US economy sustained growth and employment in the face of large increases in the labor force -LRB- 27 million new workers since 1990 -RRB- , notwithstanding the substantial headwinds created by new labor-saving information technology .
A large group of migrant workers and families -LRB- on the order of 150 to 200 million people -RRB- are formally still rural , but in fact are marginal urban residents with constrained rights and access to services .
The argument that this would discourage the unemployed from seeking work has merit in normal times , but not now .
On the other hand , to secure that promise of peace and stability , Europeans must recognize that the Union is not and can not be perceived as a work set in stone .
It is not a machine that goes on of its own accord , but is instead something that must be lived and worked for by Europeans .
The Adzhar people consider themselves Georgians , but still have frequent squabbles with the central government , so how could ethnically distinct Abkhazia and South Ossetia feel assured that their relations with Georgia would work out any better ?
These initiatives -- particularly efforts to strengthen the IMF 's surveillance function and the so-called `` exceptional access framework '' -- must now be locked in and implemented consistently .
This shield may , perhaps , have worked too well because the more weakly performing countries faced no discipline from financial markets .
As long as Europe 's potential sinners continue to judge its de facto sinners , peer pressure will not work .
To minimize that risk , euro-area countries must fundamentally re-work and strengthen the institutional architecture for coordinating long overdue structural reforms and for safeguarding public finances .
This method can reveal selection in action , working over periods of time as short as one generation -- so that it can answer the question of whether modern culture has stopped evolution .
You would n't expect this to work in your shower , and there is little reason to expect it to work in the commercial lending market .
It is time to swallow our own medicine and resume the hard work of repairing our banking systems .
In a nutshell : the implosion of the brave new world of modern finance , and the economic crisis that followed , was rooted in the idea that free and unregulated capital markets always work for the public good , and are all that is needed for economic prosperity .
Economic relations between major players such as China and Japan are increasingly close -- owing not only to booming trade , but also to direct investment and regional production networks .
ASEAN is working with its partners to tackle global issues such as security , energy , and climate change , and its plans for a charter on enhanced cooperation is an encouraging first step toward creating a political architecture .
The foreign ministers ' meeting held during Germany 's EU Council presidency produced the Nuremberg Declaration , which established a framework for closer EU-ASEAN partnership .
This system works best when the president and the prime minister come from the same political party or coalition .
In one particularly absurd case , a group of Muslim feminists who wrote a book promoting women 's rights based on Koranic exegesis had to publish their work in secret , because it included arguments for women 's reproductive rights and a small percentage of the group 's funding came from a foundation that had received money from USAID .
This prescription worked for a time in a few countries , but was risky , as Argentina was to show .
The IMF will work hard to shift blame - there will be allegations of corruption , and it will be said that Argentina did not pursue needed measures .
It is estimated that within a few years , America will have more people working in the security business than in education .
By contrast , the new left is trying to make markets work .
The US should be working to create a strong , unified government , rather than strengthening sectarian militias .
But back in America , the belief that the surge `` worked '' is now leading many to argue that more troops are needed in Afghanistan .
In such circumstances , is there any bailout plan that can work ?
First , it relied -- once again -- on trickle-down economics : somehow , throwing enough money at Wall Street would trickle down to Main Street , helping ordinary workers and homeowners .
Trickle-down economics almost never works , and it is no more likely to work this time .
So we may have to pray that a agreement crafted with the toxic mix of special interests , misguided economics , and right-wing ideologies that produced the crisis can somehow produce a rescue plan that works -- or whose failure does n't do too much damage .
The forthcoming global summit must face these new realities if it is to work effectively toward creating a more stable and a more equitable global financial system .
America , and the world , is also facing a major structural problem , not unlike that at the beginning of the last century , when productivity increases in agriculture meant that a rapidly declining share of the population could find work there .
But many , especially people working in the financial markets , pushed a type of `` market fundamentalism . ''
Like many of Enron 's investments , it worked well in the short run , but did not pan out in the long run .
For markets to work , for the appropriate signals for efficient resource allocation to be provided , investors must have as much information as possible .
The new economy - and its complicated new financial instruments - enhance the problems of reliable accounting frameworks ; they make it easier to obfuscate .
- Trickle-down economics almost never works .
But we still do not have an adequate framework for dealing with such problems .
But they will not occur ever unless work on them is begun now .
The old system worked well for the bankers -LRB- if not for their shareholders -RRB- , so why should they embrace change ?
Their hope is that it will work once again to keep them free to do as they please , regardless of the risks for taxpayers and the economy .
It outlined some of the measures that should be considered and established a working group to explore the way forward , possibly under the guidance of a newly established expert group .
On the last day of the conference , as America was expressing its reservations about even discussing at the UN this issue which affects all countries ' well being , China was once again reiterating that the time had come to begin working on a global reserve currency .
If globalization is to work for everyone , decisions about how to manage it must be made in a democratic and inclusive manner -- with the participation of both the perpetrators and the victims of the mistakes .
Statistical frameworks are intended to summarize what is going on in our complex society in a few easily interpretable numbers .
Borlaug received the Nobel Peace Prize for his work in bringing about the `` green revolution , '' which saved hundreds of millions from hunger and changed the global economic landscape .
He did it not for some huge financial compensation , but out of conviction and a passion for his work .
Bank officers may have walked away with hundreds of millions of dollars , but everyone else in our society -- shareholders , bondholders , taxpayers , homeowners , workers -- suffered .
This year 's Nobel laureates in economics are two scholars whose life work explored alternative approaches .
These include agent-based models that emphasize the diversity of circumstances ; network models , which focus on the complex interrelations among firms -LRB- such as those that enable bankruptcy cascades -RRB- ; a fresh look at the neglected work of Hyman Minsky on financial crises -LRB- which have increased in frequency since deregulation began three decades ago -RRB- ; and innovation models , which attempt to explain the dynamics of growth .
Much of the most exciting work in economics now underway extends the boundary of economics to include work by psychologists , political scientists , and sociologists .
For the past three decades , one strand within the economics profession was constructing models that assumed that markets worked perfectly .
This assumption overshadowed a wide body of research that helped explain why markets often work imperfectly -- why , indeed , there are widespread market failures .
The marketplace for ideas also often works in a way that is less than ideal .
Innumerable details must be worked out before a global money scheme could be put into practice , and changes will not occur overnight .
It certainly did not serve homeowners who are losing their homes , workers who have lost their jobs , retirees who have seen their retirement funds vanish , or taxpayers who paid hundreds of billions to bail out the banks .
The second important lesson involves understanding why markets often do not work the way they are meant to work .
Moreover , when information is imperfect , markets often do not work well -- and information imperfections are central in finance .
Externalities are pervasive : the failure of one bank imposed costs on others , and failures in the financial system imposed costs on taxpayers and workers all over the world .
And certain principles set out in the 1992 Rio Framework Convention , including `` common but differentiated responsibilities and respective capabilities , '' were affirmed .
In America , for example , more than one in six workers who would like a full-time job ca n't find one .
The Nobel Laureate Robert Mundell laid out the conditions under which a single currency could work .
The removal of legal barriers to the movement of workers created a single labor market , but linguistic and cultural differences make American-style labor mobility unachievable .
The euro was an interesting experiment , but , like the almost-forgotten exchange-rate mechanism -LRB- ERM -RRB- that preceded it and fell apart when speculators attacked the British pound in 1992 , it lacks the institutional support required to make it work .
There is a third solution , which Europe may come to realize is the most promising for all : implement the institutional reforms , including the necessary fiscal framework , that should have been made when the euro was launched .
To me , the answer is an unambiguous no , which is why we need to `` hard-wire '' more of the regulatory framework .
The usual approach -- delegating responsibility to regulators to work out the details -- will not suffice .
That Goldman 's CEO saw himself as doing `` God 's work '' as his firm sold short products that it created , or disseminated scurrilous rumors about a country where it was serving as an `` adviser , '' suggests a parallel universe , with different mores and values .
As always , the `` devil is in the details , '' and financial-sector lobbyists have labored hard to make sure that the new regulations ' details work to their employers ' benefit .
A strong version of the so-called Volcker Rule -LRB- designed to force government-insured banks to return to their core mission of lending -RRB- might work .
In the United States today , one out of six workers who would like a full-time job ca n't find one .
What is news is the Obama administration 's reluctant and belated recognition that its efforts to get the housing and mortgage markets working again have largely failed .
The government has announced that these measures , which work -LRB- if they do work -RRB- by lowering interest rates , are temporary .
Securitization -- putting large numbers of mortgages together to be sold to pension funds and investors around the world -- worked only because there were rating agencies that were trusted to ensure that mortgage loans were given to people who would repay them .
In 2001 , lowering interest rates seemed to work , but not the way it was supposed to .
In the end , a mortgage holder would owe far more than the bank ever received , even though the debtor had worked , in effect , one-quarter time for the bank .
In the run up to the crisis , both were governed by right-wing governments marked by crony capitalism or worse , demonstrating once again that free-market economics did n't work in Europe any better than it did in the US .
There are feasible policies that would work within long-term budget constraints .
Or else they can wait until the overhang of excess capacity diminishes , capital goods become obsolete , and the economy 's internal restorative forces work their gradual magic .
Second , military expenditures must be cut -- not just funding for the fruitless wars , but also for the weapons that do n't work against enemies that do n't exist .
Why should those who work for a living be subject to higher tax rates than those who reap their livelihood from speculation -LRB- often at the expense of others -RRB- ?
It would increase efficiency , promote growth , improve the environment , and benefit workers and the middle class .
The question is , how do we get these resources back to work ?
For its part , the United States has never attempted to give free college for all , and it took a bitter battle just to ensure that America 's poor get access to health care -- a guarantee that the Republican Party is now working hard to repeal , claiming that the country can not afford it .
The US need not go as far : just a fraction of the money that America spends on weapons that do n't work against enemies that do n't exist would go a long way toward creating a more humane society , including provision of health care and education to those who can not afford them .
So was a strong commitment to democratic institutions and cooperation between workers , government , and employers -- precisely the opposite of the kind of dissension and division being engendered by conservatives in the US today .
The crisis has also put to the test long-standing dogmas that blame labor-market rigidity for unemployment , because countries with more flexible wages , like the US , have fared worse than northern European economies , including Germany . Indeed , as wages weaken , workers will find it even more difficult to pay back what they owe , and problems in the housing market will become worse .
Even if the shareholders and bondholders lose everything , with the right restructuring , we can still save the banks and protect taxpayers and workers .
She has been an outspoken advocate of financial-sector reforms , and has won the respect of all of those with whom she has worked .
The remedies to the US deficit follow immediately from this diagnosis : put America back to work by stimulating the economy ; end the mindless wars ; rein in military and drug costs ; and raise taxes , at least on the very rich .
The single most important driver of deficit growth is weak tax revenues , owing to poor economic performance ; the single best remedy would be to put America back to work .
Some of the increased expenditures went to the costly wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and the broader Global War on Terrorism , but much of it was wasted on weapons that do n't work against enemies that do n't exist .
But workers were `` trapped '' in the rural sector : they did n't have the resources to move , and their declining incomes so weakened aggregate demand that urban\/manufacturing unemployment soared .
Similarly , while bankers have regained their bonuses , workers are seeing their wages eroded and their hours diminished , further widening the income gap .
And tax systems in which a billionaire like Warren Buffett pays less tax -LRB- as a percentage of his income -RRB- than his secretary , or in which speculators , who helped to bring down the global economy , are taxed at lower rates than those who work for their income , have reinforced the trend .
Worse , the bankers are now back at their desks , earning bonuses that amount to more than most workers hope to earn in a lifetime , while young people who studied hard and played by the rules see no prospects for fulfilling employment .
Around the world , we have underutilized resources -- people who want to work , machines that lie idle , buildings that are empty -- and huge unmet needs : fighting poverty , promoting development , and retrofitting the economy for global warming , to name just a few .
On one level , today 's protesters are asking for little : a chance to use their skills , the right to decent work at decent pay , a fairer economy and society .
Markets work the way they should only when they operate within a framework of appropriate government regulations ; and that framework can be erected only in a democracy that reflects the general interest -- not the interests of the 1 % .
But what primarily kept Argentines wedded to a system that could not work was fear of hyperinflation .
This is one way of making globalization work to benefit those in need .
Before imposing policies with devastating consequences , strong evidence should show that the policies will work .
Accounting rules are designed to provide standardized frameworks within which the financial position of a firm , or government , can be assessed .
Bad accounting frameworks always lead to bad information , and bad information leads to bad decisions , with serious long term consequences .
In Latin America and elsewhere in the developing world , the IMF imposes accounting frameworks that not only make little sense , but result in excessive austerity .
IMF accounting frameworks , rather than providing useful signals to the market , provide distorted information that exacerbates a troubled country 's problems .
Good decisions require accurate information , and this comes only through good accounting frameworks .
Of course , no perfect accounting framework exists , but some frameworks systematically distort .
Indeed , a hidden agenda often exists in the choice of an accounting framework .
Not including stock options inside the accounting framework served US corporate interests , and those of individual bosses , well .
The IMF 's distorted and unfair accounting frameworks may also serve a hidden purpose : to force governments to shrink expenditures .
There is a long list of central bankers ' homilies that are not supposed to be questioned ; do so and you are exiled from the small circle of those who supposedly know how the world `` really '' works .
But to insist on an arbitrary budgetary position in an economic downturn is to ignore everything we have learned about economics in the past seventy years , risking the well being of millions of workers who are thrown out of employment .
Is there any reason to believe that excessive policy inflexibility works better in Europe ?
The reason deficit reduction worked in the US in 1993 was that America 's banks , whose balance sheets were weak , had large holdings of long-term bonds , the value of which increased as long-term interest rates fell .
My own work , with Bruce Greenwald of Columbia University , updates these theories , taking into account the imperfections of capital markets , especially those associated with asymmetries of information .
The results were predictable : the 1998 bailout did not work , but devaluation did .
Technocrats can of course reliably make an electricity plant work better .
They involve tradeoffs : some may lead to higher inflation but lower unemployment ; some help investors , others workers .
In East Asia , for example , IMF bailouts helped international lenders , but hit workers and domestic firms hard .
Different policies might have imposed more risk on international lenders , and less on workers and domestic firms .
Indeed , many in the financial community have little understanding of the intricate workings of the macroeconomic system -- as evidenced by their frequent mistakes in managing it .
The Truth and Reconciliation process may or may not work to heal South Africa 's wounds , but if corporations are to be provided with incentives to do the right thing , they must now pay the price for the profits that they reaped from that abhorrent system .
The institutional framework responsible for Euroland 's poor economic performance may improve , or capital markets may become more volatile , making the cost of bearing exchange rate risks intolerable .
Every year , more than one million additional workers enter America 's labor force , and a functioning economy must find jobs for them .
One of the marvels of a market economy is how , every year , year after year , productivity -- the amount of output produced by each worker in an hour -- increases .
Jobs are so scarce that many Americans have given up looking -- the so-called discouraged worker effect .
More and more workers have joined the ranks of the long-term unemployed -- out of a job so long that they are no longer eligible for unemployment benefits .
Ironically , one early argument used by the Bush administration to resist increases in unemployment benefits was that it would discourage workers from looking for a job .
They seemed callously to suggest that the problem of unemployment was with workers too lazy to pound the pavement to find work .
Last year 's work will make a difference in the lives of millions .
The Commission highlights other issues that have received insufficient global attention - such as tax competition among developing countries , which shifts more of the tax burden from business to workers . In still other areas , the Commission 's report argues for more `` balanced '' perspectives .
The IMF 's economic framework still does not provide for countercyclical fiscal policies , because the IMF remains ambivalent about the standard Keynesian prescription of stimulating an economy in a downturn .
In Brazil and elsewhere , the IMF 's distorted accounting frameworks - - what it does and does not count as expenditures - continues to impede the investments required to modernize public-sector enterprises and to put a major roadblock in the way of land reform .
European enlargement , creating large numbers of lower-wage workers at Germany 's borders , will pose new challenges .
At the very least , this shows that markets by themselves do not quickly work to ensure that there is a job for everyone who wishes to work .
But there is , I think , an even deeper reason for concerns about outsourcing of , say , hi-tech jobs to India : it destroys the myth - which has been a central tenet of the globalization debate in the US and other advanced industrial countries - that workers should not be afraid of globalization .
After all , if America , with its relatively low level of unemployment and social safety net , finds it must take action to protect its workers and firms against competition from abroad - whether in software or steel - such action by developing countries is all the more justified .
But even if the eventual numbers are limited , there can be dramatic effects on workers and the distribution of income .
Growth will be enhanced , but workers may be worse off - and not just those who lose their jobs .
The British Commonwealth recently posed this question to me and the Initiative for Policy Dialogue , an international network of economists committed to helping developing countries .
The Netherlands , after its discovery of North Sea gas and oil , found itself plagued with growing unemployment and workforce disability -LRB- many of those who could not get jobs found disability benefits to be more generous than unemployment benefits . -RRB-
Bush had a responsibility for the behavior of the people working for him .
It will earn him kudos from those quarters , but hardly earns him credentials for speaking about what truly makes a market economy work .
One of the most important roles for government is creating the `` rules of the game , '' which enable a market economy to work .
But if markets are working well , then returns will be higher only because risk is higher .
Of course , politicians prefer to work in secrecy , without oversight .
No one can imagine hiring a worker , but allowing him not to inform his employer about what he is doing on the job .
Politicians work for the citizenry , which has the right to know what their employees are doing .
Under Wolfensohn 's leadership , the Bank began to look for multifaceted strategies , framed by what he called a Comprehensive Development Framework .
When Bank research showed that conditionality did not work , the Bank under Wolfensohn moved away from it .
Costa Rica , for example , has already shown that a system of paying for the provision of environmental services -LRB- like maintaining natural forests -RRB- can work in ways that preserve the environment and boost the economy .
In country after country , displaced workers went from low productivity jobs to zero productivity unemployment .
Designing policies that work for the developing world requires a profound understanding of financial markets and development .
The money worked as intended -- not to promote development , but to keep Zaire on the side of the West .
The United Nations ' sixtieth anniversary summit in September reflected its strengths and importance in the many areas in which the international community must work together .
Let 's not forget that , within the limits of its powers , the UN worked .
In other words , deliberative democracy - -- perhaps our most important safeguard against headstrong and reckless action -- worked at the UN , but not in the US .
The democratic deliberative process worked , and it yielded the right answer .
Lower interest rates worked , but not so much because they boosted investment , but because they led households to refinance their mortgages , and fueled a bubble in housing prices .
Unemployment harms workers , while the lower interest rates needed to generate more jobs may lead to higher inflation , which especially harms those with nominal assets whose value is eroded .
Though crocodile tears may be shed all around , the extent of disappointment needs to be calibrated : Pascal Lamy , the head of the World Trade Organization , had long worked to diminish expectations , so much so that it was clear that whatever emerged would bring , at most , limited benefits to poor countries .
The questions posed by young French workers , who wonder how globalization will make them better off if it means accepting lower wages and weaker job protection , can no longer be ignored .
To the extent that changes in technology have contributed to the near stagnation of real wages for low-skilled workers in the United States and elsewhere for the past three decades , there is little that citizens can do .
A strong safety net and an economy close to full employment provides a conducive environment for all stakeholders -- workers , investors , and entrepreneurs -- to engage in the risk-taking that new investments and firms require .
We have become more interdependent , increasing the need to act together , but we do not have the institutional frameworks for doing this effectively and democratically .
The world 's lone superpower , the US , has demonstrated its disdain for supranational institutions and worked assiduously to undermine them .
Campaign contributions and lobbying that lead to rapid privatizations of utilities -- before appropriate regulatory frameworks are in place , and in a manner that produces only a few bidders -- can impede development , even without direct kickbacks to government officials .
It makes much more sense to tax things that are bad , like pollution , than things that are good , like savings and work .
As a practical matter , even controlling for expectations -LRB- as Phelps ' work insists that we do -RRB- , the relationship between unemployment and inflation is highly unstable .
Based on changes in the economy , I and the staff that worked with me on President Bill Clinton 's Council of Economic Advisers argued that the NAIRU was considerably lower .
Phelps ' work helped us to understand the complexity of the relationship between inflation and unemployment , and the important role that expectations can play in that relationship .
There is a framework for enhancing aggregate purchasing power , through the creation of SDR 's .
It would be part of the portfolio of methods for encouraging and supporting research . A prize fund would work well in areas in which needs are well known -- the case for many diseases afflicting the poor -- allowing clear goals to be set in advance .
In today 's world , too , there is much that is not working well .
China recognized that it could not simply transfer economic institutions that had worked in other countries ; at the least , what succeeded elsewhere had to be adapted to the unique problems confronting China .
Competition will force some to work harder , to become more efficient , or to accept lower profits .
Will you work to redefine the criteria by which countries get access to funds ?
Not only has the Bank not been active in promoting these globally agreed standards , there is a concern that the Bank discourages collective bargaining and protections for workers when it talks about `` flexible labor markets '' and conditions that are conducive to private investment .
In many cases , minorities work hard to garner the fruits of this wealth for themselves , at the expense of the majority -- Bolivia , one of the many rich countries with poor people , comes to mind .
Malaysia 's success thus should be studied both by those looking for economic prosperity and those seeking to understand how our world can live together , not just with toleration , but also with respect , sharing their common humanity and working together to achieve common goals .
Showdown in Bali BALI -- This month 's international meeting in Bali will set a framework that will attempt to prevent the impending disaster of global warming\/climate change .
Better incentives must be part of the solution . But there is a raging controversy over whether the Kyoto protocol 's cap-and-trade system or taxes work better .
Indeed , it makes far more sense to tax bad things , like pollution , than to tax good things like work and savings .
Finally , workers all over the world took it on the chin , accepting lower real wages and a smaller share of GDP .
At the same time , there has been a massive global redistribution of income from oil importers to oil exporters -- a disproportionate number of which are undemocratic states -- and from workers everywhere to the very rich .
It is not clear whether workers will continue to accept declines in their living standards in the name of an unbalanced globalization whose promises seem ever more elusive .
It 's hard to imagine less bang than from bucks spent on a Nepalese contractor working in Iraq .
In a sense , the strategy worked : a housing bubble fed a consumption boom , as savings rates plummeted to zero . The economic weaknesses were simply being postponed to some future date ; the Bush administration hoped that the day of reckoning would come after November 2008 . Instead , things began to unravel in August 2007 .
As we know from the work of Thomas Kuhn and other philosophers of science , dominant paradigms do not always turn out to be the most accurate .
In addition , the Fund is working on a new liquidity line to provide resources immediately to strongly performing emerging markets with sound policies and fundamentals .
And workers ' remittances , which now eclipse aid as the biggest financial flows to low-income countries , are also falling .
We are working closely with our 53 African members on crafting the appropriate policy response .
Against this background , the world has come together in the midst of the crisis to radically overhaul the framework for IMF lending .
A new Flexible Credit Line makes high-volume financing available -- even before a crisis has struck -- without any ex post policy conditionality to qualifying countries with strong economic fundamentals and policy frameworks .
Second , for those not qualifying for the new instrument , the Fund 's workhorse lending facility , the Stand-By Arrangement , will be made more flexible along several dimensions .
Together , they constitute a turning point in the way the IMF works , and will allow it to serve its global membership even better .
Equally important is the realization that by working together , we can build a more successful and more stable global economy , for the benefit of all countries .
And , finally , given powerful interactions within the financial sector and across the broader economy , we need an overarching framework to manage risks in the financial system as a whole .
Effective resolution mechanisms and systemic frameworks remain even more elusive .
The debate now is how , exactly , to factor this imperative into monetary policy , and how to coordinate the work of monetary and regulatory authorities .
The International Monetary Fund is also stepping up its work in this area , through `` spillover reports '' on China , the euro zone , Japan , the United Kingdom , and the United States .
We must reach across old dividing lines -- both within economies and between them -- and work together to build a stronger , more resilient global economy .
When Ma 's popularity fell dramatically as Taiwan 's economy suffered from the global financial crisis , China 's leaders worked with Ma to pre-empt just such an outcome .
The Ottoman legacy of a working state structure , tolerant of religion , has begun to be viewed in a more favorable light , and the contemporary Turkish model , with its ability to nurture a democracy-friendly Islam , is suddenly in demand .
Erdo?an 's ruling AKP traces its roots to political Islam , and many of its leaders ' social networks are in Islamic countries -- in stark contrast to the secular style of Turkey 's previous leaders , who proudly displayed their Western identity .
That number captures only a fraction of the problem , since 80 % of the global workforce is in the informal sector , without any unemployment benefits or other social protection .
It is estimated that at least 43.5 % of workers -- 1.3 billion people -- do not earn enough to lift themselves and their families above the $ 2-a-day poverty line .
Beyond the rising number of unemployed and underemployed , conditions for many of the employed have been deteriorating as well in most countries , especially for workers with little education and few skills .
Globally , casual labor , outsourcing , and job contracting and subcontracting are becoming the norm , weakening entitlements for workers and creating more job insecurity .
Decent work - -- promoted by the International Labor Organization since 1999 -- means productive , rewarding , and secure jobs that provide safe working conditions , fair income , and social protection for the employed and their families .
Decent work also implies equality of opportunity and treatment as well as good prospects for both personal development and social inclusion .
This includes freedom for workers to express concerns , organize , and participate in decisions that affect their lives .
Decent work for all is not a policy option , but an imperative .
Structural transformations should promote full and productive employment as well as decent work , while governments should have enough policy and fiscal space to enable them to play a proactive role and to provide adequate universal social protection .
Strident calls for structural reforms mainly target labor markets , rather than product markets . Growing worker insecurity is seen as the basis for a healthy economy .
Dealing with any surge of asylum seekers will require the EU to strengthen its capacity to offer temporary protection -- and possibly to reconsider how its overall asylum system works .
Yet , at the same time , as its baby boomers retire en masse in the coming decade , Europe will need workers at all skill levels .
This swing does not simply mark the return of traditional conservative parties and policies - smaller governments , more attention to the interests of capital - to power . Something new is at work .
Large groups of `` outsiders '' -LRB- young unemployed and first time job seekers , temporary workers , shopkeepers and other self-employed -RRB- do not see these supposed benefits because they lack a stable and protected job , or do not qualify for unemployment insurance , or are too young to benefit from public pension systems .
Towards the end of the 1990 's , the large EU countries encouraged employment of less qualified workers through temporary work contracts .
It would not be surprising if these institutions also retard efficient exploitation of the new technological advances in the workplace .
So many in the South remain poor and out of work , particularly the young .
When asked , `` What does the EU mean to you personally , '' 50 % of citizens in the 15 countries that were EU members before enlargement in May 2004 say `` the euro '' -- the second most common response -LRB- just behind `` the ability to travel , study , and work anywhere in the EU '' -RRB- .
France has strict hiring and firing regulations that make it costly to dismiss workers and thus reduce job creation .
Moreover , salaries can not fall below a legislated minimum wage , which is so high that the least productive and least skilled workers remain shut out of the labor market .
But the unions do n't care if the sons and daughters of immigrants living in ghettos have no opportunity of even starting a working life .
Regular workers enjoy secure and well-paid jobs , with much leisure time and little stress , particularly in the public sector .
China 's total fertility rate is estimated at around 1.5 , implying that the working-age population will begin to decline by the mid-2010 's .
In the 1990 's , Japan 's government , grossly misjudging the sources of the economy 's difficulties , vastly increased government expenditures on public works , but ignored supply-side adjustments .
The third transformation is demographic : the fallout from China 's official one-child policy , which will cause the working-age population to start declining in the mid-2010 's .
For the `` Dutch disease '' and a rentier spirit prevail in WANA , and have affected oil-producing and non-oil-producing countries , ranging from migrant workers ' remittances and financial investment flows from the oil countries -LRB- mainly into real estate -RRB- to stock-exchange bubbles and foreign aid .
But in a rentier economy , huge revenues from oil or external financial transfers actually create a disincentive to work .
Wealth and work are de-linked , and this applies to most industrial and agricultural activities .
Indeed , since the end of WWII , Japan has avoided a full-fledged debate on the country 's national security framework , in which Japan would have the courage to disagree with the US .
There is another factor at work , too . Japan 's `` Peace Constitution '' supposedly bans possession of military forces .
But chief among Bangladesh 's opportunities is the chance to show the world that a Muslim-majority country can freely embrace liberal democracy and make it work by confining religion to the private sphere .
The peace deal struck in Naivasha , Kenya in 2005 between Sudan 's government and rebels from the Sudanese People 's Liberation Movement -LRB- SPLM -RRB- committed both sides , at war for most of the previous 50 years , to work for unity .
Bangladeshi migrant workers in the Gulf States who return home imbued with radical Wahhabi and Salafi teachings fan the fires even more .
MAD simply wo n't work for a mad man who is guided by quasi-messianic certitude .
For example , the government sought to amend Article 18 of the `` Workers ' Statute , '' which compels big firms to reinstate workers dismissed without `` just cause . ''
Indeed , a powerful component of the Berlusconi coalition , the Northern League , staunchly opposes a core component of the proposed reform -- abolition of early retirement -- because ending early retirement is contrary to workers ' interests in the North , where the party has its electoral base .
Anyone with access to YouTube can view the 1986 footage of Berlusconi being interviewed in one of his network 's studios by veteran journalist -LRB- and later vocal opponent -RRB- Enzo Biagi .
Europe 's technocrats worked in the service of security ahead of the EU 's enlargement in 2004 to the former communist states of Central Europe .
The US should begin to work with these countries not only on this matter , but also on the elections that Myanmar military junta has promised for 2010 .
Rather than debate with her counterparts , Clinton needs to ensure that other countries in the six-party framework , especially China and South Korea , are on the same page as the US .
In China , for example , Clinton successfully established an agenda for the two countries to work together on climate change .
But Western sanctions have not worked , either .
Starting with Japan , Obama needs to ensure a good working relationship with Yukio Hatoyama , the new premier .
Most economic frameworks are among Asians only , but an American initiative could trump them and ensure that the region remains open and engaged with the US .
ASEAN is likely to host a still-wider grouping that includes Russia and the US , though the precise framework is still being debated .
The crucial point is that regardless of who is right philosophically , it is only insofar as people accept some such appeal that the legitimacy principle underlying popular sovereignty can work to secure their consent .
It is impossible to change radically the way scholars and research workers are appointed in most member states , and to revise completely the criteria for funding of faculties and laboratories .
The daughter of a government clerk , Mayawati studied law and worked as a teacher before being spotted by the BSP 's founder , the late Kanshi Ram , and groomed for political leadership .
Slumdog Millionaire is the work of an artist at the peak of his powers . India is Boyle 's palette , and Mumbai -- that teeming `` maximum city , '' with 19 million strivers on the make , jostling , scheming , struggling , and killing for success -- is his brush .
There was a time when , in certain parts of India , workers could stuff ballot boxes for a candidate and political parties could `` capture '' polling booths .
It has been some time since there were reports of the occasional election worker , candidate , or voter being assaulted , kidnapped , or shot .
The formula of pursuing work in an Academic Group , a Business Forum , and a Working Group on Trade and Investment has not yet brought either focus or drive to the parent body .
As ITU Secretary-General Hamadoun Touré has put it , `` In the twenty-first century , affordable , ubiquitous broadband networks will be as critical to social and economic prosperity as networks like transport , water , and power . ''
Likewise , mobile networks are delivering health services to the most remote areas of India .
I was at the UN in September 2000 , when world leaders met at the Millennium Summit and pledged to work together to free humanity from the `` abject and dehumanizing conditions of extreme poverty , '' and to `` make the right to development a reality for everyone . ''
In some countries , doctors find it more remunerative to work as translators for foreign-aid agencies than to treat poor patients .
Indeed , non-violence could only work against opponents vulnerable to a loss of moral authority -- that is , governments responsive to domestic and international public opinion , and thus capable of being shamed into conceding defeat .
Various sub-committees and working groups of the Council -LRB- including the Counter-Terrorism Committee -RRB- will also require full-time attention .
Ambassadors in New York are now working day and night to hammer out the details of the current reform proposals .
A country whose very survival seemed in doubt at its founding offers striking lessons in constructing , against all odds , a working democracy .
So does the work of Indian fashion designers , now striding across the world 's runways .
There are dozens of Chinese engineers working in -LRB- and learning from -RRB- Indian computer firms and engineering companies , while Indian software engineers support the Chinese telecoms equipment manufacturer Huawei .
Philips employs nearly 3,000 Indians at its `` Innovation Campus '' in Bangalore to write more than 20 % of the company 's global software , which Philips ' 50,000-strong workforce in China then turns into brand-name goods .
Considering the huge impact worldwide of depression on health , health care costs , and the ability to work , so much information should be good news .
Because pharmaceutical companies want their drug to work , they are rarely interested in studying what to do if it is ineffective .
These surpluses are generated primarily within East Asian production networks .
The bulk of the shortfall is due to less intensive use of labor : employment rates for women and for the oldest and youngest age groups are lower in the euro area than in the US , working hours are far fewer , and , least significantly , unemployment rates are higher .
Some take consolation from this , viewing it as positive that Europeans prefer leisure to work .
This process is already underway , particularly in Italy and France , through cuts in social security contributions for lower-paid workers , tighter conditions for drawing unemployment benefits , and tax credits for `` the working poor . ''
But factors beyond taxes and benefits also contribute to low employment rates in all the three major euro-zone economies : high minimum wages and some features of employment protection legislation slow down the flow of workers through the job market .
Beginning in the mid-1990 's , the rate of growth in output per hour worked -- a key factor behind the rise in per capita income -- slowed in most European countries while it rose in the US , reversing a decades-long pattern .
These attacks overlooked the fact that the directive makes employment conditions of workers from other EU-member states subject in most respects to host-country rules .
When this concession failed , Mubarak and the ruling NDP began to work behind the scenes , encouraging their followers to attack protesters and provoke violence .
But it merely fuels rent-seeking -- the ability of particular groups in society to extract disproportionate rewards for their work .
Had the eurozone introduced such a system from the outset , it might well have worked .
The risk is that , by then , it could be too late to save the euro from a partial break-up : what might work if adopted promptly could be ineffective if adopted in six months .
But , instead of setting off fireworks , the EU finds itself under fire , as the global economic crisis confronts it with the greatest challenge it has seen since 1989 .
The Lisbon Treaty offers a fundamental redesign of how the Union works , but , despite the pressing need to enhance EU institutions ' mobility and flexibility , it is still awaiting ratification .
The IMF , the World Bank , and other international financial institutions , such as the European Investment Bank and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development , as well as the European Central Bank and the European Commission , have worked together to stabilize the situation .
International cooperation has succeeded in preventing banks headquartered in Western Europe , with extensive branch networks in the Eastern Europe , from pulling out .
We work with the private sector and not in competition with it .
We intend to take a two-pronged approach : significantly increase our local-currency lending and explore new avenues within the framework of the Vienna Initiative to tackle the crisis and prevent its recurrence .
One element that central banks and regulators frequently mention is a new regulatory regime : the crisis revealed that institutional and regulatory frameworks in the EBRD region need to be reformed to introduce macro-prudential standards more systematically and effectively .
Within the framework of enhanced and improved integration and cooperation , we will have to find solutions to put recovery on a safer and more sustainable footing .
He could identify with both groups : he belongs to one and his work has made him intimately familiar with the other .
We know , of course , the broad outline of their all-encompassing fundamentalism , and we have some vague ideas about Al Qaeda as a decentralized network of cells in many countries that seeks to acquire chemical , biological , and perhaps even nuclear weapons .
Of course , civilized countries should not give up the fight against extremist Islam because of the bloodshed in Iraq ; but we must recognize that war , occupation , and forced submission to military power have merely caused mass humiliation and resentment among many ordinary Muslims -- emotions that are then channeled into terrorist networks .
Greater efforts at infiltrating terror networks are needed , as is a deeper knowledge of the social structures created by the terrorists , in order to block their financial support .
Politics and culture do n't work on the same level : the former governs action , the latter influences mentalities ; the former deals with emergencies , the latter can require generations to produce any result .
We should work for this type of dialogue by beginning with simple and modest initiatives .
Iran , too , has joined the game . It is working hard to strengthen ties to South and Central America , both diplomatically and through energy politics .
Both have ingeniously mobilized young people and made innovative use of online social networks .
In Mexico , women have been murdered by hit men , hired by their husbands or partners to make the killing look like the work of organized crime .
But the drug works in only half of the people treated .
Wangari is one of thousands of urban workers in Kenya -- and one of hundreds of thousands , even millions , across Africa -- who are increasing their incomes through absentee agriculture .
To be sure , absentee farming by elites and educated urban workers ca n't solve all of Africa 's urgent food needs .
For instance , Joyce , my former workmate , has a husband who is a diehard Manchester United fan .
During rush hour in Nairobi , it is nearly impossible for disabled people to get to the city center to work in their tiny businesses , which normally involve selling sweets and polishing shoes near the sidewalks , by public transportation . Those disabled people who do not leave the city early are forced to wait until after dusk , when they can get a seat on a bus .
For the first time in history , we are starting to understand how the living things around us work , how all the pieces fit together .
The criteria for that loyalty will be fairly simple - participating in the security framework headed by Russia and eliminating the `` excessive '' influence of third parties -LRB- the US , EU , China , or Turkey -RRB- within CIS nations .
As for the West , it is fruitless to try to bring Putin and his team back to democracy , where Russia does not belong , or to punish Russia with sanctions , which wo n't work .
Putin wants to finish the job , and much works in his favor . He is the tsar .
In addition , Rogozin is a pro-Putin politician , which is also very important to the bulk of voters , and he has managed to confirm this not only verbally , but also bureaucratically , by his work as the president 's special representative for Kaliningrad Oblast affairs .
Throughout my entire career I have worked with many people whose driving impulse has been to serve Hong Kong .
But , above all , it is an honor and a privilege to play such a role in our society , and I know that the vast majority of officials , legislators , judges , and civil servants with whom I 've worked would agree .
If they do , I only ask that the people of Zimbabwe remain strong and carry on the work that we began together .
Mass street protests have started -- not led by opposition political parties but by workers and middle-class families facing job losses and declining wages .
Yet even this estimate probably understates the true costs , as it does not take into account the decrease in lifetime wages from delayed investment in human capital and shorter work experience .
The work done during 2003 brought eurozone enlargement much closer .
The EU 's current economic upturn suggests that the strategy is working , particularly after its renewal in 2005 .
We may also be willing to pay more for products that are manufactured at home , in a safe workplace , without child labor , etc. . These characteristics are intimately linked to the values and morals -- to the general culture -- prevailing in the market .
This is all the more true as Asian universities turn out vast numbers of engineers and other knowledge workers who are just as qualified as their European colleagues , and as brilliant in technical design as they are in optimizing the manufacturing process .
The `` soft power '' of goods and services reflects the cultural environment that creative individuals require for their work and growth .
Blogs and social-networking platforms encourage seamless , cost-free association -- the most efficient form of organization imaginable .
Market efficiency and market completion theories can help reassure major financial institutions ' top executives that they must in some subtle way be doing God 's work , even when it looks at first sight as if some of their trading is simply speculation .
Sophisticated human institutions -- such as those that form the policymaking and regulatory system -- are impossible to manage without a set of ideas that are sufficiently complex and internally consistent to be intellectually credible , but simple enough to provide a workable basis for day-to-day decision-making .
If they are serious about preventing the spread of these monstrous weapons -- and averting their use -- they will work energetically and expeditiously to eliminate them completely .
They will work to achieve a world in which such weapons are no more -- where the rule of law , not the rule of force , reigns supreme , and cooperation is seen as the best guarantor of international peace .
Earlier this year , the African Union , through the good work of former UN Secretary General Kofi Annan , averted a calamity in Kenya after a disputed election led to widespread violence .
If their claim is upheld , then the cynics are right : our revolution was merely about whether one class or another , one person or another , would obtain the power to work his or her will .
Indeed , this did happen with the one property recovery that my government was able to secure , the giant Kryvorizhstal steel works that our former president 's son-in-law gained through a rigged sale at a bargain price .
As one who worked in the gas industry before entering politics , I know that the gas trade in the countries of the former Soviet Union is riddled with corruption .
Many of its candidates seek office not to work for Ukraine 's betterment , but to gain parliamentary immunity from prosecution .
In contrast to Europe -- with its close-knit network of multilateral organizations through which states formulate and conduct much of their foreign policies -- Russia is not accustomed to intensively cooperative international procedures .
To believe that such a vision can work for Russia , Ukraine , and Europe is not wishful thinking , but rests on the successful experience of France and Germany in promoting amity .
Indeed , the existence or absence of a framework of cooperation often determines whether a dispute mutates into a crisis .
Such cooperative frameworks seek to reconcile national independence with regional interdependence , focusing political leaders ' minds on prosperity for their people rather than on gaining unilateral advantages that ultimately impoverish and unsettle everyone .
Political prisoners , hungry children , the homeless Chernobyl refugees , or the irradiated workers in need of a lifetime of medical help -- to dismiss their plight , to refuse to offer some spark of hope , is to exile them to a netherworld of helplessness .
I am not one of those people who think Russia is so naturally collectivist that free trade and an open economy can not work there .
Current EU thinking , however , holds that Ukraine should be placed in the same framework as countries in North Africa and the Middle East .
It will try to erode our support by infiltrating our protests with loyalists who will carry the virus of defeatism , and it will seek to outflank us by appealing to ordinary , hard-working Ukrainians , worried about feeding and clothing their children , that a tottering economy needs stability to be saved .
But it is too late for divide and misrule strategies to work .
In the absence of any `` miracle '' cure , the medium-term aim should be to renew and strengthen the framework for international economic and trade cooperation .
Its schools are financed by local communities and work within the framework of a national curriculum designed by the parliament and government .
It showed that persistent pressure works better than the `` constructive engagement '' that it had pursued , to no avail , for the eight years since Burma joined the organization .
Insufficient nourishment impedes their capacity to learn , fitness to work , and ability to develop their talents .
All scientific studies of such interventions prove that fortification of basic foodstuffs works .
This will require hard work , and time is short .
The lack of a fiscal framework hindered credibility .
Their sound financial systems , strong fiscal frameworks , low public debt , and strict adherence to inflation targets give them credibility .
I have been arguing for a Community Act that would bring together all elements of economic governance under a single framework , with the European Commission at its center .
The same impulse appears to be at work behind Italy 's policy on Autostrade , Spain 's on Endesa , Poland 's on its banking sector , the former Swedish Prime Minister 's on Volvo , German unease about `` locust '' - like funds on Deutsche Börse , or the United Kingdom 's ever louder defense of the London Stock Exchange 's independence from the United States .
America Keeping Haiti Down The IDB , the world 's largest regional development bank , works in Latin America and the Caribbean purportedly to `` contribute to the acceleration of economic and social development . ''
These tactics worked .
In subsequent years , the US employed additional delaying tactics , working with the IDB to move the goal posts whenever Haiti appeared to be meeting their demands .
Getting a workable agreement once leadership has been shown is a lot easier .
What it does mean , however , is that Europe is finding a way to work when it comes to foreign policy .
The European External Action Service -LRB- which serves as the EU 's foreign ministry and diplomatic corps -RRB- is a work in progress , and the divisions between member states have affected High Representative Catherine Ashton 's ability to speak for Europe on Libya .
If , on the other hand , we believe that economic actors will respond rationally to incentives and information , then we can usefully reform regulatory frameworks with well-targeted measures , including restrictions on off-balance sheet vehicles , tougher disclosure requirements , and controls on rating agencies ' conflicts of interests .
The UK 's ICB has rightly stated that there is room to improve both competition and stability , given the current weak regulatory framework , but it would be imprudent to strive for the complete elimination of market power in banking .
But the degree to which the authorities will be able to push for more competition in banking will depend crucially on the regulatory framework .
Let us fix and strengthen that framework , while bearing in mind that a simple mandate to maximize competitive pressure in banking is no more possible , or desirable , than one that would aim at eliminating instability completely .
Ordinary people also dislike honest workers .
Democracy is great , but only in the interests of the working class .
But I fear that it wo n't work .
Nothing worked , because the kolkhoz system was incompatible with high achievement in the long run .
The thinking minority needs a system of laws and institutions , real presidential elections , a working parliament , and justice that is independent , rather than merely following orders from above .
In reality , German unemployment is primarily a problem of a lack of jobs for low-skilled workers .
Both spending and taxes must be used to strengthen the incentives to work , invest , and innovate .
For example , if you are sad for two weeks and have one other related symptom , such as fatigue , insomnia , or lessened appetite , and you are distressed or impaired at work or in other roles , then you have `` subsyndromal depression . ''
Set up by the United Nations to prosecute those on all sides in the Balkan wars -- Serbs , Bosnian Muslims , Croats , and , later , Albanian Kosovars -- who committed atrocities , it is imperative that the UN appoint a new prosecutor prepared to carry on del Ponte 's work .
While only four ICTY indictees remain at large , two fugitives -- Ratko Mladic and Radovan Karadzic -- are among the most notorious suspects who must face justice before the ICTY 's work can be considered complete .
They have amassed a talented and dedicated corps of litigators whose meticulous preparation and thoughtful analyses have been critical to the court 's work .
Since leaving the ICTY , I have personally participated in annual joint training sessions for the appellate litigators of all the international criminal courts and know well that the caliber of the ICTY prosecutors ' work remains high .
Today , language barriers prevent many immigrant parents from helping their children with their homework because the texts are only in English .
The policies that transformed in China over the last two decades are unlikely to work in North Korea .
In China , economic zones -- especially the five Special Economic Zones and the Pudong area of Shanghai -- work because , from their inception , they were envisioned as laboratories for economic , social , and even political experiments .
Data on families in developing countries that receive money from relatives working abroad directly demonstrate that at least one element of globalization -- migration -- increases economic stability in poor countries .
In 2001 , workers from low - and middle-income countries sent home a staggering $ 43 billion -- more than double the level of a decade earlier and $ 5 billion more than that year 's total official foreign aid to these countries .
Migrant workers may send money home for a variety of reasons : to maintain good family relations , to ensure an inheritance , or to re-pay a loan from elders .
But whatever the reason , these so-called `` remittances '' -- the cash workers send home to countries like Colombia , Haiti , Jamaica , Mexico , and Bangladesh -- act as a safety net that their governments typically need but can not afford to provide .
In developing countries , remittances from workers abroad amount to the best insurance around .
In addition to providing their families at home with a much-needed source of stable income , expatriate migrant workers send home even more money when catastrophe strikes .
Jamaican families got far more help from loved ones living and working in places like Miami , New York , and Los Angeles .
In Jamaica , remittances from workers abroad make up more than 10 % of annual GDP on average -- more than double the level of foreign direct investment .
After all , migrant workers may be relatively well off by standards at home , but they struggle to earn a decent living in their host countries .
Given that family members are the best judge of need , migration and remittances may , in fact , constitute a foreign-aid framework that is better targeted and more effective than any government program can ever be .
Countries that regulate entry by new ISPs in this way have fewer Internet users per capita , regardless of national income and general development of the telecommunications network .
A sound regulatory framework and effective enforcement are frequently necessary for introducing competition , as well as to protect investors and consumers in the presence of a newly-privatized firm that might otherwise be able to use its substantial market power to stifle and prevent competition .
A regulatory framework friendly to entry by ISPs and other companies relevant to the technological infrastructure will do a lot more to bring developing countries into the 21st century than donations ever will .
A rapid decline in exports has caused the closure of thousands of factories in the Pearl River and Yangtze River deltas , and tens of millions of unemployed migrant workers are now returning to their hinterland provinces .
These newly laid-off workers are joining more than six million new college graduates looking for work .
If that dominance continues through increasingly powerful networking technologies , the chances of Asia creating a distinct unity of its own are slim .
Of course , one reason for that failure is that the South Vietnamese were not different enough from the North Vietnamese for the Malayan formula of identifying and isolating rebel communities by race to work .
So why did multi-communal politics ultimately work in Malaya , and then in both Malaysia and Singapore , and fail so badly in Ceylon ?
Even a visit to a bookstore can shock anyone who first came to know China decades ago , when it seemed inconceivable that works by non-Marxist theorists would ever outnumber those by Marxists .
Traditionally , successful Chinese businessmen emphasized trust and reliability in fulfilling commitments -LRB- xinyong -RRB- , the gradual development of sentiments -LRB- ganqing -RRB- with customers and suppliers , and the ability to build on networks of relationships -LRB- guanxi -RRB- that are often based on common origin or kinship .
· Personal and family networking that encourages opportunistic diversification , transcending regional and national boundaries to expand ;
Thus , control and management were carried out mostly by family members and kin , with support through networking with those in an established relationship of trust .
In addition , their often highly diversified structure and their loose network of affiliates and supply chains allow Chinese entrepreneurs to reconfigure business strategy and production facilities quickly , thereby bringing new products to market with shorter lead time .
Third , the European market place should be fully integrated into the global network of financial centers , particularly those in the United States and Asia .
To this end , her chief policy planner , the Princeton professor Anne-Marie Slaughter , has touted the US as the favored hub of a global network of people , institutions , and relationships .
But , while America thinks in terms of networks , the rest of the world is busy connecting circuits .
Clinton 's global network is already meeting roadblocks , particularly with China .
Those who assume that the obsolescent diplomacy of the twentieth century -- as it is described by today 's global network enthusiasts -- was conducted entirely behind closed doors by elites have got their history wrong .
Indeed , diplomats have long been some of the most proficient social networkers and connectors .
With the encouragement of Sudan 's government , China and Russia have thus far blocked a resolution sponsored by Britain and France that would allow the proposed hybrid force `` to use all necessary means '' to protect humanitarian workers and other civilians .
A PCA establishes a legal framework for negotiating specific agreements in such areas as trade , justice , and human rights .
Although China is not situated along the `` Northern Route '' through which Afghan narcotics traditionally enter Central Asia and Europe , new trafficking networks have developed since 2005 that transport illicit drugs from Afghanistan through Pakistan and Central Asia into China .
Insurgent attacks have killed 11 Chinese workers since 2004 .
Afghanistan 's long-term economic viability depends on the development of improved transportation , communication , and other networks to better integrate the country into the regional economy .
He says that if Roscosmos 's management decided to act , it would work with experts from Europe , the United States , China , and other space powers to decide how best to proceed .
If NATO 's forces work sufficiently well , they might weaken the insurgency enough that the Afghan military could prove adequate to overcoming the remaining hard-liners , even after foreign troops reverse their current surge and scale down their presence during the next few years .
· An underlying legal framework to support these and other cooperative projects .
Their real power , despite Secretary General Annan 's efforts to create a dialogue with them , stands outside the UN framework .
To assist them in their tasks , and to assure that the great global issues of the day are addressed in a forum that unites and does not divide , the UN needs to be strengthened in the fields in which NGO 's are working so impressively .
We have the Rome Statute of International Criminal Code ; we are heading for an innovative guide to best practice on how civil society organizations can best contribute to the work of the UN ; and we now have a large coalition , far beyond NATO , combatting terrorism .
But does it work ?
Talking to a stranger , whom one has never met before and will not meet again , may impede the normal processes of recovery that rely on one 's own social networks - family , friends , priest , doctor , who may be better able to place the trauma in context .
Of course , when a cherished belief is challenged , various counter claims arise - the evidence is for the wrong type of debriefing , the trials were not well done , elements of debriefing could still `` work , '' the testimonies of those who are certain it helped them can not be discounted , and so on .
First , unlike debriefing these interventions work not on normal people who have been exposed to adversity , but on those who have a definite psychiatric disorder .
Reform of the structures and working procedures of the EU Commission is also an urgent need .
The November elections will not resolve these fundamental questions , and whether a workable constitutional framework will develop is uncertain .
Established networks based on family , local loyalties , and tribal affiliations will be key determinants in voting . These circumstances may favor `` non-party list '' candidates associated with the Muslim Brotherhood and the former NDP , particularly in rural Egypt .
But , apart from an IMF-backed reform program , if the Egyptian government 's policy framework is right , resources will flow from the private sector , including foreign investment supportive of job creation and economic development .
But , while it should identify regulatory gaps and encourage more proactive work by the various standard-setting bodies , it should not take on daily operational responsibilities .
The G-20 should provide the political support to develop a framework that relies on monitoring , consultation , mutual oversight , reporting , and publication .
Piped water and sanitation networks are expensive .
Assuming that the poor use much less water , the monthly cost of conventional network technologies drops to $ 20 -- still a significant outlay .
If we calculate the time and energy lost in developing nations to gathering , treating , and storing water , and the health burden caused by a lack of decent drinking water and sanitation , the costs of creating a typical water and sewer network can remain higher than the benefits .
The health advantages of providing networked water supplies are less dramatic than is often assumed .
Just as the conventional wisdom that all networked water and sanitation systems are good investments can be wrong , it can be wrong in assuming that all dams are bad investments .
There are , moreover , alternatives to expensive network infrastructure systems .
An emotional speaker , Presient Lukashenka is not unpopular , for he touches the soul of the generation that mourns the Soviet Union 's passing : WWII veterans , retired people , and collective farm workers .
And there was convincing evidence that bloodletting worked : most people recovered from their illness after being treated , just as many students -LRB- though a smaller percentage -RRB- thrive in our traditional lecture-based university science courses and go on to become scientists .
It will also enable them to make wiser decisions on critically important matters of public policy , and to be far more creative and effective members of the work force .
Our initial work on nanomaterial mobility in formations resembling groundwater aquifers or sand filters has shown that while one type of nanomaterial may be very mobile , a second may stay put .
But there are growing signs that the rest of the world is gaining ground fast -- building new universities , improving existing ones , competing hard for the best students , and recruiting US-trained PhDs to return home to work in university and industry labs .
Half of the world 's top physicists no longer work in their native countries .
Student numbers have since rebounded , despite intermittent problems , but there remain severe limits on work and residency visas , which should serve as an enticement for the best and brightest to study in the US .
These include income distribution programs , special schools in poor sectors that integrate education , cultural and sport facilities , and a recycling system for the 13,000 tons of waste produced daily , thereby creating new working opportunities for street collectors .
Based on its analysis of Ukraine 's `` Orange Revolution '' as a foreign-backed `` NGO revolution , '' Russia has also been quietly building its own network of Russia-friendly NGOs in Ukraine since 2004 .
The authorities ' response follows a now-familiar pattern : high-profile pronouncements in the wake of workplace disaster give way to neglect of basic safety standards .
But if Western experience is any guide , ad hoc responses to high rates of work accidents wo n't reduce the risks to Chinese workers .
Only the development of basic legal institutions will help make Chinese workplaces safer .
Official sources report 14,675 industrial-accident deaths in China in 2003 , but statistics on workplace accidents are notoriously unreliable , and some observers suggest that the number may be closer to 120,000 .
China 's coalmines are among the most dangerous places to work in the world .
Chinese garment factories have repeatedly experienced disasters on a par with the infamous Triangle Shirtwaist fire in New York City a century ago , which killed 146 workers , all young women .
Until the recent Asian accident crisis , the poorest workplace safety record in world history belonged to the United States in the fifty years following the American Civil War .
Coalmines in Pennsylvania in the 1860s - where 6 % of the workers were killed each year , 6 % crippled , and another 6 % temporarily disabled - looked very much like the mines now operating in China 's Shaanxi Province .
Industry-wide , one American worker in fifty at the turn of the last century was killed or seriously disabled each year in work-related accidents .
Accidents were the leading cause of death among workers in dozens of hazardous industries .
There were 30,000 annual work-related fatalities a century ago ; today , the annual average is around 5,000 , even as the population has tripled .
Increased union membership in the mid-twentieth century clearly helped , as workers bargained and lobbied for improved working conditions .
In recent decades , some of the most dangerous work has been shipped overseas -LRB- ironically , much of it to China -RRB- . And as Americans have grown wealthier , they have been willing to spend more on safety .
But the deeper historical reasons for improved workplace safety lie in an array of legal institutions developed by workers , employers , lawyers , and lawmakers at the end of the 19th and beginning of the 20th centuries .
American workers ' organizations , for example , developed insurance benefits for their members and sought to exercise collective control to improve workplace safety .
Most importantly , drawing on reforms first implemented in Germany , England , and France , workers ' compensation statutes provided compensation for injured workers and created powerful incentives for employers to reduce accident tolls .
In the 1910 's , American workplace injuries began to fall in virtually every industry , except coal mining -LRB- where injury rates remained high for several decades -RRB- .
Because workplace safety and industrial accident compensation turned out to be critical early tests of western legal systems ' administrative capacity to deal with the systemic problems of industrial free-market societies .
Of course , what worked for the US may not work for China .
Unfortunately , China is obstructing all available paths to improved workplace safety .
At the same time , limits on workers ' ability to organize independent unions have inhibited grassroots forms of safety monitoring .
Even Chinese media have come under fire from officials for uncovering the kinds of workplace hazards that muckraking journalists revealed a century ago in the US .
Compensation awards to injured workers and their families are pitifully low and fail to give employers incentives to make their workplaces safe .
The lesson of the US and European experiences is that improving workplace safety depends on the development of basic rule-of-law standards in courts , workplaces , and administrative bureaucracies .
Edicts and exhortations from the State Council are all well and good . But only effective legal institutions , not Party fiat , will reduce Chinese workers ' risk of death or injury on the job .
Even as the Bush administration was spinning the notion that the torture of prisoners was the work of `` a few bad apples '' low in the military hierarchy , I knew that we were seeing evidence of a systemic policy set at the top .
It 's not that I am a genius . It 's simply that , having worked at a rape crisis center and been trained in the basics of sex crime , I have learned that all sex predators go about things in certain recognizable ways .
Those who work in the field know that once sex abusers control a powerless victim , they will invariably push the boundaries with ever more extreme behavior . Abusers start by undressing their victims , but once that line has been breached , you are likely to hear from the victim about oral and anal penetration , greater and greater pain and fear being inflicted , and more and more carelessness about exposing the crimes as the perpetrator 's inhibitions fall away .
As Barack Obama submits to the pressures of a US Department of Defense in which private contractors comprise 65 % of the staffing budget , proposes preventive detention of Guantánamo detainees , and perpetuates the status quo in myriad other ways , her question -- `` So how 's that whole hopey-changey thing workin ' out for ya ? '' -- is not the wrong question .
The original plan -- like with so many of these programs -- was based on a notion of parity : Israeli and Palestinian production teams would work together .
Day after day , the talented Palestinian team of animators , puppeteers , designers , cameramen , and producers could not get to work -- even as the Israeli team was churning out their own material in a brightly lit , well-funded studio in Tel Aviv .
The Palestinian team is utterly indistinguishable , superficially , from their European or Israeli counterparts : they are hip , young , talented , sophisticated , and more than anything they want to work to create a positive environment for their kids -- or at least a psychological respite from the reality of occupation , violence , and war .
In the former Soviet bloc , it was the poets , dramatists , cartoonists , and novelists whose works encoded forbidden themes of freedom , and who were targeted by the secret police .
Academics in the arts and humanities are notoriously bad at defending why their work has value .
Let us imagine , then , a Britain of tomorrow that includes parliamentarians who do n't know what led to World War I , or what the Enlightenment was ; journalists who ca n't write compellingly ; attorneys and judges who ca n't figure out their cases ; and spies and diplomats who do n't speak the languages or understand the cultures in which they work .
And , more importantly , when you choose your own miniskirt and halter top -- in a Western culture in which women are not so free to age , to be respected as mothers , workers or spiritual beings , and to disregard Madison Avenue -- it 's worth thinking in a more nuanced way about what female freedom really means .
Meanwhile , the supervisor confirmed -- as has online discussion by TSA employees -- that workers ordered to molest travelers are traumatized , too .
Indeed , TSA workers are now working in a sexually hostile environment , which is illegal .
In the Muslim world , there is a widespread conspiracy theory that the Israelis were behind those attacks , and that all Jews who worked in the buildings stayed home that day .
A clearly designated `` enemy '' with an unmistakable `` plan '' is psychologically more comforting than the chaotic evolution of social norms and the workings -- or failures -- of unfettered capitalism .
In one stroke , Obama gets control of the Clinton political machine : the network , the donors , and the constituency .
Half of states no longer teach civics -- the study of our Republic and how it works -- in middle school .
Employers naturally tend to hire the most educated workers on offer , and so as the number of graduates increase , so does the number of `` graduate '' jobs .
Maybe better-educated workers do their jobs more efficiently , in which case we will surely find a clear relationship between educational attainment and economic growth .
Moreover , in the past , someone who left school without the `` right '' qualifications could still succeed , through an apprenticeship or by working his way up from the shop floor .
The phase-out of ozone depleting substances through the Montreal Protocol , for instance , shows what can be done when the international community works together .
More than half of those who are of working age are jobless , according to a new International Labor Organization report .
One thing is certain : old solutions to old problems wo n't work .
PlaNYC would impose the congestion charge on the 4.6 % of New York City residents who drive to work , while its benefits would accrue to everyone .
The prime minister himself is regularly televised with relevant officials wearing the work fatigues common among Japanese engineers .
Indeed , financial markets end up doing much of the Fed 's work for it .
Ideally , the best way to make its policy credible would be for the central bank to demonstrate its commitment to the price_level targeting framework before the zero bound is reached .
Such asset shifts would work because the level of long_term interest rates is an indicator of the markets ' faith in the central bank 's commitment to maintaining low short_term rates once inflation returns .
With fewer children to replenish the workforce , the working-age cohort of those 15-64 years old would shrink from 68.4 % to 60.7 % .
With a rapidly aging population and a shrinking workforce , tax revenue will contract , while expenditure on pensions and health care will expand , undermining the fiscal position .
Furthermore , the decline in the working-age cohort would squeeze labor supply , fueling wage growth and eroding the country 's economic competitiveness .
In 2004 , for example , Guangdong Province had to raise the mandatory minimum wage by as much as 20 % to attract workers from other regions .
To hire and retain skilled workers , many foreign-invested enterprises routinely pay above the minimum wage .
But some foreign manufacturers , seeking to cap rising labor costs , are shifting production from China to cheaper destinations such as Vietnam , where average monthly wages for factory workers is $ 50-60 -- half that of China .
Banks are creatively tapping into migrant worker remittances , multiple-family households , and other previously overlooked sources of potential income and creditworthiness .
The same approach should work for fiscal policy .
For three decades , this worked .
Firms have responded to inhospitable conditions by cutting workforces and boosting productivity through more capital-intensive production processes and , when needed , by offshoring their capacities .
But reducing employment protection scares every worker in the private sector .
This is why economists want to change the unemployment and welfare systems to raise the incentives to go back to work .
Shaping up the public sector is an obvious goal , but civil servants are adamantly opposed to what would in effect mean new and much less attractive work contracts .
Sarkozy 's slogan `` work more to earn more '' has won him considerable support .
The most important concern public employment , pensions , labor legislation , and the length of the workweek , all of which generate fierce resistance .
When President Jacques Chirac 's first government attempted such a reform in 1995 , railroad workers , who can retire at age 50 or 55 , spearheaded the resistance .
A law restricting transport strikes took effect on January 1 , and Sarkozy intends to break the 35-hour workweek , albeit indirectly .
Instead of repealing the law , overtime work is to become easy and relatively cheap .
Even more provocative are the next steps : a plan to revamp the standard work contract and to require that all workers be invited to vote after eight days of a strike .
The plan , yet to be fully articulated , is to make them accountable to all workers , not just to their membership -- another way of promoting democratic legitimacy , but this time at the heart of the social system .
That form of `` administrative detention , '' used primarily against migrant workers , was the basis for Sun 's detention .
Metternich 's system worked through much of the nineteenth century , because it protected a genuine balance of power between countries that shared common values .
For example , in the 1980 's , millions of Yemeni men worked in the Kingdom .
No medicine will work if , when the patient is released , he encounters the same virus : institutionalized Wahhabism .
Instead of exporting radicalism , Saudi Arabia must start importing Yemeni manpower by lifting its ban on Yemeni workers .
Moreover , since the 1991 Gulf War , Saudi Arabia and Kuwait have been expelling Yemeni workers .
Last month alone , 54,000 Yemeni workers were expelled from Saudi Arabia .
But the GCC members ' failure to open their economies -- which are always in need of guest workers -- to Yemen 's young men is short-sighted .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates declared that , `` the fall of Saleh would pose a real problem for US counterterrorism work . ''
Indeed , the Bush administration 's unilateral behavior , including the dismantling of the 1994 Geneva Agreed Framework with North Korea , the hyping of an enriched uranium deal , and the infamous `` axis of evil '' speech , have all increased the paranoia of an already paranoid regime .
The Security Council is already at work drafting a new resolution .
Any unilateral measures against North Korea by individual countries must be executed within the broader framework of the new resolution .
As a result , growing inter-Korean hostility may ultimately prove far more lethal to the well-being of all Koreans than Roh Moo-hyun 's tragic suicide and Kim Jong-il 's futile fireworks .
Moreover , most Russians do not object strenuously to wage cuts , reductions in working hours , and unpaid leaves .
Moving and buying a new apartment in a different place is almost impossible , which makes Russian workers highly immobile .
They will even produce proof in the form of an unemployment rate that does not rise , unprecedented increases in pensions , and strong growth in construction and metal-working .
One day , it will no longer be possible to disguise unemployment through shorter working weeks , forced leaves of absence , and decreases in wages .
The idea of a bi-national Israeli-Palestinian state embodies the dangerous illusion that two peoples who are utterly different in their language , religion , culture , and history , who are divided by a deep economic chasm and connected to their own external worlds -- the Palestinians to the Arab world and Israelis to the rest of world Jewry -- can be combined in the framework of a single state .
Second , a generous -LRB- and , with time , growing -RRB- quota should be set for Palestinian laborers to work in Israel -- indeed , they must be allowed to work in the very agricultural centers around Gaza which were the most affected by the rocket attacks .
Palestinians working in Israel are good for both sides , and better than the foreigners who come from distant lands and live an isolated life in Israel , solitary and under constant threat of expulsion .
Palestinian workers , who go back home every night , do not become alienated from their normal life .
Future workers from Gaza , having a moral right to earn their living in Israel , will become natural supporters of the maintenance of the truce .
They were born in Gaza or pushed there as refugees during the war of 1948 , or in other wars . Over the course of the years , they were the masons who built our homes , they washed dishes in the restaurants where we ate , they were the merchants from whom we used to buy goods , and workers in the greenhouses of the kibbutzim .
Instead , we have to work , with caution and good sense , to reach a reasonable and detailed agreement for a lasting ceasefire that has within it the perspective that Hamas can change .
The enormous effort expended to bring the Protocol into force nonetheless indicates how much work will be required to produce the next treaty , due to be agreed in Copenhagen in December 2009 .
The authorities released two American journalists and a South Korean worker whom they had seized in August 2009 on charges of violating North Korean law .
Or , it may be that all of the provocations that have followed Kim Jong-il 's illness may be the work of Kim Jong-un himself .
We still do not know the nature of the era ahead of us ; we can only be certain that the global economy is in the middle of a major transition , and that the old ways will not work anymore .
Having learned the lessons of the 1930 's , the post-war global economic order was built on a network of international institutions , such as the International Monetary Fund , the World Bank , and what ultimately became the World Trade Organization .
The IMF also was empowered to conduct the Mutual Assessment Process of each country 's macroeconomic policies under the Framework for Strong , Sustainable , and Balanced Growth .
The recent agreement by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision on a new capital-adequacy framework is another positive step .
Indeed , East Asia seems to lack the equivalent of major EU architects like Jean Monnet and Robert Schuman -- visionaries with the stature and political support needed to begin building a framework for regional peace in a time , like today , of great change .
According to the wife of a North Korean defector who worked for 20 years as a nuclear scientist at Yongbyon , safety standards there are dangerously lax .
More broadly , only through the establishment of less ambitious , smaller-scale , and functionally oriented institutions can momentum be built for a regional framework for peace .
Unfortunately , with a large export sector that employs scores of millions of workers , this dependence has become structural , which implies that to reduce China 's trade dependency and trade surplus is much more than a matter of adjusting macroeconomic policy .
After decades of rapid expansion , China has become the workshop of the global economy .
The problem is that it is no more than a workshop : lack of innovation and creation form the economy 's Achilles ' heel .
With the economy growing by only 1.5 % last year and unemployment at 7.8 % -LRB- not far off a 17-year high -RRB- , there should be idle factors of production ready to be put to work .
A lesson we have learned from both the climate change debate on the way to the December summit in Copenhagen and from the economic crisis is that only by working together can we achieve genuine change .
Islamist leaders have imposed new restrictions on women , including prohibitions on work , bans on travel without a muhram -LRB- male guardian -RRB- , and compulsory veiling .
According to the Organization of Women 's Freedom in Iraq -LRB- OWFI -RRB- , formed in Baghdad in 2003 , women are harassed if they appear in the streets of most Iraqi cities and towns , educational institutions , or work places .
In fact , the practice targets holders of PhD 's , professionals , political activists , and office workers .
Ambulance drivers in Basra , paid to `` clean the streets '' before people go to work , pick up many more bodies of women every morning .
Last year I worked in Ghana as country director of Journalists for Human Rights , a Canadian group that helps African journalists give voice to the voiceless in their society while raising awareness of human rights abuses .
Bush , who created the command , gave the US Department of Defense new powers to work on civilian issues in Africa and to expand its military partnerships with governments in the region .
Seven of the planned 80 dishes in the network have been built .
Today , the country is believed to have about 60 working astronomers , more than half of all the astronomers working in Africa . `` South Africa is the jewel of African astronomy , '' says Charles McGruder , a professor in the Department of Physics and Astronomy at Western Kentucky University .
Not only does the world 's largest telescope network `` belong in Africa , '' says Sune Svanberg , a physicist at Lund University in Sweden . `` Good forces also can join with the African scientist to create many small-scale projects in the region that are realistic to operate . ''
There some 1,500 Africans process American health-insurance claims - working around the clock , in three shifts .
? Greater Competitiveness : African leaders have been slow to realize that they must woo foreign corporations with special services , training programs for workers , and even subsidized offices .
Asian countries attract many jobs by creating `` industrial parks , '' with more reliable services , including ultra-reliable communications networks , offered at competitive prices .
By restructuring their secondary schools and universities to train graduates with skills demanded by multinational corporations , Asian countries also create more competitive workforces .
The supply of African professionals and skilled workers , meanwhile , is tight ; shortages also drive up wages .
What has been missing , however , are energetic extension workers , brimming with pride in their own people and passion for new approaches .
Nkhoma is one of the best front-line farm advisers in Malawi , which is why she works on the country 's United Nations-sponsored Millennium Village , one of only 12 in Africa .
After working for more than ten years as a government farm adviser and accomplishing little , she was chosen by a foreign donor to gain a bachelor 's degree in agriculture .
`` If you have an energetic extension worker , you only need to change the mindset of the people , '' she says .
Motivated by profit and market share rather than philanthropy , Huawei is outpacing American and European rivals through lower prices , faster action , and a greater willingness to work in difficult environments .
The Indian stove is clearly a work-in-progress ; it is too bulky and not durable enough to survive the rigors of an African village .
Even as California 's roads fall apart and public institutions decline -- the result of too little spending and public workers who are too expensive -- the state continues to operate the finest set of public universities in the US .
Agriculture relies heavily on illegal workers from Mexico , who live temporarily near the fields and take their earnings back home .
This decentralized delivery of goods relies on employees working for two weeks before receiving a paycheck , companies offering each other lines of credit , and banks offering bridge loans .
When two monkeys work for food , a fair split is expected .
Our evidence suggests that bastards ' brains work differently . Their character traits are similar to those of sociopaths .
On the contrary , working together , and trading with each other in markets , is morality in action .
Likewise , China 's success , and the temptation to bandwagon on its development model , has reinvigorated IP 's appeal , as have better policy tools and greater experience of what works and what does n't -- a point well argued by Justin Lin of the World Bank .
Industrial policies must be based on a country 's factor endowments , and should build on concrete opportunities to integrate industries and firms in global value chains -- for example , by deepening existing linkages with international production networks and export markets -- while avoiding overinvestment in international growth laggards .
Indeed , the economist Robert Mundell , whose work on optimal monetary zones is credited with laying the theoretical groundwork for the euro , insists that China should maintain its fixed exchange rate as a necessary part of its current phase of economic development .
Pegged exchange rates clearly have been essential to East Asia 's economic takeoff , for they work well with the region 's export-oriented development model . But the effectiveness of a fixed exchange rate is determined by how developments in the export sector influence domestic industries and the national economy as a whole .
Now , it is laying the groundwork to become a global power in more sophisticated , technology-intensive industries .
Moreover , a new labor law and income policies will further increase workforce costs .
This body of work challenges the traditional focus on the individual 's inner nature , dispositions , and personality traits as the primary -- and often the sole -- factors in understanding human failings .
For anyone who believes in free markets , the most serious risk of the current situation is that the interest of a few financiers will undermine the capitalist system 's fundamental workings .
A subsequent investigation into the work of the Commission was more thorough than the Commission 's investigation of the crisis .
After reading through the emails , a congressional report found evidence that the Commission 's work was guided by politics rather than fact-finding .
Countries are trying to break the credit freeze , bolster financial institutions , ease interest rates , strengthen safety nets , and revive consumption and investment in order to boost business , enable people to work , and lay the foundation for future growth .
Looking beyond the old G-7 system , we need a twenty-first-century approach to multilateralism through the dynamism of a flexible network , not new hierarchies of a fixed or static system .
