Force has never worked with the Pashtun tribes , and there is no evidence that this has changed .
But this inside knowledge also worked against the militants , because it demonstrated what was at stake for the country at large .
Many militants in Punjab worked closely with the Pakistani intelligence services for years , and their infrastructure is dispersed and hidden in various towns and villages .
For at least the next two months , the United Nations Security Council will debate a blueprint for Kosovo 's future , arduously worked out during a year of `` negotiations '' between the governments in Belgrade and Pristina by UN envoy and former Finnish president Martti Ahtisaari .
A close look at productivity growth -LRB- output per hour worked -RRB- in the US and Europe shows that US capitalism remains as vital than ever .
Six OECD countries do better than America in terms of output per hour worked : Norway , Belgium , France , Ireland , the Netherlands , and Germany .
The reason for examining output per person rather than output per hour worked is simple : what determines a nation 's wealth is how much each person works , and how many people work .
Annual hours worked in the US are about 1800 , about 1500 in France , and 1400 in Germany .
The Maastricht convergence criteria that led to the euro 's creation worked because they were imposed by a multinational agreement and were monitored multinationally .
Currently , the average number of hours worked per person aged 15 to 25 each year in France and Germany is about 50 % lower than in the United States .
Indeed , until the mid-1970 's , the number of hours worked on either side of the Atlantic was roughly the same .
? the number of hours worked in a `` normal '' week , i.e. , with no vacation .
They may not change by much the number of hours worked by the main breadwinner in a family -LRB- typically a man -RRB- , but they do influence the participation of women in the labor force .
As the C onvention worked , our mandate was transformed due to various pressures .
Although such incidents reveal a troubling level of mistrust between the Chinese and Japanese that is not merely a product of media coverage , it is noteworthy that both governments have worked consistently , diligently , and with considerable success to resolve such problems and contain their political fallout .
It worked .
By 1998 , Russia already had achieved a critical mass of markets and private enterprise , while the financial crash of that year worked like a catharsis , forcing the government to abolish enterprise subsidies that underpinned a devastating budget deficit of some 9 % of GDP .
As anyone who has worked in Tibet recently knows well , this was an inexactitude : since at least 1996 , all Tibetans who work for the government and all Tibetan students in Tibet have been forbidden any Buddhist practice , even though it is illegal under Chinese law to stop people from practicing an official religion .
The government and army worked hand in hand with legions of volunteers and private networks to rescue quake victims .
But the changing international environment , the threat of uncontrolled nuclear proliferation in the Middle East , and the new policies being worked out in the US might all be good reasons for Israel to consider revising its nuclear doctrine .
After all , the current strategy has not really worked either as a deterrent against conventional attacks -LRB- which persisted throughout the years that Israel supposedly developed its nuclear arsenal -RRB- or as a warning to rivals -LRB- such as Iran -RRB- against developing a nuclear weapon .
That was also the logic of the Barcelona Process in the late 1990 's , whereby the European Union worked to promote the development and democratization of the countries of the Maghreb as the best way to stem the uncontrolled tide of illegal immigration into Europe .
The strategy worked well , and helped defuse Islamic opposition to the wrenching changes that accompanied the country 's rapid economic modernization .
This model has worked remarkably well not just in generating growth , but also , as documented in the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development 's 2008 Transition Report , in improving the institutions that support markets and democracy in Eastern Europe .
A decisive US effort behind President Bush 's initial call for the immediate withdrawal of Israeli troops from the occupied territories could have worked .
This strategy has not worked and will not work .
Many proponents of semiconductor chips also presumed that what you worked at determined whether , in your outlook , you would be a dunce -LRB- producing potato chips -RRB- or a `` with-it '' modernist -LRB- producing semiconductor chips -RRB- .
After World War II , the West dismantled barriers to trade and investment flows , and worked to eliminate exchange controls and move to currency convertibility .
Cheap Asian televisions gave Western households the wherewithal to purchase PC 's powered by Intel microprocessors and Microsoft software , which are designed by engineering graduates who would otherwise have worked for TV manufacturers .
The fundamental economic mechanism that determined how the world worked was the struggle for rents between workers and capitalists .
Moreover , the Commission has already worked to harmonize the assumptions needed to forecast public pension outlays and achieve cross-country comparability .
The first decision was to reduce taxes on overtime work , a measure clearly aimed at increasing the number of hours worked .
Needless to say , as unemployment rose and many other countries decreased hours worked in order to contain job losses , tax reductions on overtime were phased out and the scope of short-time work was enhanced .
As coordination among sovereign states has plainly not worked , only two possibilities are left .
Gradualism and profitability , and eventually US Brady bonds , worked in the Latin American debt crisis in the 1980 's .
The constitutional balanced-budget rules -LRB- for operating budgets , with borrowing allowed for capital spending such as school construction -RRB- found in many US states have by and large worked well , and Germany has recently moved in this direction .
Odinga worked hard to help elect Kibaki in 2002 , only to see Kibaki renege on a similar pledge .
It worked .
Moreover , during the political standoff , Calderon has worked behind the scenes to form an administration and to settle on a governing strategy .
Indeed , it was the basis on which Belgian Foreign Minister Paul-Henri Spaak and his colleagues worked when setting the scene for the Treaty of Rome and the European Economic Community .
Once President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing and Federal Chancellor Helmut Schmidt made the joint Franco German proposal for the Economic and Monetary Union -LRB- EMU -RRB- , both Belgium and the Netherlands worked together to achieve that common goal .
Of course , access to a networked world has also balanced state power in positive ways , by giving a formidable boost to independent advocacy , as seen in the online campaign to ban landmines and the treaty that ratified its success -- despite opposition by powerful states .
While WikiLeaks has certainly not had a similar effect , it epitomizes the extent of the individual 's empowerment in a networked world .
The system worked in a fashion : LDP faction bosses took turns as prime minister , palms were greased by various business interests , more or less capable bureaucrats decided on domestic economic policies , and the United States took care of Japan 's security -LRB- and much of its foreign policy , too -RRB- .
This involved some strong-arm tactics , especially against the unions , but it worked mostly because the middle class settled for an informal deal : increased material prosperity in exchange for political acquiescence .
The post-war political order , though no longer belligerent , was just as murky , with bureaucrats acting as the puppeteers of underfunded and ill-informed politicians , who operated regional pork-barrel operations together with big business , which in turn worked in cahoots with the bureaucrats .
So long as Japan was playing catch-up with the West , and government and industrial resources were concentrated on economic growth , the system worked quite well .
That 's right , said another Turk within earshot , a fluent English speaker who spent much time in London , worked for NGOs promoting human rights , and was jailed in the 1980 's for opposing the military regime : `` I hate Europe . I 'm not European , and who needs Europe , anyway ? ''
It may be a Faustian bargain -- prosperity in exchange for political obedience -- but so far it has worked .
Before the Bush administration , various American presidents worked hard to change the US relationship with Latin America from one of hegemon and dominated states to something like the relations that exist with the European allies .
Mexico 's current institutions were designed and built for an authoritarian rule , not for democracy , and they worked while Mexico was governed by a single party , the PRI .
Fox and his team thought that the mechanisms that worked during the authoritarian period could simply be transferred to the democratic era and function smoothly .
The US , for example , has worked hard in recent years to co-opt India in a `` soft alliance '' shorn of treaty obligations .
And China , seeking to tighten its grip on Tibet , has worked to control the traditional process of finding the reincarnation of any senior lama that passes away .
They are usually overworked , underfed , and underpaid -- if they are paid at all .
Children , of course , are unlikely to organize or complain to authorities when they are overworked and underpaid .
For thousands of South American , Caribbean , and African children rented out as maids and houseboys , there is no recourse when they are overworked , beaten , and raped .
This worked in postwar Germany , but then traumatic memories of the Nazis and the relative weakness of antidemocratic movements helped .
Italians -LRB- and later Turks -RRB- who worked in Northern Europe and then returned home with sufficient assets to start small businesses made a double contribution ; they helped their host countries and then helped their home countries .
Another is that Blair consistently seemed to pay much less attention to Parliament than to the right-wing tabloid press : the spin and media manipulation to which his office devoted so much effort worked wonders at first , but soon generated deep skepticism and mistrust .
I had never worked in the financial industry , and knew few people who did . -LRB- Full disclosure : I am now an independent Director of Morgan Stanley . -RRB-
I do not think so , and to argue as much devalues the efforts of many overworked and underpaid public servants around the world .
With lower inflation , this raised workers ' real disposable income , enabling trade union leaders to demonstrate to their members that wage moderation worked and was in their interest .
And , in that alternative universe , having worked off the entire burden of overbuilding , we would by now have returned to trend levels of production , employment , and demand .
Hours worked in American business fell at a 2.7 % annual rate in the second quarter .
It is very likely that hours worked will continue to fall in the third quarter .
He also worked for a president who cared deeply about policy as well as politics -- and who was willing to be convinced , at least most of the time , that good policy would turn out in the long run to be good politics .
Western Europe 's productivity per hour worked , for example , is now only 10 % or so below America 's .
But the fact that the system worked for almost everyone was the final buttress holding up the cathedral .
But while Western Europe 's post-war institutional order has worked almost miraculously well in historical terms , voters have narrower views and focus on more private concerns .
Those of us who served in the Clinton administration and worked hard to put America 's finances in order and turn deficits into surpluses are keenly aware that , after eight years of the George W. Bush administration , things look worse than when we started back in 1993 .
Europe was decisive and generous , and it worked .
Se¨elj has worked hard to soften his image .
For those who have worked in the US for 10 or 15 years , the Bush piñata is a mere decoration .
But , throughout last year , French , German , and other EU leaders worked against rather than with each other when putting their policies in place .
They wrote back and asked him to resend files in the older '' . doc '' format -- which might not have worked if he had inadvertently used some new-fangled formatting feature .
Financial innovation , meanwhile , worked to make credit even cheaper and more widely available .
Bonds of this sort have worked elsewhere , notably in Argentina 's recent debt restructuring . They have not been without controversy , with investors complaining that the Argentine government manipulates the statistics .
One view is that their surpluses were a corollary of the policies favoring export-led growth that worked so well for so long . China 's leaders are understandably reluctant to abandon a tried-and-true model .
I have long worked to secure a `` much more common '' foreign policy within the EU . Therefore I am worried by today 's split within the EU as well as between some member countries and the US over Iraq .
Few have worked harder to shake the world out of its complacency than four of the hardest-nosed realists ever to hold public office : former US Secretaries of State Henry Kissinger and George Shultz , former US Secretary of Defense William Perry , and former US Senator Sam Nunn .
By contrast , the central bank could lower interest rates rapidly , which worked to raise household and business spending through a variety of channels .
The EU has worked for 20 years on these reforms .
This formula worked with the Monetary Union .
So far , thanks to the euro , the ECB , Gordon Brown , and Sarkozy , the EU has worked well in the world financial crisis .
Despite the NPT , a clear separation between civilian and military use of nuclear energy has n't always worked , or worked completely , because the NPT 's rules permit all signatory states to develop and use -- under international supervision -- all of the components of the nuclear fuel cycle for civilian purposes .
Among many other decisions that have worked out well for them , both countries have foregone a standing army .
America 's third mistake was to overestimate how effective conventional military power would be in dealing with the weak states and networked transnational organizations that characterize international politics , at least in the broader Middle East .
This linkage does exist in the case of Hezbollah , but the networked actors have their own social roots and are not simply pawns used by regional powers .
Attempts to eradicate it using chemicals worked only fleetingly .
One of Monnet 's first actions was to declare that modernization could not be attained while the French worked such short hours ; a 45-hour working week was the minimum that was necessary .
Investors should not worry , they argue , because the current bailout mechanism -- the European Financial Stability Facility -LRB- EFSF -RRB- -- has worked so far without any haircut for bondholders , and will continue to be applied until about 2013 .
These two simple elements -- orderly default and a financing mechanism -- could resolve the current crisis within the euro zone : by creating a European Monetary Fund along these lines , the euro area would acquire an institution that could support member countries in difficulties , but that would also ensure that market discipline really worked .
Until now , European integration worked best when it reduced the role of public -LRB- usually national -RRB- intervention , thus opening up national markets .
In thinking about this possibility we are drawn to the example of Ireland , where a two-state solution has worked .
In fact , after inspections were suspended in 1998 , Iraq worked tirelessly to build an impenetrable wall around the people responsible for its weapons programs .
Non-believers often have as strong and sound a sense of right and wrong as anyone , and have worked to abolish slavery and contributed to other efforts to alleviate human suffering .
But in almost every successful case -- for example , Mexico and Argentina in 1995 , Korea in 1998 , and Brazil in 1999 -- what worked was a combination of domestic adjustment and international support .
This à la carte approach is how NATO has always worked .
For the only time that long night , I addressed Karadzic directly , telling him that we worked only for President Bill Clinton and that he could call Carter if he wished but that we would leave and that the bombing would intensify .
Margaret Thatcher worked with Jacques Delors to forge the Single Market in 1986 .
But , even if the measures worked as supposed , the majority of trade defense measures are probably not directed against anti-competitive business practices .
Zhao , who once worked for the government 's own product-safety watchdog and lived in the capital , saw an opportunity to help less well-positioned families .
Poles had worked in some agricultural jobs -- in sugar beet and wine harvesting -- even during the communist era .
The plenary meeting was paralyzed by the way in which the preparatory commissions had worked .
Banking is inherently competitive ; but at the same time , it is not an industry where competition ever worked very well .
Such a system worked as long as events in one country did not have a negative impact on other borrowers and there was no systemic risk or systemic contagion .
Indeed , US companies have been forced to pay tens of billions of dollars to ex-employees who worked with asbestos .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Just over a hundred years ago , the United States led the world in terms of rethinking how big business worked -- and when the power of such firms should be constrained .
Yet , in many ways , accumulating reserves worked better than anyone could have imagined -- countries found that they could withstand considerable shocks and growth was impressive both domestically and globally .
With Senators Patrick Leahy and Chuck Grassley , Kaufman worked last year to pass a bill providing timely resources to federal law enforcement agencies working on recent financial fraud .
And it worked -- in the sense that we are now experiencing an economic recovery , albeit one with a disappointingly slow employment rebound in the US and some European countries .
But the bullets and clubs unleashed on Buddhist monks have worked . The monks have retreated , and an eerie normalcy has returned to Yangon -LRB- Rangoon -RRB- , Myanmar 's principal city and former capital .
India , which `` normalized '' bilateral relations a few years ago , is reluctant to alienate Myanmar 's military , with which it has worked closely to counter rebels in India 's northeast who had been using the common border to tactical advantage .
Yet it has worked , preventing catastrophic wars while making people more civilized and cautious .
After all , it worked successfully for decades : the unprecedented geostrategic , military , and ideological confrontation of the Cold War never escalated into open , head-to-head warfare .
But it would not have worked without the crucial role played by competition .
He worked to strengthen and modernize Russia 's armed forces while avoiding armed conflict .
By shattering that coalition , Hatoyama destroyed the governing majority Ozawa had worked so cunningly to construct .
This worked for three decades , but now the link is weakening .
As long as US policy supported stable prices in world markets , the system worked well , notwithstanding the asymmetry and built-in conflict over the control of monetary policy .
Their strategy worked .
This strategy -- which worked well for decades -- always carried the risk that at some point America 's resources might be tied up elsewhere , leaving Europe under-protected .
A disc jockey in his youth , he later worked in some international financial institutions , where he spied for the communists , something he openly admits .
The hudna worked out between militant Palestinian groups and the Palestinian Authority -LRB- with the knowledge of the Americans -RRB- clearly lacked a major component : Israel 's assent to the agreement .
Sheikh Ahmad Yasin , a paraplegic refugee from the village of Jora -LRB- now on Israel 's southern coast -RRB- , worked quietly to build a grass-root movement with the tacit assent of the Israeli army , which sought to encourage an alternative to the PLO .
Its leading journalists are Western-trained , many having worked for years at the BBC .
There is still a newfound opportunity to improve governance , but only Anwar has the experience to provide that direction , because no one else in the opposition has worked in government at such a senior level as he has .
In Ukraine and Moldova , the Kremlin has worked hard , with some success , to blunt the appeal of Europe .
Those who agreed that corruption worked had less respect for the political system 's legitimacy .
The narrow focus of the climate debate on emissions reductions has worked against a clear focus on reducing vulnerability .
But the lessons that are sometimes derived from Sweden 's experience are based on misunderstandings of what we actually did , and of how our system worked .
In 2004 , the French worked 28 % fewer hours per person than Americans , and the Germans and Dutch each put in 25 % fewer hours , and the money they earned was correspondingly lower -- almost 30 % less income per person than Americans received .
Disney could not have worked a more seductive transformation .
Imagine how American managers would react to consultants arriving from Ghana with their `` best practice '' : `` It worked in Accra , so it is bound to work in New York ! ''
Productivity is a measure of output per hour worked .
That , too , is `` productive '' -- until these overworked people quit or burn out .
Although the Party 's carrot-and-stick approach has worked since 1989 , it is doubtful that it will retain its efficacy for another 17 years .
The rules of political life in Kuwait have been worked out over 300 years -- since this small area emerged as a self-contained polity .
But Putin and Medvedev have worked together for more than 17 years with no serious conflicts .
The late twentieth century worked so well for Europeans .
When I worked on messaging for Al Gore 's 2000 presidential campaign , I often argued with white , older , affluent , male advisers who cared intensely about what was said in the elite media but ignored the popular venues to which most Americans pay attention .
That strategy has largely worked .
Among the political benchmarks are provincial elections , enactment of an oil law that distributes oil wealth in a way that benefits the Sunnis , and reform of the de-Baathifcation policy , which has been so costly to those who worked in the Iraqi government under Saddam .
None of the proposals suggested thus far is perfect , and many of the details need to be worked out .
In the wake of the UN 's failures to prevent genocide and ethnic cleansing in Rwanda and Kosovo in the 1990 's , Kofi Annan worked with others to persuade governments to recognize a new responsibility to protect endangered peoples .
Or , in the words of Army General Wayne Downing , who worked in the White House , `` over the years , the interagency system has become so lethargic and dysfunctional that it inhibits the ability to apply the vast power of the US government on problems .
Ronald Reagan practiced extreme delegation , which worked when he had an able team in place , but turned into a disaster when Donald Regan , John Poindexter , and Oliver North took over .
Societies that rely on heroic leaders are slow to develop the civil society and broad social capital that are necessary for leading in a modern networked world .
Instead , he worked tirelessly to expand the identity of his followers both by words and deeds .
Networked Leaders CAMBRIDGE -- In an environment of mobile phones , computers , and Web sites such as MySpace , Facebook , and LinkedIn , it is commonplace to say that we live in a networked world .
In a networked world , leadership is more like being in the middle of the circle and attracting others than being `` king of the mountain '' and issuing orders to subordinates down below .
Barack Obama understands this networked dimension of leadership and the importance of the soft power of attraction .
While it is still too early in his presidency to judge the outcome , it is clear that he is attempting to change processes and adapt leadership to a more networked world .
Networked communications , on the other hand , can take advantage of two-way communications and peer-to-peer relations to overcome cultural differences .
The EU 's approach to sharing power , hammering out agreements , and resolving conflict by multiple committees can be frustrating and lacks drama , but it is increasingly relevant for many issues in a networked and interdependent world .
And , in recent years , China has worked behind the scenes to prevent permanent Security Council membership from conveying great-power status on India .
Even in the era of alleged American hegemony , studies show that only one-fifth of America 's efforts to compel change in other countries through military threats were successful , while economic sanctions worked in only half of all cases .
In the mid 1990 's , the company worked closely with the late dictator , General Sani Abacha , to suppress the Movement for the Survival of Ogoni People , a grassroots environmental and minority rights organization led by Ken Saro-Wiwa , who was later executed by the regime .
He 's scooped you on your main idea , although he has n't thought through the implications , or worked out all the other ideas that comprise your theory .
In 1992 , he commanded a military base in an Amazon village where coca leaf was grown -- and where Sendero Luminoso guerrillas and drug trafficking bands worked together .
Greece and Turkey also worked together to prevent the war in Iraq from spilling over into neighboring countries .
These manipulations worked : Oragir was closed down , which forced us to appear under the name Haykakan Zhamanak .
Moreover , a Palestinian state would not only comprise the West Bank and Gaza , but presumably would also have to accommodate the principal political parties in each area . Attempts to destroy Hamas -- whether politically or physically -- have not worked and can not work .
Why should what worked in Northern Ireland -- indeed , what was pressed on Britain by the United States -- be unthinkable in the Middle East ?
It worked far better than the doubters ever imagined was possible -- indeed , perhaps even better than its progenitors expected .
The Visegrad initiative worked to some extent , though it was temporarily paralyzed by the disintegration of Czechoslovakia just over a decade ago .
Despite all this pressure , the ruling coalitions in the Poland , the Czech Republic , and Hungary held together , as the historical mission of attaining EU membership worked like a lid on a pressure cooker .
And Europe , with the vital support of the United States , worked hard to stop the carnage of the 1990 's and subsequently to help rebuild the Balkan countries .
Why have these policies not worked thus far in bringing down unemployment , even though the growth recovery is well under way ?
The progressive economist says that stimulus worked , staving off a much deeper recession -- if not worse -- but that the measures were too timid to generate a robust recovery .
How those sanctions worked in tandem with other forms of pressure provides hope that they may yet help turn Iran around .
But Tajbakhsh was also a consultant to the Soros Foundation , which , according to Ahmadinejad 's government , has worked against Islam .
The Convention worked in full transparency for more than a year , designing a single , consolidated draft Treaty that was agreed upon by a broad consensus among its members .
But things have not worked out according to plan .
It might have worked like a dream -- and until about a year and a half ago , many financiers , economists , and policymakers thought that it did .
Two-track reform worked well in Deng 's China but not in Gorbachev 's Soviet Union .
It worked : America 's corporate insiders repeatedly pushed the proposal off of the SEC agenda in the ensuing decade .
Just because something worked over the past 200 years does not mean that it will necessarily continue to work .
Gradual global warming is hard enough to notice , much less get worked up about .
Analysts who have worked their entire lives only on advanced economies have learned to bet on things going well , because for the couple of decades prior to the crisis , things mostly did go well -- very well .
Moreover , the total effect on labor income -- the product of jobs times hours worked times average hourly wages -- has been more severe than that implied by the job losses alone , because many firms are cutting their workers ' hours , placing them on furlough , or lowering their wages as a way to share the pain .
They live from paycheck to paycheck -- often a shrinking paycheck , owing to the decline in hourly wages and hours worked .
Moreover , income and wealth inequality is rising again : poorer households are at greater risk of unemployment , falling wages , or reductions in hours worked , all leading to lower labor income , whereas on Wall Street outrageous bonuses have returned with a vengeance .
As in many parts of the world , it may be several generations before the region 's crimes can be worked through .
Today , most Israelis believe that this step , though justified on strategic grounds in the face of constant attacks by the Lebanese group Hizbollah , convinced Palestinians that violence worked .
He worked on a range of problems , typically the major international and national economic issues of the day , drawing on his knowledge of economic history to illuminate the present .
They worked to help focus media attention on America 's commitment to help the Pakistani people .
Many of us , notably current UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon , have worked hard to make this possible , with Ban repeatedly emphasizing the special emergency arising from the global food , financial , and energy crises of the past two years .
An early assessment of the stimulus packages suggests that China 's program has worked well .
Haiti 's economy worked badly in the past , and was still reeling from four hurricanes in 2008 when the earthquake struck .
The main lesson of modern economic history is that we live in a globally networked economy .
US leadership to preserve the peaceful connections of a networked global society is the true foreign policy calling of the 21st century .
The UN process worked .
However , a small but increasing number of conservative thinkers - while not democrats - advocate a more pragmatic and conciliatory approach , essentially adopting the language that once worked so well for the now-beleaguered reformists .
The details for implementing our proposal need to be worked out by Nigerian politicians .
But now we know that the containment regime worked .
It worked against Libya , leading Muammar Khadafi in the late 1990 's to stop sponsoring terrorism , turn over the Lockerbie bombers for trial , and pay compensation to British and French victims of Libyan-sponsored terrorism .
Unions should instead negotiate with management the same way top executives do with their boards of directors when their complex compensation packages are worked out .
Unfortunately , the two policies have often worked at cross purposes , diminishing America 's long-term influence in the region and at times hurting its ability to conduct the war .
For 50 years , Buffett , now 75 , has worked at accumulating a vast fortune .
Defenders of privacy have worked , with some success , to prevent insurance companies from requiring genetic testing before issuing life insurance .
That remark may have been a bitter payback for the role Spencer believed the media , and the paparazzi who worked for them , played in Diana 's death , but it was not without truth .
So Karnofsky and Hassenfeld got together with six friends who also worked in finance and divided up the field to find out which charities could be shown to be effective .
What McCain and Obama Ignore PRINCETON -- Barack Obama worked for three years as a community organizer on Chicago 's blighted South Side , so he knows all about the real poverty that exists in America .
By contrast , in Germany the average pension level is about 61 % of average net earnings for people who have worked at least 35 years .
This system has worked quite well since the nineteenth century , even though -LRB- or because -RRB- it involved a substantial number of state bankruptcies .
Ludwig Erhard 's liberal economic approach worked and the socialist ideas found in the party programs of the Social Democrats and Christian Democrats were forgotten .
Despite many financial crises and defaults , this creditor-debtor relationship worked , on the whole , to the benefit of both sides .
· A British company specializing in improving the energy efficiency of homes was floated on the London Stock Exchange last June and now employs 4,000 people who once worked in nearby , now closed , coal mines .
Fewer hours worked , longer vacations , and a declining population -LRB- since 2005 -RRB- have , predictably , undermined Japanese growth .
Sarkozy 's attempt to co-opt far-right rhetoric on security and immigration has not worked , because , when it comes to national chauvinism , the French prefer its authentic purveyors .
But the LDP worked hand in glove with Japan 's deeply entrenched bureaucracy , of which the prosecutors are a part .
Despite this , artificial life-support has worked .
The old hybrid -- in which advanced countries operated with floating exchange rates and open capital accounts , while developing countries managed the exchange rate via capital controls and reserve accumulation as part their growth strategies -- worked as long as emerging markets ' systemic effects were relatively small .
It is not a machine that goes on of its own accord , but is instead something that must be lived and worked for by Europeans .
This shield may , perhaps , have worked too well because the more weakly performing countries faced no discipline from financial markets .
This prescription worked for a time in a few countries , but was risky , as Argentina was to show .
But back in America , the belief that the surge `` worked '' is now leading many to argue that more troops are needed in Afghanistan .
Like many of Enron 's investments , it worked well in the short run , but did not pan out in the long run .
The old system worked well for the bankers -LRB- if not for their shareholders -RRB- , so why should they embrace change ?
For the past three decades , one strand within the economics profession was constructing models that assumed that markets worked perfectly .
Innumerable details must be worked out before a global money scheme could be put into practice , and changes will not occur overnight .
Securitization -- putting large numbers of mortgages together to be sold to pension funds and investors around the world -- worked only because there were rating agencies that were trusted to ensure that mortgage loans were given to people who would repay them .
In the end , a mortgage holder would owe far more than the bank ever received , even though the debtor had worked , in effect , one-quarter time for the bank .
She has been an outspoken advocate of financial-sector reforms , and has won the respect of all of those with whom she has worked .
The reason deficit reduction worked in the US in 1993 was that America 's banks , whose balance sheets were weak , had large holdings of long-term bonds , the value of which increased as long-term interest rates fell .
The money worked as intended -- not to promote development , but to keep Zaire on the side of the West .
Let 's not forget that , within the limits of its powers , the UN worked .
In other words , deliberative democracy - -- perhaps our most important safeguard against headstrong and reckless action -- worked at the UN , but not in the US .
The democratic deliberative process worked , and it yielded the right answer .
Lower interest rates worked , but not so much because they boosted investment , but because they led households to refinance their mortgages , and fueled a bubble in housing prices .
Though crocodile tears may be shed all around , the extent of disappointment needs to be calibrated : Pascal Lamy , the head of the World Trade Organization , had long worked to diminish expectations , so much so that it was clear that whatever emerged would bring , at most , limited benefits to poor countries .
The world 's lone superpower , the US , has demonstrated its disdain for supranational institutions and worked assiduously to undermine them .
Based on changes in the economy , I and the staff that worked with me on President Bill Clinton 's Council of Economic Advisers argued that the NAIRU was considerably lower .
China recognized that it could not simply transfer economic institutions that had worked in other countries ; at the least , what succeeded elsewhere had to be adapted to the unique problems confronting China .
In a sense , the strategy worked : a housing bubble fed a consumption boom , as savings rates plummeted to zero . The economic weaknesses were simply being postponed to some future date ; the Bush administration hoped that the day of reckoning would come after November 2008 . Instead , things began to unravel in August 2007 .
When Ma 's popularity fell dramatically as Taiwan 's economy suffered from the global financial crisis , China 's leaders worked with Ma to pre-empt just such an outcome .
Europe 's technocrats worked in the service of security ahead of the EU 's enlargement in 2004 to the former communist states of Central Europe .
But Western sanctions have not worked , either .
The daughter of a government clerk , Mayawati studied law and worked as a teacher before being spotted by the BSP 's founder , the late Kanshi Ram , and groomed for political leadership .
Beginning in the mid-1990 's , the rate of growth in output per hour worked -- a key factor behind the rise in per capita income -- slowed in most European countries while it rose in the US , reversing a decades-long pattern .
Had the eurozone introduced such a system from the outset , it might well have worked .
The IMF , the World Bank , and other international financial institutions , such as the European Investment Bank and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development , as well as the European Central Bank and the European Commission , have worked together to stabilize the situation .
Throughout my entire career I have worked with many people whose driving impulse has been to serve Hong Kong .
But , above all , it is an honor and a privilege to play such a role in our society , and I know that the vast majority of officials , legislators , judges , and civil servants with whom I 've worked would agree .
As one who worked in the gas industry before entering politics , I know that the gas trade in the countries of the former Soviet Union is riddled with corruption .
These tactics worked .
Nothing worked , because the kolkhoz system was incompatible with high achievement in the long run .
The health advantages of providing networked water supplies are less dramatic than is often assumed .
Just as the conventional wisdom that all networked water and sanitation systems are good investments can be wrong , it can be wrong in assuming that all dams are bad investments .
And there was convincing evidence that bloodletting worked : most people recovered from their illness after being treated , just as many students -LRB- though a smaller percentage -RRB- thrive in our traditional lecture-based university science courses and go on to become scientists .
Of course , what worked for the US may not work for China .
It 's not that I am a genius . It 's simply that , having worked at a rape crisis center and been trained in the basics of sex crime , I have learned that all sex predators go about things in certain recognizable ways .
In the Muslim world , there is a widespread conspiracy theory that the Israelis were behind those attacks , and that all Jews who worked in the buildings stayed home that day .
For three decades , this worked .
Metternich 's system worked through much of the nineteenth century , because it protected a genuine balance of power between countries that shared common values .
For example , in the 1980 's , millions of Yemeni men worked in the Kingdom .
According to the wife of a North Korean defector who worked for 20 years as a nuclear scientist at Yongbyon , safety standards there are dangerously lax .
Last year I worked in Ghana as country director of Journalists for Human Rights , a Canadian group that helps African journalists give voice to the voiceless in their society while raising awareness of human rights abuses .
