Nevertheless , fourteen civil society activists who attempted to organize a special meeting to address the realities of the Kurdish issue in Syria recently received various sentences on charges of working to undermine national unity .
UNICEF is working around the clock to restore a sense of normalcy for Gaza 's youth -- developing remedial worksheets to help children keep up with their studies ; creating sports and recreation programs in schools ; and working with communities to establish play areas where kids can be kids in safety .
As the maneuvering continues , Israel and Egypt find themselves working together to bolster Abbas and Fatah .
In turn , the high tax rates needed to support the old discourage the young from working , creating a vicious cycle : ever increasing tax rates on a disappearing labor force , lower growth rates , and fewer resources available to support those that retire at 60 and live into their 90 's .
Indeed , non-working time even for those who hold jobs is increasing , offering ample opportunity to rear children .
Perhaps the Europeans are perfectly happy to work less and enjoy more free time , both in terms of having more vacations during their working age , and spending less time in the active labor force .
If Europe wants to work less , it must be extraordinarily productive when it does work if it is to keep up with the hard-working Americans .
The US is a racially fragmented society , so it is convenient for the majority of wealthy whites to view the poor -LRB- many of them black -RRB- as different and lazy compared to hard-working whites .
Historically , America 's racial and ethnic divisions also inhibited the development of a homogeneous working-class culture and movement , which empowered socialist and Communist parties across Europe in the 20
All of this generates a vicious circle : the stronger the political power of pensioners and of older workers , the greater the pressure on government to shorten working lives and increase pension benefits .
What about the hard working and fast-growing South Koreans ?
Although some Americans always like to boast about their superior work ethic , this disparity in working hours between the US and Europe has not always existed .
From the mid-1970 's on , however , Americans continued working more or less the same number of hours , while Western Europeans began working less and less each year .
The average number of working hours per person depends on a variety of factors :
As a European working in the US , I admit that I do take many more vacations than my American colleagues .
Why should a Frenchman or Italian in his early sixties work today , when in the 1990 's he could have retired in his mid-fifties with 80 % or more of his last working-age salary ?
Europeans certainly need something to compensate for a short working life with many vacations .
At the same time , a recent `` white paper '' produced by a working group headed by the IMF 's former boss , Michel Camdessus , which was charged with proposing the type of structural reforms needed to achieve growth , was received with the usual outcry from trade unions .
It needs to connect better with its own citizens , to renew their support by showing that Europeans working together can foster growth and jobs , fight international crime , and secure a clean environment .
For thirty months , governments and parliamentarians have been working on a new constitution for Europe .
But we are united in our belief that sharing sovereignty and working together is the best - indeed , the only - way forward .
Anna Alchuk , an artist who participated in the exhibition in the Sakaharov Center and was later charged , said she had read all 14 volumes of evidence collected by the prosecutor , and that 11 volumes consisted entirely of letters from `` working people '' expressing outrage at the show and demanding that the artists be punished .
There is no air conditioning in the hospital , no ventilators working , smog is penetrating everywhere , including the emergency room 's operating theater .
Britain , France , and Spain are working on an opposing plan that will consolidate EU executive powers among the biggest EU states .
The European Commission is now working on extending the focus of surveillance beyond fiscal policy so that we can identify risks stemming from macroeconomic imbalances or changes in competitiveness and address them before they become entrenched .
Both the ad hoc and the global public-goods schools shy away from this question , and yet without at least some working answer , we will lack the compass needed to navigate our increasing global interdependence .
The World Health Organization and the International Atomic Energy Agency are working closely together to improve cancer control in developing countries .
Others emphasize the pragmatic , pointing out that EU members can achieve far more in foreign\/defense policy by working together than on their own .
Our diplomacy is also focused on protecting the well-being of the roughly ten million Filipinos working overseas .
Pious talk about reworking the UN sanctions is another version of the second alternative - that is , of doing nothing .
The Constitutional Treaty is a reflection of our wish to continue in the same vein , to carry on working together .
UN Secretary Ban Ki-moon has created a working group to define a common plan of action , and France 's President Nicolas Sarkozy has proposed a global partnership for food .
Indeed , agriculture remains the primary productive sector in the world 's poorest countries , employing 65 % of the working population and , on average , contributing more than 25 % to GDP .
Besides , working in Beijing is itself a constant struggle of conscience and compromise .
Of course , the idea is held back by the inner workings of both parts of the proposed alliance . Many in the West question whether Islam is compatible with human rights and Western concepts of liberty .
Only such `` reverse engineering , '' starting at the end and working backward -- and legitimized and monitored by strict international mechanisms -- might yet save the prospects for an Israeli\/Palestinian peace from ruin .
Iran is working to ensure that free elections open the way to truly Islamic regimes in the Arab world , while Turkey assumes that its own political brand , a synthesis of Islam and democracy with secular values , should ultimately prevail .
Turkey was wrong to try to gain wider influence in the Middle East by working with the region 's revolutionary forces .
Demographic change in the US is also working to change America 's global orientation .
But instead of offering ready solutions for the rest to endorse , leadership will have to consist of working with the other members , patiently and discretely , so that all or at last most feel they are involved in formulating common positions .
But the Mainz meeting will not bring the two sides closer to working out a common position on any of these issues , or even to seeing the other side 's point of view .
Myth 2 : `` Free trade may increase economic prosperity , but it is bad for the working class . ''
What faith communities have working in their favor are networks , infrastructure , and influential leaders to deliver health messages .
Monetary and fiscal policy are working at full throttle in the US , but are muzzled in Europe .
As the now ten-year-old Japanese slump tells us , once deflation and contraction have established themselves , standard policies stop working .
Ms. Park once pledged to provide loans for working-class families from elementary school to college years , while contending that local universities should be empowered to have more autonomy .
Those who are now leaving school and entering the job market run the risk of becoming a lost generation , like their Japanese cohorts who began their working lives at the beginning of Japan 's downturn in the 1990 's .
In countries like Germany , Italy , and the Netherlands , the rise in unemployment has been contained so far by massive use of short-time working schemes , which freeze workers with permanent contracts into their current jobs .
Cohorts entering the labor market during recessions typically ask for far more protection and state intervention during their entire working life than cohorts that enter the labor market in normal times .
It is obvious that he could one day become a tremendous ambassador of peace , or for children , working with the United Nations or another international organization .
We must modify not only the working mechanisms of the UN , but also its composition .
But it would be foolish for the government to subsidize a particular search engine or social-networking platform .
That is why the `` world 's most powerful people '' will now have a much harder time working together to meet today 's toughest challenges .
Though satellite television , mobile phones , and online social networking can force some authoritarians to become more responsive to popular demands , governments can also use these technologies to identify and isolate threats , monitor communications among activists , and transmit messages of their own .
The few Saudi demonstrations appear populated almost entirely by minority Shia , who find little sympathy among majority Sunnis , and by foreign construction workers petitioning for higher wages and better working conditions .
However , its members do not necessarily oppose social legislation that benefits working people -- especially when white workers are privileged -- and some even retain a positive image of the New Deal .
The emphasis should be on building coalitions among the relatively moderate states that are threatened by radical Islamist forces , and on working hard to prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons -- a goal that is in the interests of many in the region .
Only a multilateral settlement among all major actors can ensure a smoothly working global order -- a cause advanced in late 2008 , when the technical G-20 forum was quickly upgraded to a full summit in charge of global governance .
`` Our institutions are working and democracy is functional , '' Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani told members of the Western press .
After the match , Singh said that `` India and Pakistan should be working together to find cooperative solutions and need permanent reconciliation to live together in dignity and honor .
Two decades ago , Haqqani and several other warlords were funded and trained by Pakistan and the US working together . The Haqqani group has maintained good relations with ISI .
ISI is accused of watching over the Pakistani diaspora and of sponsoring unregistered lobbyists working to shape congressional opinion .
Most , especially in Europe , are professional politicians with no experience apart from working the levers of party machines .
When the offspring of manual workers imported from countries such as Turkey and Morocco in the 1960 's began to form large Muslim minorities in European cities , tensions rose in working-class neighborhoods .
The same is true of Mexicans working in the US , often illegally .
But Europe -- and Japan , for that matter -- should start by making economic migration legitimate . This means working out what jobs need to be filled , and welcoming those who will fill them , not as guests , but as equal citizens .
As one highly educated Turk , working for an international organization , put it to me recently : `` We play football with them , sing songs with them on TV , do business with them , improved our human rights , and democratized our politics .
True , the European working class , not to mention women , did not have voting rights 200 years ago .
Lee must not only calculate how tough to be with North Korea in response to the death of the Cheonan sailors , but also find a way to keep working with Kim Jong-il 's police state .
This is why we and our fellow Elders are committed to drawing attention to the damage that child marriage is causing , and to supporting those working towards ending it .
We must also give greater support at the community , national , and international levels to groups working to end this practice .
In the 1970 's , the average Italian working-class family 's major ambition for its children was for them to study , go to university , and become a doctor or a lawyer .
And today , the ambition of many working-class Italian mothers is to see their daughters become a successful scantily clad `` velina '' who , in turn , manages to hit the gossip columns by flirting with the latest muscleman-turned-TV heartthrob or some budding young football player .
In Guatemala , once again , President Oscar Berger was obviously proud to receive Bush , but failed to obtain a commitment from him to stop the inhuman , hateful Homeland Security raids by US law enforcement officers against undocumented immigrants , exemplified by the detention and attempt at deportation , on the eve of Bush 's visit , of nearly 300 Guatemalans working at a Massachussetts , military vest factory .
The Cuban presence also remains strong , although the recent political purges initiated by Raúl Castro make it difficult to know who exactly is working for whom .
The Eastern Partnership is about EU integration , about the six countries moving closer to the EU 's values , legislation , and ways of working , and about the EU being there to support and help this convergence .
For example , in some types of breast cancer , patients may be treated for more than a decade with anti-hormone therapies , and these long-term treatments are working -- they are successful at preventing some of the cancer recurrences that occur with shorter treatment .
In one of the more desperate and egregious examples , Regina Ip , the Secretary for Security , attributed Hitler 's rise to power to flaws in the workings of democracy .
A second scenario is that the US remains Asia 's principal security anchor , with or without a third possibility : the emergence of a constellation of Asian states with common interests working together to ensure that Asia is not unipolar . Finally , Asia could come to be characterized by several resurgent powers , including Japan , India , Vietnam , Indonesia , and a reunified Korea .
The strategy of using market forces and the Internet to open up a closed political system simply is not working . Indeed , the more economic power China has accumulated , the more adept it has become in extending censorship to cyberspace .
SINGAPORE -- The latest information dump from WikiLeaks offers fascinating insights into the workings of the US State Department that will keep foreign policy wonks and conspiracy theorists busy for months .
While smaller Taiwan should be careful not to provoke its giant neighbor , China must come to terms with the workings of a functioning democracy .
The cries of working children can be heard the world over .
Though many countries have enacted laws forbidding the use -- and abuse -- of children in the work force , optimism about the conditions faced by working children is unwarranted .
That conclusion stems from an inescapable fact : the families of most working children depend on their labors to survive .
But they do n't question long hours and dire working conditions .
Even when an employer is reasonable , working conditions may still prove dangerous .
Thai children toil in unventilated factories , working with glass heated to 1,500 degrees Celsius .
In 1973 , an ILO convention called for a worldwide minimum working age of 15 .
Aid to poor societies in the form of programs designed to expose their students and workers to the experience of living and working in the US before returning home will be more effective than trying to make these societies ' governments and institutions more like those of the advanced economies .
`` The Jews '' were not his enemies any more , he said ; they were even working for him .
They preferred to be paid without working .
Suicide bombers and death squads are not seeking shorter working hours , higher salaries , or better pension plans .
They can earn more hanging around with a gun in their hands than by working in construction or trade .
These leaders seemed to be working against the grain , but the grain itself was about to change direction .
Even post-War Germany 's acclaimed , miracle-working Economics Minister , Ludwig Erhard , was deeply unpopular in the early 1950s , because it appeared as if only a few were getting rich , while most West Germans remained poor or got poorer .
Swarms of capitalist `` locusts '' threaten to descend on defenseless , hardworking people , to quote the unfortunate metaphor used in a recent speech by Franz Müntefering , the chairman of the governing Social Democrats .
Earlier generations may have borne the burden of working and waiting more readily , but nowadays people want results here and now .
And when it became possible to manipulate DNA in vitro , the metaphor of a `` genetic program '' appeared even more precise : scientists could construct experiments that corresponded to the reprogramming of cells merely by working on symbols in silicon .
Stockholm came one step closer to admitting Europe 's real population problem , when it spoke of `` the demographic challenge of an ageing population of which people of working age constitute an ever-smaller part . ''
In the end , the French and other leading member states are likely to explore alternative ways of working towards a more politically integrated Europe .
If we cleave to the false security of a supposed science that is n't working , and forget about the philosophy behind it , ideas like personal responsibility and the right to fail , our leaders will very scientifically give us no recovery at all .
Both sides want to do more , and they might be able to make a greater impact by working together rather than separately .
Trade unions agreed to moderate wage claims and abandon wage indexation , in exchange for reduced working time and improved prospects for the future .
But Lula can and should follow Kok 's example and use his trade union connections , as well as his rapport with the working class , to achieve a social pact aimed at achieving sustained improvement in Brazil 's overall economic performance and realizing its potential to become Latin America 's economic powerhouse .
But Adam Smith in 1776 , and David Ricardo a little later , looked forward to a future Britain that looked a lot like China -- a full country with high agricultural productivity and a well-developed division of labor but a very poor peasantry and working class ruled by very rich landlords .
Second , the working classes that were hardest-hit by high unemployment generally did not have the vote .
And the working classes all have the vote .
The working classes can vote , economists understand and publicly discuss nominal income determination , and no influential group stands to benefit from a deeper and more prolonged depression .
After all , most rich countries have entered a post-industrial age , while developing countries now have -- or soon will -- as great a share of their population working in `` industry '' as the world 's rich nations .
But the post-industrial core 's economy as a whole will continue to be like an airplane with only one working engine .
Yet another part of US productivity growth due to the fact that high-tech capital gives America 's firms enormous incentives to make massive but hard to see - and even harder to measure - investments in organization and business processes that are complementary to computerization and networking .
It was during this era -- roughly from 1948 to 1973 -- that sociologists found that a majority of Americans had come to define themselves not as working class , but as middle class .
Big winners are workers in poor countries who get better jobs working for firms that can now export services to rich countries .
Bill Gates , Paul Allen , Steve Ballmer , and the other millionaires and billionaires of Microsoft are brilliant , hardworking , entrepreneurial , and justly wealthy .
Deals like China 's investment in Blackstone postpone that backlash , but not for long : $ 3 billion is equivalent to what China accumulates in reserve in less than three working days .
He would have served the country and the world better had he been less of a loyal Republican working the inside game of trying to convince Bush 's political advisors that good policy was important , and more of a nonpartisan steward of America 's long-term fiscal stability .
It is time for US citizens to commit themselves to working alongside the Obama administration to turn a new leaf in relations with the Muslim world .
When EU officials meet together or draft internal documents , they use only the `` working languages '' : French and , more often , English .
But it 's current approach is not working .
Such an approach will require that each side exercise broad restraint and live with the ambiguity of working with a strong adversary to manage profound differences .
Democracy may be working well enough in terms of free and fair elections .
In this national crisis , Mexico 's people have closed ranks , collaborated , and showed that they are capable of working together to achieve common goals in the public interest .
Moreover , the manufacturing sector had become too dependent on US-driven export demand , and the population had become too dependent on remittances from emigrants working in the US .
A real , working NATO-Russia relationship could provide the Alliance with solutions to problems that it can not tackle on its own .
This is the kind of thinking that was driving us at a recent health care working group gathered as part of the recent Civil Society Summit organized in Moscow by the Eurasia Foundation , the New Eurasia Foundation and the CSIS . -LRB- I was there as a Eurasia Foundation board member . -RRB-
We are also working on a project along these lines , reaching out to target populations with two-way new media such as the Internet and mobile phones , rather than harangues in newspapers and TV .
Rather than demand an end to censorship now -- an impossible dream -- Google is working to make that happen by eroding government control over information .
Google does this in its search results , working with StopBadware.org -LRB- I am an advisory board member -RRB- , and both Mozilla Firefox and Microsoft 's Internet Explorer offer similar protections . In all cases , adventurous users or professionals can overcome the paternalism , but only by paying what amounts to liability insurance , for the risks they impose on the system .
To some extent , it 's already working -- by spreading . Local efforts may succeed or fail based on the talents of local implementers .
But what might work in southern Europe has no chance of working elsewhere .
Its political parties , rather than working together to address pressing economic problems , remained at each other 's throats .
Despite all of the current wailing and gnashing of teeth in Europe about its future , the euro is n't going anywhere . And China , for its part , is working energetically to internationalize its currency -- and it is making faster progress than most people appreciate .
Second , the current strategy , which amounts to trying to extract blood from a stone , is not working .
Only by working together can the two countries lead the world economy out of its current doldrums .
Jonathan Zittrain , Co-Director of Harvard University 's Berkman Center for Internet and Society , has suggested that the United States , for example , could start with some basic funding for the kind of `` science and technology innovation that gave us the Internet to begin with . '' This could include potential `` game changers '' in China such as ad hoc mesh networking , which allows users to communicate with one another by hopping from one device to the next without an Internet service provider in the middle .
Co-founder and CEO Evan Williams recently suggested that software developers were working on technology to evade government barriers , though he did not give specific details .
The working group may have contributed to ending the war of words , at least on the American side , and McFaul has now been nominated to become US Ambassador to Russia .
Although the majority of China 's exports now come from private companies that receive virtually no loans from state banks , American candidates in previous elections routinely sought to curry favor with working class voters by vowing to protect US jobs against China 's supposedly unfair business practices .
The jobs issue could be exploited further by citing poor working conditions , low wages , child labor , and other problems commonly found in developing countries .
The Socialist International is committed to working hard with its partners in the region to make peace in the Middle East a reality .
Such a system of complex differential tariffs is just the kind of protectionism that governments have been working to eliminate since the start of the GATT process more than 50 years ago .
The plan working its way through the United States Congress -LRB- the Waxman-Markey bill -RRB- would initially give away 85 % of the permits , impose a complex set of regulatory policies , and allow companies to buy CO2 offsets -LRB- e.g. , by paying for the planting of trees -RRB- instead of reducing their emissions or buying permits .
As a result , most working individuals reduced the amount that they saved for their retirement , and retirees were able to increase their spending .
Official analyses downplay the effect of lower marginal tax rates on taxable income , but experience shows that taxable income rises substantially as taxpayers respond to lower marginal rates by working more , taking more of their compensation in taxable cash than in fringe benefits , and reducing their tax-deductible consumption .
The new Obama administration and the Congress are still working out the structure of the fiscal stimulus for the US .
The Alliance is working hard to consolidate Moldova 's democracy , the rule of law , and economic reform , as well as to press ahead with European integration .
We are also working to improve the business environment and investment climate by cutting red tape and simplifying the administrative burden on foreign investors .
We are working on a new Association Agreement , which would anchor Moldova in the European space .
We are already working on implementing all the necessary technical conditions .
Our customs officials and border guards are working actively with an EU mission to modernize our border infrastructure , and we are progressing fast in border demarcation with our only eastern neighbor , Ukraine .
When respectable British media such as Financial Times warn against a renewed European psychodrama and instead call for working toward a `` Europe of results , '' this should be regarded rather as a bad joke than a serious alternative .
This explains their great fear of , indeed an obsession with , `` color revolutions , '' although they are de facto working hard to bring one about .
Iran is intensively working toward the same end , while continuing to expand its hegemonic position in the region .
Germany and France , the two crucial players in this crisis , will have to devise a joint strategy , because only they , working together , can push through a solution .
Economists working on the macro economy , its micro foundations , exogenous and endogenous growth theory , the formation of expectations and problems of information and discrimination all refer back to Phelps .
Phelps was behind the modern reworking of the macro economy -- and , according to Samuelson , the micro economy , too .
The bulk of Phelps 's current work consists of a new reworking of structuralist theory , in an effort to show how changes in interest rates and asset prices affect the equilibrium unemployment rate over the medium term .
There are hundreds of global public-private partnerships working on various global ills -- but few have been examined to see what good they do .
In the summer of 2004 , two groups of scientists working independently -LRB- one led by researchers at Harvard Medical School and Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston and the other led by researchers at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratories -RRB- called this scientific dogma into question .
China is also working on `` connectivity '' projects -- namely , a rail and highway network -- aimed at boosting economic and social ties between China and the ASEAN countries .
The state would hand over permanent ownership of land to those who are entitled to it by virtue of living and working on it .
But the Constitution must not only introduce more clarity , transparency , and efficiency into the workings of European institutions ; it must also bring the EU closer to its citizens .
Europe should base the multilateralism of its foreign policy on human rights , while working on reforming international law and the UN system to ensure that human rights win out over short-sighted political calculations .
And all working children are vulnerable to malnutrition , as their diet typically lacks the items necessary to build body tissues .
And , after a review of the Rwanda debacle , 400 NGOs and UN organizations working in 80 countries got together in the Sphere Project to develop a common humanitarian mandate and handbook of standards outlining the minimum performance required of any NGO working in a disaster zone .
Neither event is earth shattering , but , taken together , these two steps mean that a new system of international justice is working .
They have been working in a distributed collaboration for eight years and come from a range of countries and specialties .
After all , nothing is better for innovation than a scientist working outside conventional institutions , solving a problem that will save his or her family .
If this means a total reworking of the current document , so be it .
One of Monnet 's first actions was to declare that modernization could not be attained while the French worked such short hours ; a 45-hour working week was the minimum that was necessary .
The meetings are aimed at creating the impression that the world 's leaders are still working on a solution to the problem .
The solution to this conundrum was supposed to have been the Stability and Growth Pact , working in tandem with the so-called `` no bailout '' clause in the Maastricht Treaty .
The text mostly replicates the structure of Convention Chairman Valery Giscard d'Estaing 's `` skeleton '' Constitution , presented last November , and the conclusions reached by the Convention 's working groups .
Where markets and business are concerned , the draft text stretches the `` economic governance '' working group 's conclusions so as to propose a centralized approach , one strongly tilted to favor social , environmental , and consumer objectives , neglecting economic freedom and the market economy .
For example , the economic governance working group had agreed that monetary policy should be managed at Union level by an independent central bank , the ECB .
When the Muslim world was thrown into confusion and disarray after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the democratic wing of the Islamist movement was working on a platform of legislative reforms it would propose for EU accession .
At the same time , the best way to help bring about a more liberal Russia -- one that promises to be more stable at home and more responsible abroad -- is by working with it .
Others deemed this to be too dangerous in an era defined by nuclear weapons , and the US opted instead for a policy of containment , working to limit the reach of Soviet power and influence .
Today , the US is working to extricate itself from a second conflict involving Iraq , trying to figure out a way forward in Afghanistan , and contemplating the use of force against Iran .
Egypt will face enormous economic difficulties , exacerbated by recent events , which have frightened off tourists , deterred investment , and kept many from working .
At various times , the US avoided scrutinizing the internal workings of friendly countries in the interest of ensuring a steady flow of oil ; containing Soviet , Iraqi , and Iranian expansionism ; addressing issues related to the Arab-Israeli conflict ; resisting communism in East Asia ; or securing military bases .
The problem is that French identity has always been made up of contradictory and sometimes adversarial elements , such as France 's Catholic and secular traditions , its revolutionary ideology and conservative inclinations , and the cultural outlooks of its rural and working-class citizens .
Carl Bosch , a young genius working for a chemical company , quickly ramped up Haber 's process to industrial levels .
The government 's rescue policies appear to be working .
The outside world currently knows little about the inner workings of the Iraqi weapons program .
Only after the defection of Hussein Kamel , Saddam 's son-in-law and head of the Iraqi military industry , did Blix get the clues to uncover the actual workings of Iraq 's ambitious program .
If we do not want to be overrun by anonymous forces , the principles of freedom , equality and solidarity - the foundation of stability and prosperity in Western democracies - must start working globally .
In working to promote human rights , political reform , and democratization in China , Liu has made a significant contribution to the values of peace and fraternity among nations that Nobel had in mind when he created the award more than a century ago .
We would like to call upon readers of this appeal to help raise funds to support the relief organizations currently working in the affected areas , as well as for the extensive reconstruction efforts that will follow .
Countless laboratories are working on better , cheaper hydrogen production and storage methods , and on ways to bring down costs and boost fuel cell durability .
Feared and loathed by its neighbors , Saddam 's regime not only tolerates , but also actively sponsors , terrorism and is working furiously to produce weapons of mass destruction that can be used against Israel and the West .
This requires , first of all , cozying up with China and the autocratic Gulf states -- the main lenders to the US Treasury -- as well working with Iran and Russia to limit the costs of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
This partnership of more than 100 institutions in over 50 countries has already conserved 10 % of the world 's wild plant species , and is working towards conserving 25 % , focusing on those that are rare , endangered , and useful .
Saudi women remain prohibited from driving cars , traveling on their own , and working or studying without the permission of a male relative .
Liu Liang may have been just a working-class kid , but there was wisdom in his words that there is still a `` silent majority '' who can affect the workings of China 's fragile society .
But if small units are well organized , they can greatly improve the well-being of society as a whole , bit by bit , by working at the micro level .
A half-century of working together , plus a decade and a half of adapting to new threats and demands , is paying off .
In addition to air-power , America 's government hopes to control its proxies by means of the Special Forces and ` advisors ' working on the ground .
Although his presence dramatically fuelled the situation for a time , Brazilian diplomats , working with the US , were able to reach agreement with Honduran authorities to allow Manuel Zelaya to return to office .
They are either unemployed or working as unskilled laborers in Bulgaria or in the black market abroad .
I began working as a traveling salesman , selling goat 's milk , hens , roosters , and sheep .
On the left , the growing working class sought to use political power to change economic relations - to advance more progressive tax policies , or to stop the use of tariffs to protect the old order .
Thanks to German manufacturers , pianos were no longer restricted to aristocratic salons or the professional middle class , but began appearing in respectable working-class homes .
Because tuberculosis affects working-age people , it can be a trigger of household poverty .
If the eligibility age were to increase , responsibility for health care for many people would simply be dumped back onto their employers , resulting in higher health-care costs for all working people .
With Senators Patrick Leahy and Chuck Grassley , Kaufman worked last year to pass a bill providing timely resources to federal law enforcement agencies working on recent financial fraud .
Alternatively , the number of working years required to qualify for a full retirement benefit can be increased .
The implicit tax from working another year and forgoing pension benefits can sometimes be close to a person 's net earnings during that year .
For example , forced solidarity will oblige any hard-working farmer in Benin who has accumulated some wealth over the years to share the fruit of his labor with his enlarged family , including distant relatives .
We can be appropriately modest about our knowledge of other things , but not so about our ability to explain the workings of the world .
This time , however , his threats of resignation are not working .
Like other democratic leaders , he might consider working in the private-sector , like Gerhard Schröder , or , better yet , write books and help Tsunami victims , like Bill Clinton or become an environmentalist , like Mikhail Gorbachev .
I have spent hundreds of hours working behind closed doors with various parties to the conflict -- Sudan 's Government , rebel leaders , neighbouring countries , and African Union partners .
The Greek Cypriot leader , Demetris Christofias , and his Turkish Cypriot counterpart , Mehmet Ali Talat , are working hard to reach an agreement .
Last but not least is the imperative of working with and for women and young people .
The emergency G-20 summit in Washington in November showed that governments are working together to coordinate policies .
Though the UN has been working on disarmament since 1946 , two treaties negotiated under UN auspices are now commanding the world 's attention .
It is claimed that government , working together with business , will create `` a new energy economy , '' that the businesses involved will profit , and that everyone will be better off .
This does not auger well either for growth or for working our way out of today 's crisis .
The test of China 's intentions is whether its growing economic and , yes , military capacities will be used to seek to establish Asian hegemony by working to exclude America from the region and preventing regional partnerships from flourishing .
Of course , the inner workings of Kim 's regime are shrouded in mystery , not only to the outside world , but also to most of North Korea 's government .
But , in working towards recovery , Japan has a great advantage .
When implementing forced blackouts in the region , for example , there were few major traffic accidents , even though traffic lights had stopped working .
Such a strategy means focusing more attention on ordinary Afghans , gradually expanding NATO 's security presence outward from population centers , and working hand-in-glove with state and local authorities .
The public seems to be saying to the on-their-way-out leaders of the Franco-German alliance : Stop the excuses , and start getting our economies working again .
But there is a risk that developing countries , already burdened by dealing with numerous donors , will face an even greater fragmentation of aid efforts . New donors can lessen the load on the world 's poorest and increase effectiveness by working together through multilateral channels .
To sustain its vital role , it is working with its shareholders to strengthen its capital base . A well-capitalized World Bank leverages all its shareholders ' investments by pooling them and then raising five times the capital by borrowing in financial markets .
In response , US President Barack Obama 's administration has been working through the United Nations Security Council to impose tougher economic sanctions . Nonetheless , Iran edges toward mastering the process of enriching uranium to weapons-grade purity .
Ahmadinejad himself , after all , late last year voiced enthusiasm for a Western proposal to break the logjam by exporting Iran 's uranium for processing abroad , only to reverse course soon thereafter . Then last month , he reversed course again , working with Brazil and Turkey to craft a watered-down version of the original proposal .
A major university department of journalism working with Arab media critics , for example , could provide a much more honest analysis of the station 's work .
Arab countries , especially Egypt , had hundreds of thousands of their nationals working in Libya .
The Gulf countries , which have no citizens working in Libya , were the first to denounce Qaddafi .
Indeed , the task that Abbas faces will become impossible if the Israeli policy of `` targeted killings '' is allowed to continue while Palestinian leaders are working seriously to put an end to acts of violence against Israelis .
The World Bank Group , together with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime , is working on the Stolen Asset Recovery -LRB- StAR -RRB- initiative to go after corrupt gains and help spur action to return looted assets to their legitimate owners : the people in the affected developing country .
Thus , despite official speeches intended to support state intervention , Morales 's government benefits mainly from the workings of the market .
The dearth of pale actors , actresses , corporate leaders , and politicians confirms that a tan is identified with health , wealth , and power , rather than the travails of the working class , as in the past .
But working conditions can also trigger or accelerate the symptoms of ill health - physical and mental - that feed back into our productivity and earning capacity , as well as into our social and family relationships .
Of the EU 's 160 million-strong labor force , 56 % report working at very high speeds , and 60 % to tight deadlines .
Of course , working conditions may be experienced as threatening even when objectively they are not , or trivial symptoms may be interpreted as manifestations of serious illness .
To identify , prevent , and counteract the causes and consequences of work-related stress , we need to monitor job content , working conditions , terms of employment , social relations at work , health , well-being and productivity .
Multinational companies were a driving force in Eastern Europe 's postcommunist transition , bringing new skills , technology , training , and better working conditions .
Owing to the ongoing operations in Iraq and Afghanistan , any future British government will inherit a military that is overstretched , undermanned , and working with worn-out equipment .
I recently met an official working for a provincial Department of Propaganda and was impressed by his bold and straightforward comments on current affairs .
In rural areas , corruption emanates from frequent expropriation of land-lease contracts held by farmers working on collectively owned land , which local officials then turn over to non-agriculture land developers .
However , Sweden is still characterized by high welfare dependency , with about 23 % of working-age people in recent years living on various types of government benefits , including temporary and permanent disability payments .
Despite the widespread enthusiasm for lifting educational performance in Latin America and the Caribbean , little effort has been devoted to working out how to maximize investments in education .
Deciding how much we should let temperatures rise is like working out how many people should die in traffic accidents by adjusting the speed limit .
In agreements announced by the Obama administration , the US is working with China and Canada on projects to develop this technology .
In March , Al Gore 's science adviser and prominent climate researcher , Jim Hansen , proclaimed that when it comes to dealing with global warming , the `` democratic process is n't working . ''
The electricity is not working .
It was easier than we expected to recruit good people for Securum , because working in the public interest for this pioneering state-owned bad bank was perceived as a unique challenge .
Europe 's citizens are unlikely to support measures to strengthen the EU if this means that working conditions can no longer be decided locally .
Africa needs to prepare for the opportunities and challenges to come by deliberately working for peace and security .
Many countries are resolving their conflicts and working for peace and stability .
The motives for these interventions varied , but all led to American efforts to establish working governments -- nation-building -- that proved protracted and frustrating .
In other countries that have become democracies , the institutions and practices of liberty have often emerged from the working of a free-market economy .
The next steps in implementation should include consideration of the proposals on international transport by the International Civil Aviation Organization , the International Air Transport Association and the International maritime Organization , with the multilateral development banks working on proposals for new green funds and enhanced collaboration with the private sector .
For example , more and more employers are researching job applicants through Google and social-networking Web sites .
With apartheid-style practices -- including the gunning down of local workers by a Chinese manager in Zambia -- Chinese managers impose appalling working conditions on their African employees .
We need adequate oversight and crisis management , which is why I am submitting a paper on early intervention and look forward to the analysis of the High Level Group of experts working under Jacques de Larosière , which is due imminently .
Around the world , clever scientists , engineers , and entrepreneurs are working to realize the remainder of the space exploration dream .
Similarly , there is evidence that the prefrontal cortex - a key structure in emotional regulation as well as in decision-making and working memory - shrinks in major depression .
And it is not only major stressful life events that exact a toll on our bodies ; the many conflicts and demands of daily life elevate and sometimes disrupt the workings of our response systems for stress , causing wear and tear on the body and brain .
This may occur through policies that improve education , provide better housing , improve commuting , regulate working conditions , increase availability of health foods , and provide tax relief for those in the lower and middle classes .
In other words , American women work more hours and use the money they make to hire people to do the tasks that they ca n't do because they 're working .
Women would still be working only half as much as men outside the home .
In the United States , the rate at which prostitutes are killed in the workplace is 51 times that of the next most dangerous occupation for women , working in a liquor store .
For ten years , it has struggled with the costs of a mandatory 35-hour week -- a ceiling that is now so embedded in the legislation regulating working hours that simple abrogation would lead to chaos .
The `` demographic time bomb '' that economic analysts have been discussing for a decade or more is now exploding . The result is widespread labor shortages in many EU countries and an alarming reduction in the proportion of working-age people whose taxes pay the pensions and medical costs of those who have retired .
Many countries have themselves aggravated the problem , either by encouraging early retirement or -- as with France -- through job-creation nostrums like the 35-hour working week .
According to Klaus Regling , the Commission 's Director-General for Economic and Financial Affairs , Europe 's working population has so shrunk that from 2010 onward maximum annual economic growth in western Europe will drop to 1.8 % , from an average of 2.3 % in recent years , and to just 1.3 % a year from 2030 .
Industrial leaders and ordinary citizens alike want to be told that the EU is working on a policy approach that looks farther ahead than the gloomy present .
Both sides accept that working with local partners for peaceful democratic change today is the best way to avoid violent revolution or military action tomorrow .
As well as working at a grass roots level , policies on trade and aid should be used to encourage governments to reform and enlarge the space for legitimate political action .
As well as working to further peace between Israel and Palestine , we must help Turkey succeed in turning itself into a full-fledged democracy that qualifies for EU membership , renew pressure on the Iranian regime for democracy and arms control , and avoid premature disengagement from Iraq .
The prospect of a truly global community of nations working together to achieve the greater good for all is indeed exciting .
The best way to help make Afghanistan 's government more accountable to its people over the long term is by working to strengthen Afghan democracy , but this level of accountability is still far off -- and Afghanistan desperately needs better governance now .
This can not involve the creation of working groups that merely pay lip service to ethical debate , but must enable non-sports organizations to develop their own policy framework for the regulation of ` gene doping ' and , more broadly , the use of genetic information .
To be sure , in the laboratory , scientists use animals in controlled experimental conditions to investigate the workings of toxic agents .
Those who refused or filed a false declaration were to be fired and banned from working in their profession for ten years .
Free movement of skilled labor could be accompanied by binding international requirements that migrants from poor countries spend , say , one year in five working in their countries of origin .
Yusuf , age nine , working on a computer at the Qattan Center , told me that he wanted to be a pilot .
If so , then a key condition must be the self-respect that comes from working things out for ourselves , individually and collectively .
Chinese elites are convinced that time is working in their favor , and that it is only natural that China should regain its rank amongst the world leading powers , perhaps even emerging on top one day .
The working class is disappearing in modern France and what 's left of it tends to go more to the extreme-right than to the extreme-left .
What , for example , will happen to a country as central and vulnerable as Egypt when hundred of thousands of Egyptians working in the Gulf are forced to return to their homeland as a result of the crisis in the oil-producing countries ?
Hundreds of thousands of people are employed as freelance Web commentators , working to spin discussions in chat rooms and on blogs in a more patriotic , pro-government direction .
National parliaments would be given a say in EU lawmaking , as the treaty recognizes the roles of parliaments in the `` adequate workings of the Union . ''
The first surprise I encountered while working for CCTV as a program planner was how minimal this system is .
Indeed , working daily with Chinese TV creators , I noticed a subtle , almost instinctive tendency to avoid any content or format that is unusual , novel , or unorthodox , never mind subversive .
Those countries are already working to reduce their crisis-inflated deficits as soon as possible .
So they learned to be on the lookout for new opportunities in underserved markets , working as peddlers , for example , or creating new products , or new forms of marketing .
While NATO and the EU have improved their working relations , more steps need to be taken to eliminate mistrust , unhealthy competition , and information-sharing blockages .
Both NATO and the EU have roles to play in working with industry to enhance Europe 's defense capabilities .
This requires a smoothly working and much more efficient interface between the agencies and the European Commission , which retains overall control over them , as well as a thorough revision of the financial regulation for the entire operation and its oft-criticized bureaucratic red tape .
The three of us are working with a distinguished group from all corners of the Euro-Atlantic region to develop these and other concrete steps that are essential to creating a genuine security community , including its economic , energy , and environmental dimensions .
In IFAD 's experience , working simply to double the income of a smallholder farmer who scrapes by on less than a dollar a day is poverty management , because at two dollars a day , he or she still remains poor .
Today , that scarcely registers against the other themes : a working-class or unemployed person dared to aspire to resemble someone of too high a status , and spent too much money conceiving too many blameless babies who deserve protection and care , and who have now been put at risk by their mother 's selfish choices .
The core theory with which emerging feminists in more traditional and religious societies are working is far different from that of Western feminism -- and in some ways far more profound and humane .
Only close civilian cooperation in intelligence sharing , police work across borders , tracing financial flows , and working to pre-clear cargo manifests and passenger lists can cope with such a threat .
The only way to achieve the type of transformation in the Middle East that the Bush administration seeks is by working with others and avoiding the backlash that arises when America acts as a unilateral , imperial power .
Some conservatives disliked the crude egalitarianism of American culture , while some on the left saw America 's faith in markets as a symbol of capitalist exploitation of the working class .
Barack Obama has experience living overseas and working as a community organizer in Chicago , but not in the executive branch .
Given today 's agenda , there is enormous potential for an equal partnership , working with others , in the provision of global public goods that will benefit the US , Japan , and the rest of the world .
Three-quarters of Americans feel connected to their communities , and say the quality of life there is excellent or good ; 40 % say working with others in their community is the most important thing that they can do .
CAMBRIDGE -- According to a United States State Department official , the concept of `` smart power '' -- the intelligent integration and networking of diplomacy , defense , development , and other tools of so-called `` hard '' and `` soft '' power -- is at the heart of the Obama administration 's foreign-policy vision .
A working group could be established to study other reforms that would enhance global financial stability further and address other global economic and financial objectives .
One advantage of this modest proposal is that it would not prejudice the outcomes of the working group on broader reforms , like new distribution formulas for SDRs .
To work effectively , electronics manufacturers must assume some responsibility for training recyclers , in developing small-scale facilities that can operate at the regional level , and in working with regulators to ensure appropriate safety and environmental monitoring schemes for such operations .
We returned to Palestine in 1996 from Saudi Arabia , where my father had been working as a teacher .
Only swift and firm intervention from impartial external parties working in concert with the National Assembly and the courts can avert a looming disaster .
With food prices now soaring , most of Asia 's `` working poor , '' who are already struggling on degraded lands , in sweatshops , on streets and at homes , risk further destitution .
In announcing a new Sino-US joint research effort , Chu described clean energy as `` one of the great opportunities of our time '' for Sino-US cooperation , saying that by `` working together , we can accomplish more than -LRB- by -RRB- acting alone . ''
Just as philosophers are divided on the nature of truth and understanding , economics is divided on the workings of the real world .
But we never imagined the terrifying lengths to which the state -- working hand-in-hand with the new oligarchic rich -- would go to defeat our cause .
I spent part of my life working on the problems of terrorism in Northern Ireland , first as a minister in the early 1980 's and , later , chairing the commission that drew up reform for policing and security in the Province as part of the Belfast Peace Agreement .
According to the McCain campaign 's calculus , a political outsider with redneck views would appeal to white working-class voters .
For most of us , the circle is mid-sized , and working out its precise boundaries -- does it include stem cells , for instance ? -- can be a source of anguish and conflict .
US and Chinese government agencies are working together to address these issues .
I am committed to working to maintain economic openness , because it is good for America and for our workers .
Productivity is an important element . Only a high-productivity economy can promise all or most working-age persons a range of careers at high wage rates .
A cross-country analysis estimates that university education is good for all three elements of economic performance : the employment rate -LRB- relative to the working-age population -RRB- , the unemployment rate -LRB- relative to labor force -RRB- , and labor productivity too .
We are also working on doubling the job-creation rate of recent years , with the aim of adding one million jobs in the period 2010-2014 .
The Kissinger Associates lobbying group , whose Russian section is headed by Graham , feeds in to the Kissinger-Primakov working group , a quasi-private-sector effort , blessed by Putin , to deepen ties between Russia and the United States .
Perhaps more importantly , he has turned words into deeds , volunteering at an animal shelter and working with the Humane Society of the United States to oppose dog fighting .
No one likes putting a dollar value on a human life , but the fact is that we already do , implicitly , by failing to give enough support to organizations working in developing countries .
GiveWell.net , which evaluates organizations working to save the lives of the world 's poor , has identified several that can save a life for under $ 1,000 .
Between 1995 and 1999 , he chaired a working group on Himalayan Glaciology within the International Commission on Snow and Ice .
What needs to be explored is not the validity of the secular trend , but the nature of the local influences working against it .
But , even as he uttered those words , his administration was working behind the scenes to subvert the will of Pakistan 's people by trying to dictate the composition of their next coalition government and prop up the election 's biggest loser , President Pervez Musharraf .
At the risk of sounding simplistic , I ca n't help feeling that working together as a group is an innately feminine tendency .
As the power of the Internet spreads through social and political networking sites , and as virtual democracy grows , this bottom-up influence is likely to grow .
STAR safeguards the flow of goods and people through measures that secure ships , aviation , and travelers -- thereby enhancing cross-border security , customs networking , and protection of corporate supply chains .
Moreover , remittances by Colombians working abroad grew 8 % in 2008 , a surprising result when compared to countries such as Mexico and Ecuador , where remittances have fallen .
Unfortunately , the authorities do not have much margin for error in working to counteract the damage done by the international crisis .
The unemployment rate at the end of 2009 was above 10 % , duration of joblessness was the longest since the Great Depression , millions had had their working hours cut , and millions more were too discouraged by a lack of jobs to seek work .
Countries that will receive invitations to join NATO during the Prague Summit will have had years of experience working with the Alliance as partners , notably in bringing peace and stability to the Balkans and Southeast Europe .
Over the past year , as members of The Elders -- a group of leaders formed under Nelson Mandela 's inspiration -- we have been working with a range of partner organizations to send a human rights message to the world through the Every Human Has Rights Campaign .
But once the political franchise was enlarged , the working class got organized , and mass politics became the norm , domestic economic objectives began to compete with -LRB- and overwhelm -RRB- external rules and constraints .
So he can not be accused of harboring ultra-secularist or ultra-nationalist sympathies . This , along with his inside knowledge of the workings of the police and the prosecutorial branch , give his revelations a credibility that earlier accounts had lacked .
The IMF is working to fill that gap now . But the austerity charge is misconceived .
Nor does it help Americans ' mood that they spend far more of their lives working than do citizens in Europe or , these days , even Japan .
Now , working for the taxpayer , these same investment bankers will suddenly come up with the magic pricing formula that has eluded them until now .
Yet workers ' share of the pie is falling , thanks to high unemployment , shortened working hours , and stagnant wages .
But analysts accustomed to working on emerging markets understand that such paralysis is very difficult to avoid after a financial crisis .
Russia and NATO must jointly develop a new security agenda and a more cooperative methodology based on common working groups and joint papers .
While these protests have no unified theme , they express in different ways the serious concerns of the world 's working and middle classes about their prospects in the face of the growing concentration of power among economic , financial , and political elites .
It does not mean banning communally minded madrassas , but rather working toward the day when they are voluntarily abandoned .
By making use of all of its assets , Turkey is contributing to regional stability and peace and working towards a global order based on justice , equality , and transparency .
Today , Turkey is following a policy that represents a sense of justice in the Middle East , and is working toward the removal of artificial borders and walls among the region 's peoples .
Pakistan also claims that the Northern Alliance , part of the anti-Taliban resistance in Afghanistan , is working with India from within Afghanistan 's security services .
Over 60 countries are working together to halt the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
They would like nothing better than for America and Europe to be at odds , rather than working together .
In Iraq , for example , the US military , working closely with the Iraqi government , has sought non-traditional means to provide accurate information to the Iraqi people .
One traditional argument for the existence of God , the so-called `` argument from design , '' stresses that organic parts are adapted , and argues that the only way they could have come into being is through the workings of some kind of intelligence .
Everyone working in these countries -- whether in the private or public sector -- must now place the fight against HIV\/AIDS front and center .
Most of Africa 's farmers , working tiny plots , do not produce enough food to feed their families , much less to earn an income .
Various working groups prepare reports by scrupulously reviewing scientific publications .
The review process is transparent and governments are invited to participate by nominating experts to various working groups , reviewing and commenting on IPCC draft documents , and approving final IPCC reports .
Rather than regarding the UN and its agencies as competitors or threats to national sovereignty , they should recognize that working with the UN agencies is in fact the only way to solve global problems , and therefore is the key to their own political survival .
I have seen such solutions in the Millennium Villages in rural Africa , a project in which my colleagues and I are working with poor communities , governments , and businesses to find practical solutions to the challenges of extreme rural poverty .
One cornerstone of the project was `` smallholder farmers , '' meaning peasant farm families in Africa , Latin America , and Asia -- working farms of around one hectare -LRB- 2.5 acres -RRB- or less .
Non-financial companies could not get working capital , much less funding for long-term investments .
In France , Nicolas Sarkozy 's government has tried to regain popularity with the working class by deporting Roma migrants , a target of widespread hatred and ethnic attacks .
By channeling the savings of China , Germany , Japan , and other surplus countries into infrastructure investments in the poor countries , the world 's economies truly would be working in harmony .
They want to slash the budget not by ending the useless war in Afghanistan , and by eliminating unnecessary weapons systems , but by cutting education , health , and other benefits for the poor and working class .
With their backs against the wall , I predict , poor and working-class Americans will begin to agitate for social justice .
These powerful forces , many of which operate anonymously under US law , are working relentlessly to defend those at the top of the income distribution .
The problem for the rich is that , other than military spending , there is no place to cut the budget other than in areas of core support for the poor and working class .
But , as the rich have successfully pressed for tax cuts and reductions in government spending , children from poor and working-class households are far less likely to receive a high-quality education , and the US government has failed to provide for training or adequate infrastructure .
The result is a growing youth unemployment crisis among poor and working-class youth .
Far too little has been accomplished since , and , behind the scenes , Ban is working relentlessly to clear the bottlenecks and avert climate disaster .
Rich countries seem only to intervene when it is too late , rather than working seriously to head off crises and collapse in the first place .
The UN will play a central role in the reconstruction of a working government in that country , and in coordinating humanitarian assistance for the Afghan people .
Importantly , rich countries are committed to working with the poorest countries to meet these objectives .
The US is not in a position to pacify Baghdad or to protect the UN or others that work alongside an occupying army , even those working in humanitarian activities .
In the face of an immense tragedy , working class families around the world opened their wallets to the disaster 's victims .
This opposition extends to Christian evangelicals voters , who tend to live in working-class and middle-class households that depend on many kinds of government social services .
Both organizations have included diverse representation on their working committees , invited input from `` outsiders '' to the professions and collaborated with related institutions and organizations in preparing their classification revisions .
Ultimately , the Reform Act of 1832 abolished the rotten boroughs and extended the franchise to the new middle class -LRB- the working class and women would have to wait -RRB- .
But , in the coming decade , today 's established middle class will be swamped by newcomers working their way up from the country 's slums , small towns , and villages .
One can see them everywhere -- learning English in `` coaching centers , '' working anonymously in the new malls and call centers , or suddenly famous as sports stars .
China is aging very rapidly , and its working-age population will begin to shrink within a few years .
Thus , many developed countries will have to consider how to keep people working productively well into their seventies .
`` The current system is n't working , '' the Sydney Morning Herald quoted him as saying .
One result of all this is that the relative number of working-age individuals between 15-64 who pay the taxes to support pensioners is declining much faster in the industrial world than in developing countries , where populations remain young and grow rapidly .
The number of working-age Japanese will thus fall sharply , bringing the ratio of workers to retirees to about one .
How much the Chinese know about the inner workings of North Korea 's policy-making and power structure , and how much influence they can have , are uncertain .
Several members of the Gulf Cooperation Council have already expressed an interest in working together with NATO , so we are off to a good start .
All 26 NATO nations are now , as an Alliance , working together to respond to the Iraqi government 's request for support : by training Iraqi security forces , by providing equipment , or by helping to fund NATO 's efforts .
Why , when they share common economic interests - one million Taiwanese live on the Mainland , working in some 50,000 firms in which Taiwanese have invested over $ 400 billion - does China aim 500 short-range missiles at Taiwan ?
The EU 's German Presidency , which I know shares the `` ambitious '' view of the Treaty , is working hard on finding a way out of the deadlock at this month 's European Council .
Slowly but surely , throughout 2006 and 2007 , Jordanian intelligence , working with Iraqi Sunni tribes , chipped away at al-Qaeda .
In fact , a genuine commitment to poverty reduction implies working with these countries . They are home to 70 % of the population that lives on less than $ 2 a day , facing massive unemployment , gross inequalities , lack of infrastructure , regional imbalances , and a litany of other challenges .
The emerging countries are doing nothing more blameworthy than working towards their place as equals alongside advanced countries .
Unfortunately , instead of learning how to think in financially sophisticated ways , we still see labor unions in Europe and elsewhere dwelling too much on job security for working people .
In 1999 , we co-founded a firm , Macro Securities Research , LLC , to promote the development of such institutions , working with the American Stock Exchange to create securities that would allow people to manage real estate as well as other risks .
In November 2004 , the European Investment Bank -LRB- EIB -RRB- , working with the private bank BNP Paribas , announced that it would issue the world 's first long-term longevity bond .
On the contrary , as in postwar Germany , it is a matter of pride that one is working hard through a difficult situation that will later be remembered as a historic transition .
Sinn shows that the combined effects of the German tax and social welfare system virtually guarantee that no breadwinner in a family with two children can end up with less than ¤ 1,500 a month , even without working at all .
In effect , Germany is telling its unskilled not to bother working .
A New York-based firm , the Assura Group , has been working for four years on a plan to launch privately issued supplemental unemployment insurance to anyone .
Likewise , a search of working papers produced by central banks and economics departments in recent years yields few instances of `` bubbles '' even being mentioned .
The scandal erupted with the publication in 1906 of Upton Sinclair 's novel The Jungle , a bestseller that detailed the experiences of a Lithuanian immigrant family working in America 's meatpacking industry .
In fact , both sides should be working to recalibrate their bilateral imbalances : Americans should spend less and save more , and Chinese should spend more and save less .
Perhaps , as Kahneman 's research would lead us to expect , Buffett spent less of his life in a positive mood than he would have if , at some point in the 1960 's , he had quit working , lived on his assets , and played a lot more bridge .
Instead , it will be the outcome of parental choice and the workings of the free market .
Joshua Greene , a philosophy graduate now working in psychology who has recently moved from Princeton University to Harvard , studied how people respond to a set of imaginary dilemmas .
As the administrator of the US Agency for International Development , Tobias implemented the Bush administration 's policy that requires organizations working against HIV\/AIDS to condemn prostitution if they are to be eligible for US assistance .
Many recent studies show that spending time relaxing with family and friends contributes to how happy people are with their lives , while long working hours , and especially long commuting times , contribute to stress and unhappiness .
You want to donate money to a charity that is working to reduce the toll .
If , for example , an agency working to reduce poverty in Africa cuts staff with expert knowledge , it is more likely to end up funding projects that fail .
However , it soon became apparent that the task required more than part-time attention , and the following year , after raising $ 300,000 from their colleagues , Karnofsky and Hassenfeld left their jobs and began working full-time for GiveWell and its associated grant-making body , The Clear Fund .
Perhaps for this reason , many organizations , including some of the best-known anti-poverty organizations working in Africa , did not respond to GiveWell 's request for information .
Equal rights for women -- not simply suffrage , but also working outside the home or living independently -- was still a radical idea in many countries .
In the newspaper Le Figaro , a section on how to scale back one 's expenses predicted a `` revolution in values '' and claimed that people will put family ahead of work . -LRB- Americans think the French , with their shorter working hours and longer summer vacations , already put family ahead of work . -RRB-
Still , many people profess to believe that poverty is the result of not working hard enough , or of having too many children .
At the beginning of December , Hwang disclosed that some of the eggs came from two women working in his lab , and that other `` donors '' had been paid for their eggs -- a breach of ethical guidelines that had nothing to do with the accuracy of the science .
According to Diamonds and Clubs , a recent report from Partnership Africa Canada , soldiers have press-ganged peasant farmers into working in mining syndicates at Marange . The soldiers then take half the proceeds .
Robert Darnton , Director of the Harvard University Library , has proposed an alternative to Google 's plans : a digital public library , funded by a coalition of foundations , working in tandem with a coalition of research libraries .
Tucker was working with a colleague to design a refuge that could save thousands of lives if -- or rather , when -- a tsunami like the one in 1797 that came out of the Indian Ocean , some 600 miles southeast of where the 2004 Asian tsunami originated , strikes again .
GeoHazards International is therefore working on a more practical idea , which it calls a Tsunami Evacuation Raised Earth Park -LRB- TEREP -RRB- .
Drug trafficking , money laundering and economic crimes are areas where the two countries are already working together , for there is now greater understanding of their respective positions , and also shared interests , on these issues .
And the ongoing failure to talk to North Korea does not appear to be working either , as the recent shelling of South Korea demonstrates .
Politicians and lawyers may dislike this solution , because it undermines the EU 's principle of social inclusion for employment and resembles arrangements that currently apply to EU citizens who live in other member countries without working there .
Whereas the average number of working days lost due to strikes from 2000 to 2004 amounted to 234 per 1,000 employees in Spain , 171 in Canada , and 101 in France , only 3.5 days were lost in Germany .
Germany even has short-time allowances that enable companies to reduce their employees ' working hours , with the loss in earnings partly reimbursed by the state .
And according to an NBER working paper by Efraim Benmelech and Jennifer Dlugosz , 70 % of the CDOs received a triple-A rating even though the MBSs from which they were constructed had just a B + rating , on average , which would have made them unmarketable .
However , this prohibition does not apply to people who are self-employed or not working . Such people already enjoy full freedom of free migration today .
While the directive 's rules governing migration of employed and self-employed people hardly differ from previous EU law , the migration and social-welfare rights of non-working EU citizens have been significantly extended .
If the home country were to remain responsible for welfare services to non-working immigrants , the erosion of West European welfare states that the theory of systems competition predicts could be halted .
The inescapable information deficit obstructs all those smoothly working adjustment mechanisms -- i.e. , flexible wages and flexible interest rates -- posited by mainstream economic theory .
Treasury reformers have shirked the challenge of working out the implications of this crucial insight .
If there are less people working today than yesterday , it is because more people have decided not to work .
This makes it highly improbable that we will reach the three-hour working day by 2030 .
Danish unions have managed to use such statutory individual rights to reduce the working hours of entire company workforces , and thus increase the number of permanent jobs .
And , if a person became indebted , it was a point of honor to repay the obligation when it fell due , by selling assets , reducing consumption , working harder , or some combination of the three .
The gas turbine was conceived at the beginning of the twentieth century , but its first working prototypes -LRB- both stationary and for flight -RRB- came only during the 1930 's , and began to be rapidly diffused in the 1950 's .
Europe 's security services are working closely together within the Counter-Terrorist Group , and Europol 's Counter-Terrorist Task Force has been re-established .
Europol is performing a similar function with material derived from police work , and we are working to ensure synergy between these two efforts .
For example , EULEX Kosovo is the largest EU mission to date , with some 2,000 staff , working in the police and judicial system and in mobile customs teams .
Hayashi and Sakakibara -- indeed , most Japanese economists -- more or less agree on the fundamental reason for such spectacular stagnation : the Japanese have stopped working hard .
ACT is working to register voters , and MoveOn is getting more people engaged in the national debate over Bush 's policies .
It would be desirable to set up joint working groups with the countries concerned to establish , monitor , and adjust individual action plans .
They do on a small scale what the Wider European Initiative ought to do on a large scale : promote democratic development by supporting civil society while working with governments when possible .
This is not only a human rights issue , but also an economic one . Following current demographic trends , by 2040 , Roma will comprise roughly 40 % of Hungary 's working-age population .
Trade unions agreed to concessions on wages and working conditions in exchange for job security .
This was amply demonstrated by the working of the Kyoto Protocol in practice .
But time is working against them : two-speed Europe is driving member countries further apart .
The US may reduce its deficits faster than it would in the non-cooperative case , but only if surplus countries are working to reduce their excess savings .
This method can reveal selection in action , working over periods of time as short as one generation -- so that it can answer the question of whether modern culture has stopped evolution .
ASEAN is working with its partners to tackle global issues such as security , energy , and climate change , and its plans for a charter on enhanced cooperation is an encouraging first step toward creating a political architecture .
It is estimated that within a few years , America will have more people working in the security business than in education .
The US should be working to create a strong , unified government , rather than strengthening sectarian militias .
But many , especially people working in the financial markets , pushed a type of `` market fundamentalism . ''
It outlined some of the measures that should be considered and established a working group to explore the way forward , possibly under the guidance of a newly established expert group .
On the last day of the conference , as America was expressing its reservations about even discussing at the UN this issue which affects all countries ' well being , China was once again reiterating that the time had come to begin working on a global reserve currency .
What is news is the Obama administration 's reluctant and belated recognition that its efforts to get the housing and mortgage markets working again have largely failed .
For its part , the United States has never attempted to give free college for all , and it took a bitter battle just to ensure that America 's poor get access to health care -- a guarantee that the Republican Party is now working hard to repeal , claiming that the country can not afford it .
Indeed , many in the financial community have little understanding of the intricate workings of the macroeconomic system -- as evidenced by their frequent mistakes in managing it .
Bush had a responsibility for the behavior of the people working for him .
But if markets are working well , then returns will be higher only because risk is higher .
In today 's world , too , there is much that is not working well .
Malaysia 's success thus should be studied both by those looking for economic prosperity and those seeking to understand how our world can live together , not just with toleration , but also with respect , sharing their common humanity and working together to achieve common goals .
It 's hard to imagine less bang than from bucks spent on a Nepalese contractor working in Iraq .
In addition , the Fund is working on a new liquidity line to provide resources immediately to strongly performing emerging markets with sound policies and fundamentals .
We are working closely with our 53 African members on crafting the appropriate policy response .
Equally important is the realization that by working together , we can build a more successful and more stable global economy , for the benefit of all countries .
The Ottoman legacy of a working state structure , tolerant of religion , has begun to be viewed in a more favorable light , and the contemporary Turkish model , with its ability to nurture a democracy-friendly Islam , is suddenly in demand .
Decent work - -- promoted by the International Labor Organization since 1999 -- means productive , rewarding , and secure jobs that provide safe working conditions , fair income , and social protection for the employed and their families .
But the unions do n't care if the sons and daughters of immigrants living in ghettos have no opportunity of even starting a working life .
China 's total fertility rate is estimated at around 1.5 , implying that the working-age population will begin to decline by the mid-2010 's .
The third transformation is demographic : the fallout from China 's official one-child policy , which will cause the working-age population to start declining in the mid-2010 's .
Starting with Japan , Obama needs to ensure a good working relationship with Yukio Hatoyama , the new premier .
Various sub-committees and working groups of the Council -LRB- including the Counter-Terrorism Committee -RRB- will also require full-time attention .
Ambassadors in New York are now working day and night to hammer out the details of the current reform proposals .
A country whose very survival seemed in doubt at its founding offers striking lessons in constructing , against all odds , a working democracy .
There are dozens of Chinese engineers working in -LRB- and learning from -RRB- Indian computer firms and engineering companies , while Indian software engineers support the Chinese telecoms equipment manufacturer Huawei .
The bulk of the shortfall is due to less intensive use of labor : employment rates for women and for the oldest and youngest age groups are lower in the euro area than in the US , working hours are far fewer , and , least significantly , unemployment rates are higher .
This process is already underway , particularly in Italy and France , through cuts in social security contributions for lower-paid workers , tighter conditions for drawing unemployment benefits , and tax credits for `` the working poor . ''
Iran , too , has joined the game . It is working hard to strengthen ties to South and Central America , both diplomatically and through energy politics .
The EU 's current economic upturn suggests that the strategy is working , particularly after its renewal in 2005 .
Blogs and social-networking platforms encourage seamless , cost-free association -- the most efficient form of organization imaginable .
It will try to erode our support by infiltrating our protests with loyalists who will carry the virus of defeatism , and it will seek to outflank us by appealing to ordinary , hard-working Ukrainians , worried about feeding and clothing their children , that a tottering economy needs stability to be saved .
In subsequent years , the US employed additional delaying tactics , working with the IDB to move the goal posts whenever Haiti appeared to be meeting their demands .
Democracy is great , but only in the interests of the working class .
The thinking minority needs a system of laws and institutions , real presidential elections , a working parliament , and justice that is independent , rather than merely following orders from above .
Data on families in developing countries that receive money from relatives working abroad directly demonstrate that at least one element of globalization -- migration -- increases economic stability in poor countries .
Jamaican families got far more help from loved ones living and working in places like Miami , New York , and Los Angeles .
If that dominance continues through increasingly powerful networking technologies , the chances of Asia creating a distinct unity of its own are slim .
· Personal and family networking that encourages opportunistic diversification , transcending regional and national boundaries to expand ;
Thus , control and management were carried out mostly by family members and kin , with support through networking with those in an established relationship of trust .
To assist them in their tasks , and to assure that the great global issues of the day are addressed in a forum that unites and does not divide , the UN needs to be strengthened in the fields in which NGO 's are working so impressively .
Reform of the structures and working procedures of the EU Commission is also an urgent need .
These include income distribution programs , special schools in poor sectors that integrate education , cultural and sport facilities , and a recycling system for the 13,000 tons of waste produced daily , thereby creating new working opportunities for street collectors .
Increased union membership in the mid-twentieth century clearly helped , as workers bargained and lobbied for improved working conditions .
Indeed , TSA workers are now working in a sexually hostile environment , which is illegal .
A clearly designated `` enemy '' with an unmistakable `` plan '' is psychologically more comforting than the chaotic evolution of social norms and the workings -- or failures -- of unfettered capitalism .
Moreover , in the past , someone who left school without the `` right '' qualifications could still succeed , through an apprenticeship or by working his way up from the shop floor .
More than half of those who are of working age are jobless , according to a new International Labor Organization report .
With fewer children to replenish the workforce , the working-age cohort of those 15-64 years old would shrink from 68.4 % to 60.7 % .
Furthermore , the decline in the working-age cohort would squeeze labor supply , fueling wage growth and eroding the country 's economic competitiveness .
Moreover , most Russians do not object strenuously to wage cuts , reductions in working hours , and unpaid leaves .
They will even produce proof in the form of an unemployment rate that does not rise , unprecedented increases in pensions , and strong growth in construction and metal-working .
One day , it will no longer be possible to disguise unemployment through shorter working weeks , forced leaves of absence , and decreases in wages .
Palestinians working in Israel are good for both sides , and better than the foreigners who come from distant lands and live an isolated life in Israel , solitary and under constant threat of expulsion .
A lesson we have learned from both the climate change debate on the way to the December summit in Copenhagen and from the economic crisis is that only by working together can we achieve genuine change .
Today , the country is believed to have about 60 working astronomers , more than half of all the astronomers working in Africa . `` South Africa is the jewel of African astronomy , '' says Charles McGruder , a professor in the Department of Physics and Astronomy at Western Kentucky University .
There some 1,500 Africans process American health-insurance claims - working around the clock , in three shifts .
After working for more than ten years as a government farm adviser and accomplishing little , she was chosen by a foreign donor to gain a bachelor 's degree in agriculture .
This decentralized delivery of goods relies on employees working for two weeks before receiving a paycheck , companies offering each other lines of credit , and banks offering bridge loans .
On the contrary , working together , and trading with each other in markets , is morality in action .
For anyone who believes in free markets , the most serious risk of the current situation is that the interest of a few financiers will undermine the capitalist system 's fundamental workings .
