Equally important for Pakistan is to expand and reform its public education system and improve basic services so that radical groups can not lure young people into their educational and welfare networks .
The terrorists have shown before that they can take a punch , strike back , and even rebuild their networks .
UNICEF is working around the clock to restore a sense of normalcy for Gaza 's youth -- developing remedial worksheets to help children keep up with their studies ; creating sports and recreation programs in schools ; and working with communities to establish play areas where kids can be kids in safety .
UNICEF works with partners to get water , hygiene , and medical supplies to households and health facilities .
Israel , meanwhile , is worried that Hamas has strengthened its military grip on Gaza , in terms of both fortifications and networks capable of launching Qassam rockets into neighboring Israeli towns .
In some cases , however , regulation works in the opposite direction : it keeps the price of public services artificially low , rather than too high .
Which works better ?
Competition between them works because it involves fighting for the best students and offering scholarships to deserving poor ones .
The reason for examining output per person rather than output per hour worked is simple : what determines a nation 's wealth is how much each person works , and how many people work .
Europe grows less because it works less - and it should not be surprised if a number of so-called `` developing countries '' soon catch up with Europe in terms of income per capita .
As it turned out , such action no longer works in a world in which European companies are exposed to the scrutiny of international investors .
The Commission works best when it sticks to this role .
Adopting a constitution means consolidating the end of the bitter divisions of the past , and a chance to build a Union that works for our 450 million people .
`` She works for the restaurant , '' my acquaintance explained .
In some areas , decentralization works because it recognizes diverse local or national communities .
That is why both organizations are developing training and mentoring networks and innovative public-private partnerships .
Operating within multilateral frameworks , however tiresome , has more often than not served US national interests as well as those of Europe .
As labor costs continue to climb , is China set to lose its coveted spot as the world 's workshop ?
Recently , I attended an IMF-organized workshop in Beijing that brought together Chinese officials , academics , international analysts , and IMF staff to discuss how best to catalyze household consumption in China .
Other elements of Lee 's plan include construction of eco-friendly transportation networks , such as high-speed railways and hundreds of kilometers of bicycle tracks , and generating energy using waste methane from landfills . The package also counts on investments in hybrid vehicle technologies .
In the Shi'a south , still reeling from the brutal suppression of the ill-fated 1991 rebellion , contacts must be created and networks established .
At the moment , only the army -- which has effectively ruled the country since 1952 -- and the Muslim Brotherhood , which has the widest social networks , appear to be serious players .
A genuine and inclusive process will require engaging with the whole spectrum of Afghan civil society , including rights organizations , women 's groups , the clergy , public intellectuals , and influential tribal networks .
Anticipatory city planning , based on realistic demographic forecasts , patient registers , and health-information systems , as well as participation in urban health-knowledge networks , needs to be implemented .
In particular , the Fund should enhance its understanding of the links between supervisory frameworks and macroeconomic conditions , including balance-of-payments and exchange-rate developments , by leveraging the wealth of cross-country information and expertise that it acquires through missions to its 185 members .
Equally important were Friedman 's contributions to influencing public opinion through works that addressed the role of the state in society .
Fourth , export controls have failed to prevent the spread of sensitive nuclear technology , not least due to the sophisticated efforts of clandestine networks like the one run by Pakistani nuclear scientist A.Q. Khan .
The government and army worked hand in hand with legions of volunteers and private networks to rescue quake victims .
A revolutionary force in international relations is one whose level of dissatisfaction with the status quo is such that it works to undermine it at any price .
Similarly , emerging economies in Latin America changed their economic-policy course after devastating crises -- in some cases a series of them -- and moved toward strengthening monetary frameworks to reduce dollarization and build local capital markets , liberalize markets , and improve governance .
When the global crisis erupted in 2008 , there was no regulatory framework to protect the cross-border networks , and large vulnerabilities , in the form of excessive leverage and foreign exchange , were exposed .
If , on the other hand , it works out a consensus on more economic and possibly even military punishment , the UN 's credibility would depend on whether these moves produce Iranian compliance .
That arrangement no longer works .
After progressively dismantling their inefficient policy frameworks in favor of `` liberal '' reforms , the two giants began to stride forth .
In fact , the financial statements of mega-banks are impenetrable works of fiction or wishful thinking .
The corruption networks surrounding the old Soviet pipeline system carrying gas from Siberia to Western Europe have obviously impeded Ukraine 's political development .
What faith communities have working in their favor are networks , infrastructure , and influential leaders to deliver health messages .
When well resourced , faith leaders can adopt holistic approaches to major killer diseases and use their networks effectively for immunization and combating pandemics .
The Tony Blair Faith Foundation has been in consultation with the country 's religious leaders and inter-faith association to develop a national program with the Ministry of Health that would promote the government 's key public-health messages , participate in education for bed-net use , and use available health assets and faith community networks .
Networks of local practitioners , non-governmental organizations and politicians are collaborating to confront the issue of female genital mutilation at a national level and to publicize it .
To circumvent the harsh legal regime now in place narcotics mafias have forged ever-tighter alliances with terrorist networks .
This proposal was originally made by the Senlis Council , an independent organization based in Paris , during a workshop in Kabul last September .
Illicit Afghan networks , replicating well-known methods that organized crime has applied successfully for decades in other parts of the world , are mobile and resourceful , and can plug into a range of legal economic activities to sustain themselves .
In June , a consortium led by Pinchuk and Rinat Akhmetov , a Donetsk magnate , bought a stateâ € ` owned steelworks in an auction allegedly rigged to specifically exclude foreign bidders offering two or three times as much .
Global finance has been one of the most eager beneficiaries of these trends , using Internet networks not just as a tool to conduct operations with greater efficiency and velocity , but also as a means to circumvent state supervision .
It now takes only a computer and Internet connection to cause serious trouble : intrusion by hackers into protected networks , or the introduction of havoc-wreaking software viruses and worms in sensitive information systems .
Only communist rulers could force millions of people to buy their complete works , filled with wooden ideas written in turgid prose .
Of course , this will be easier if Muslims come to believe that the system also works to their benefit .
The victorious DPJ may not immediately set off any political fireworks .
It is possible that many Americans are still so convinced that anyone who works hard will end up rich that they will support anything that favors billionaires .
Outside Japan , it is widely believed that everything works differently there , owing to the country 's exotic culture .
Could there be a better place to do business , build stadiums and skyscrapers , or sell information technology and media networks than a country without independent trade unions or any form of organized protest that could lower profits ?
Still , the politics of resentment works best when it can tap into real fears .
Democracy works only if there is a fair reporting of the issues being debated .
Maybe capitalism works better when skeptics restrain its excesses than when true believers are writing , interpreting , judging , and executing the rules of the game .
Maybe that capitalism works better when it is being held accountable to some external standard than when left to its own devices .
We were all wrong , and the new president must face the same challenge : not how to govern with these dysfunctional institutions , but how to replace them with something that works .
Uribe may not deserve such a fate , but history works in strange ways .
Uribe may not deserve such a fate , but history works in strange ways .
At a time when cyber attacks are increasing worldwide , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was right to declare that an attack on one nation 's computer networks `` can be an attack on all . ''
`` People seem to be fairly sure it was the Chinese , '' he said . Officials in Germany , Britain , and the US have acknowledged that hackers believed to be from China also have broken into their government and military networks .
Cyber intrusion in peacetime allows the prowler to read the content and understand the relative importance of different computer networks so that it knows what to disable in a conflict situation .
For a number of reasons , however , this time-honored practice no longer works .
On the other hand , economic life flourished earlier in the American zone , whereas the British tried to extract direct benefits by , for example , dismantling steel works and bringing the parts to Britain .
Or consider the laboriousness of conducting negotiations in a room with 25 national delegations , 10 of whom will be unfamiliar with the way the EU works .
They must operate within tight legal constraints , and with rigorous accountability frameworks , involving the government and the legislature .
Like Bacon , we value utility because it seems to lend credibility to the claims that science makes about the nature of the world -- science is true because it works . But , at the same time , we wo n't allow science to be reduced to practical utility , because that would destroy its intellectual status , as well as the intellectual status of scientists themselves , and would prevent science from giving explanations .
To reintegrate these fighters into the productive economy will require a change in policies , including a rapid reactivation of rural development schemes and the promotion of local entrepreneurship , public works , and other legal activities .
Yet all they produced were some splendid works of architecture and infrastructure and a system of military training that spread their society beyond the Mediterranean .
When people who in other circumstances could be happy , healthy , and productive members of the workforce lack the skills , confidence , social networks , and experience needed to find work worth paying for , we obviously have a problem .
It might require significant time to retrain construction workers and plug them into social networks in which they become good manufacturing workers .
As university chancellors and students demand relevance and utility , perhaps these colleagues will take over teaching how the economy works and leave academic economists in a rump discipline that merely teaches the theory of logical choice .
Government policy back then began with a permanent military program of spending and R&D and continued through massive public works program and suburbanization , underpinned by the Federal Highway Program and subsidized home ownership loans from the Federal Housing Administration .
A difference of opinion that rested on different judgments about how the world works , which could -LRB- and ultimately was -RRB- resolved by empirical research , you might say .
It is also true that when we invest our wealth -- in Pfizer 's intellectual property , factories in Shenzhen , worldwide distribution networks , or shopping malls in Atlanta -- it is not , in fact , at hand .
This is strange , because usually when something works the natural impulse is to do it again .
One Crisis , One World GENEVA -- As recession spreads around the world , the global production networks that arose with the globalization of the world economy have become sources of cutbacks and job losses .
While there were some singular bilateral accomplishments , such as the adoption of the US-India civil nuclear energy deal , the US has been perceived to be less effective in dealing with the region 's burgeoning multilateral frameworks .
All Indian news channels have been dropped from cable networks .
In less than four years , President Bush and his advisers have cast aside much of the longstanding bipartisan consensus under which the United States works through and with multilateral institutions like the United Nations .
Public works programs on the order of what took place in the 1930s might be enacted , but that is good for jobs , not the budget .
Now capitalism is receiving severe rebukes , with its critics given powerful evidence that they are right in seeing it as a system that works for insiders and their cronies .
Capitalism is a public trust ; it works if everybody has a fair chance and corporate theft receives highly visible punishments .
Instead , what Latin America 's people get in the democratic era is a lot of public works -- bridges , highways , and massive structures that are designed to elicit short-term political support .
Such distorted priorities reflect a simple reality : democracy in Latin America seems incapable of dismantling old networks of clienteles and their traditional power-sharing arrangements .
Or is he simply biased because of the people he knows , the company he works for , or the attitudes he picked up at home ?
The slogan meant that his government intended to free up -LRB- by military means -RRB- the country 's main road networks , even when these passed through FARC territory .
Such rhetoric makes wars easier to justify , easier to wage , and easier to support , especially for elected leaders who must respond directly to swings in public opinion . Such language works equally well for any society in today 's media-obsessed age .
Such rhetoric clearly works . It is global in nature .
These `` netizens '' surmount the firewall by way of proxy servers or virtual private networks -LRB- VPNs -RRB- that allow them to browse the Web as if they were outside of China .
Health professionals took the lead in a campaign to press the government -- through the mechanisms of direct democracy -- to shift its focus from arresting and punishing drug users toward public-health policies that are based on scientific evidence of what works .
In the long run , though , rule by bayonet rarely works .
Whether it works will be seen in April , when Greece will have to refinance its debt once more .
This concept now appears in the toolbox of every economist , is taught in all classes on growth , and serves as a reference in all works on the macro economy .
By submitting to a common regime of speaking , writing , reading , observing , and calculating , the `` upright ape '' acquired the capacity to reason in public . This enabled first him and then her to command authority regardless of birth , resulting in the forging of networks and even institutions whose benefits cut deeply across bloodlines .
If public awareness of the current problems stimulates politicians to find a solution that works , better drugs and better drug use will be achievable .
More broadly , to allow Kosovo 's independence would demonstrate that violent secessionism works .
The challenge is to find what works best in which setting .
The combination of the estimated increase in the world 's population by two billion people , lower transport costs , better connectivity , and growing transnational social and economic networks could and should lead to increased movement of people .
Sometimes the transplant works well enough , but it does not address the central problem : What is the nature of the information conveyed between each level , and how is it conveyed ?
A similarly embarrassing lack of understanding about how the whole system works exists in every case .
At this simple level , we understand how nature works .
Sometimes the tailored nature of viruses works in our favor .
Then , of course , there is the biggest market of all : the US , where it is estimated that annual revenue for pornography in 2004 exceeded the combined revenue of the ABC , CBS , and NBC television networks by many billions of dollars .
Most international waterways have such frameworks for dialogue , albeit at different stages of development and levels of achievement .
This `` just-do-it '' approach works fine in the United States , for example , where the Federal Reserve has established its anti-inflationary credibility .
Given this reality , what matters now is how this `` Putin system '' will work , which will depend on institutional frameworks and practices .
Moreover , the country 's continuing high levels of fixed-asset investment make sense -- building roads , water pipes , metro systems , telecommunication networks , and electronics factories is what a vast and rapidly modernizing country must do .
Fruit flies are not geniuses , but `` cramming '' works no better for them than it does for us .
Networks will be needed alongside organizations .
The big three state-owned banks have vast branch networks and employ hundreds of thousands of people .
A region often depicted as `` backward '' is debating its destiny both face-to-face and across social networks every second of every day .
Literary works in which people who committed cruel , bloody acts were transformed into vampires became popular from 1820 onwards .
It is essential that they take place within structures and frameworks that encourage agreement by putting other major multilateral issues up for discussion .
Since the US can not get directly at amorphous terrorist networks themselves , it should exert pressure against governments that tolerate terrorists on their territory as well as those that directly sponsor it .
Year after year - -LRB- 2003 includinged 2003 , when the proliferation controversy was already red-hot - -RRB- Islamabad was festooned with colorful banners advertising workshops on `` Vibrations In Rapidly Rotating Machinery '' and `` Advanced Materials , '' sponsored by the Dr. A. Q. Khan Research Laboratories -LRB- also known as the Kahuta Research Laboratories -RRB- .
Indeed , the complicated networks of commercial relationships help shape the views of political groups , the media , bankers and contractors .
Having received carte blanche from Qatar 's political leadership to support the Arab revolutions , Al Jazeera became fully engaged in live coverage of events in Tunisia , and then in Egypt , by relying on social-media networks away from the eyes of local security officials .
The channel canceled its regular programs , and was transformed into a round-the-clock workshop of live news and interviews , switching from one revolution to another .
The construction of a major egalitarian , free , and democratic society that respects and works with the international institutions is the best thing that Brazil can give to the world right now .
While the City of London was shaken by the collapse of Lehman Brothers and the run on HBOS , Sotheby 's staged a record-breaking auction for the works of the artist Damien Hirst , which produced a gross take of around $ 200 million .
What did the sheets of cloth covered by regularly interspersed colored dots -- the products of Hirst 's large and mechanized workshops -- have to do with artistic innovation or originality ?
The bankers of the Italian Renaissance also bought works of art because they reminded them of timeless values that transcended quotidian transactions .
To be sure , there were plenty of other nineteenth-century commentators who analyzed the creation of global networks .
But we do not see a new rush for the works of such figures as John Stuart Mill or Paul Leroy-Beaulieu .
In contrast to a steam engine or an old-fashioned automobile , whose operations were easily comprehensible , modern automobiles or airplanes are so complicated that their operators have no idea how the technology they are using actually works .
This exercise looks like a dramatic repeat of the interwar story , when it was impossible to obtain consensus about policy and about mutually consistent policy frameworks .
The core of financial activity depends on reputation , information networks , and the ability to make markets as well as trade on them .
On the contrary , Hoover and other figures argued in a perfectly modern , Keynesian fashion that large-scale public-works programs were needed to pull the economy out of the trough .
The IMF 's history is also a guide to the kind of figure who works most productively in Washington .
The Murdoch experience is a microcosm of how modern globalization works .
Large holders of sterling balances -- Nehru 's India , Nasser 's Egypt , and Peron 's Argentina -- all embarked on major nationalizations and a public sector spending spree : they built railways , dams , steel works .
Europeans may be more cheerful , believing that the Chinese market will open not only for European engineering products and machine tools to equip the new workshop of the world , but also for luxury goods and even the tourism demanded by a new and affluent Chinese middle class .
A leftover Soviet distrust of outsiders colors many opinions , and there 's an oft-repeated claim that the culture is different : an intervention that works in the West might fail in the East .
Harm reduction works everywhere , and the main financial benefactors are the countries themselves , which see reduced spread of HIV , drops in crime , and people returning to work .
Naturally , self-awareness of this underlying wish to be sexually attractive is not required . The mechanism works all the same .
Quitting works : even those who stop smoking in their 40 's lower their risk of death remarkably , and those who quit in their 30 's have death risks close to lifelong non-smokers .
The new bonds could be known as Trichet or Merkel\/Sarkozy or Honohan bonds -- whatever works to build consensus .
I accept that the most powerful anti-poverty program is economic growth , but it works only if and when it is accompanied by distributive justice .
In these cases , women are often the victims . They might be excluded from participation in informal networks , or have limited influence in appropriating the accrued benefits of collective action .
And to understand how something works is also to begin to see ways to modify and even control it .
He has a son who works in the Afghan Foreign Office .
One can understand how a computer `` works '' in terms of the high-level functions of the mouse , the hard drive , and the display while not having any understanding of the mechanisms that enable a cursor to move when a mouse is moved , or allow information to be stored and erased , or control pixels on a screen .
Moreover , Ahmadinejad knows that , without Khamenei 's restraint , the clerics would use their political networks among conservatives like the Larijani brothers to limit the president further .
Of course , many hope that someone will explain to Chubais that national marketization works best when supported by functioning social institutions and a social safety net .
After all , conventional deterrence still works .
Of course , the elite works behind the scenes to retard Putin 's efforts , which is one reason why his ideas for military reform have gone almost nowhere under Sergei Ivanov 's direction .
But will he be a force in keeping with the liberating vistas of his greatest works ?
Maybe it works , maybe not .
None of the new EU member-states have concrete plans or financing mechanisms to develop networks of community-based alternatives on a national scale .
For medical anthropologists , people everywhere live in the flow of interpersonal interactions in local worlds -- social networks , families , institutions , and communities .
Instead of focusing on treatment that works , the Polish government chooses to give priority to long-term rehabilitation centers located in the depths of the countryside that have little , if anything , to do with evidence-based medicine .
Membership of the World Trade Organization has helped to bind China to highly sophisticated pan-Asian production networks .
This is how it works : the Second Economic Committee , which is under the command of the Party 's central leadership , manufactures missiles with the help of North Korea 's Second Academy of Natural Sciences .
TOKYO -- On May 1 , the Shanghai Expo began , illuminated by a huge fireworks display . The festivities will continue until the end of October .
Like China and unlike Japan , India resisted changes in its ancient beliefs about the way the world works -LRB- and should work -RRB- which modernization entails . Instead , like many Islamic countries today , India wrongly believed Gandhi 's doctrine that modernization necessarily means Westernization .
Teachers -LRB- including those in mathematics -RRB- should meet regularly to plot the evolution of their courses , their essential coherence , and the inclusion of stories that illustrate how science works .
They saved the banking systems , modernized telecommunications networks , rebuilt ailing industries , raised the quality of goods , and undermined the cozy vested interests that had robbed ordinary citizens for decades .
Indeed , Western works are taught as `` models for writing '' to journalism students in China 's universities .
If the Lisbon treaty is to be respected , solidarity must be viewed as a political tool for moving towards a European defense policy that works for the common good .
With political parties driven into irrelevance , parliament turned into a rubber stamp agency , and national television networks taken under government control , public discourse has all but disappeared .
The public at large was basically unaware of Khodorkovsky 's letter , because the state television networks did not report it .
The use of online social networks , for example , has grown faster than in any other country in Europe , and has helped create some semblance of a public sphere , with the Russian blogosphere often a venue for angry public expression about social injustice , undeserved privileges , lawlessness , and police impunity .
But , while an expensive campaign to combat a particularly dangerous , communicable disease like HIV\/AIDS makes sense , it is less clear that this approach works well when aimed at providing the public with general , health-related information .
Each country could create a council that represents public bodies -LRB- transportation , public works , customs -RRB- and major users -LRB- exporters and logistics companies -RRB- that must work together to identify ways to reduce logistics costs .
During the 2004 hurricane season , the Dominican Republic , which has invested in hurricane shelters and emergency evacuation networks , suffered fewer than ten deaths .
We are spoon fed stories that fit preconceived frameworks .
When the police stormed Ai 's workshop , they demanded that Ai 's wife , Lu Qing , tell them , `` What did Ai write on the Internet ? ''
His Shanghai workshop used to be a salon for Chinese artists , including the film directors Chen Kaige and Jiang Wen .
The early Muslims read the works of the great Greek scientists , mathematicians , and philosophers .
They also studied the works of the Persians , the Indians , and the Chinese .
By limiting our reading to religious works and neglecting modern science , we destroyed Islamic civilization and lost our way in the world .
At a recent workshop that we co-chaired in Singapore , the inevitable question was raised : Can Asians lead in meeting global challenges ?
It is invariably more efficient to build and maintain health-related infrastructure , such as water supply and sanitation systems , clinics , and hospitals , and deliver specialized health care , where population densities are highest -- and to create affordable-care networks of community health workers using low-cost technology .
Tailored solutions are required -- what works in one city might not work in others -- but , because problems arising from weak or absent coordination are widespread , emerging markets should consider governance models that vest accountability for urban health outcomes -- together with the authority to shape them -- in city governments .
So emerging markets should collaborate to develop health-knowledge networks aimed at facilitating mutual learning .
Trees were also cut to clear cropland , provide heat , and the fledgling nation was using up its forests to build its own ironworks and railroads as well .
The oil that the Arab countries of the Persian Gulf have in abundance also works against democracy , for it creates an incentive for the rulers to retain power indefinitely .
Just imagine what might have happened with the works of , say , Proust , Kafka , Musil , Faulkner , or Borges had they been subjected to mass-market competition like shoes or cosmetics .
By renouncing simplicity , it also repudiates today 's prevailing confusion of information with literature , of facts with creativity , and best-selling products with true works of art .
As tax evasion becomes more pervasive , whole networks to help hide incomes have appeared , making it far less likely that those who break the law are punished .
But the results often fall short of the potential benefits , because VAT has helped inspire tax evaders to create even stronger networks that can hide an entire chain of transactions .
There is absolutely no indication so far that organized networks or religious groups are manipulating these youth .
For investors , the deepest obstacles are informational : what works best , and under which circumstances ?
Behind Koizumi 's pro-reform slogans was an intra-party factional struggle with the dominant Tanaka faction , whose seemingly invincible political machine and electoral constituencies were anchored to public works involving special-interest groups , particularly civil engineering and construction firms .
Koizumi slashed a large portion of the budgets for public works and abandoned the rural population , which depended on a variety of redistributive schemes .
The organization has hundreds of subsidiary organs across the country and nationwide networks .
The current European and global frameworks for accounting standards and capital requirements , for example , have exacerbated turmoil in the markets .
Male dominance in the marketplace works like a cartel , barring talented women from top jobs .
Only one of 10 female professionals with children works full-time in the Netherlands , compared to nine of 10 male professionals with children .
AMSTERDAM -- Prostitution is virtually the only part of the personal services industry in the Netherlands that works .
It is incomprehensible that their clients are not prosecuted for rape , but Dutch politicians argue that it can not be established whether or not a prostitute works voluntarily .
First , when reforming their own domestic regulatory frameworks , they should avoid dramatic swings away from allegedly rational markets to allegedly rational governments .
Because it persists after spraying , DDT works far better than many pesticides now in use , some of which are toxic to fish and other aquatic organisms .
Just because some `` best practice '' works in New York , does that mean it will work in Accra , Ghana ?
Why favor change , when continuity works so well for you ?
Why , Indian officials seemed to wonder , change what works , and at a time when the US needs India more than ever ?
Fukushima will forever stand for the uniqueness of nuclear energy : as long as it works , it is cheaper and cleaner than most alternatives .
These two networks are very often in competition , if not in conflict , with each other , reflecting the current Iranian political turmoil .
For the moment , the temptation is for the European right to find its `` new look '' through a selective appeal to religion -- and wait and see whether it works as an electoral strategy . They should remember , though , that starting a Kulturkampf is to play with fire : it might be possible to instrumentalize religious passions for a time ; but such passions can not permanently be controlled from above .
Social networks also played an important role .
As a result , networks of dissidents arose in both the USSR and China after the deaths of Stalin and Mao .
Seeing the excitement that can be generated in young people through events like science festivals and networks of science centers gives rise to cautious optimism -- provided we seize the diversity of opportunities that informal learning offers .
Protest that works must disrupt business as usual and , ideally , stop traffic .
Unless a regime is willing to start machine-gunning its citizens , peaceful , steady , long-term disruption of `` business as usual '' always works .
A better path for the EU is to show that Europe still works .
A well-run military can be a source of attraction , and military cooperation and training programs can establish transnational networks that enhance a country 's soft power .
The nation-state is not about to be replaced as the dominant institution of world politics , but it will have to share the stage with more actors , including organizations like Oxfam , celebrities like Bono , and transnational terrorist networks like Al Qaeda .
The Taliban and Al Qaeda networks are re-emerging as political and military threats .
Indeed , that is not the way French politics works .
Hard power works through payments and coercion -LRB- carrots and sticks -RRB- ; soft power works through attraction and co-option .
The `` big man '' type of leader works in societies based on networks of tribal cultures that rely on personal and family honor and loyalty .
But different networks provide new forms of power , and require different styles of leadership .
Now he is faced with the question of how to use networks to govern .
Networks come in many shapes and sizes .
Networks based on strong ties produce the power of loyalty , but may become cliques that re-circulate conventional wisdom .
In other words , weak networks are part of the glue that holds diverse societies together .
As leaders increasingly need to understand the relationship of networks to power , they will have to adapt strategies and create teams that benefit from both strong and weak ties .
Hierarchies are becoming flatter and embedded in fluid networks of contacts .
In business , too , networks are becoming more important .
In describing the success of the Toyota and Linux networks , the Boston Consulting Group concludes that the hard power of monetary carrots and accountability sticks motivates people to perform narrow , specified tasks , but that the soft power of admiration and applause are far more effective stimulants of extraordinary behavior .
Not only did he successfully use networks in his campaign ; he has continued to use the Internet to reach out to citizens .
Ironically , however , such a grim prospect would not mean the end of globalization , defined as the increase in worldwide networks of interdependence .
Then there is military globalization , consisting of networks of interdependence in which force , or the threat of force , is employed .
Today , Al Qaeda and other transnational actors have formed global networks of operatives , challenging conventional approaches to national defense through what has been called `` asymmetrical warfare . ''
Even more important , the information revolution is creating virtual communities and networks that cut across national borders , and transnational corporations and non-governmental actors - terrorists included - will play larger roles .
Today 's growing global networks of interdependence are putting new items on national and international agendas ; Americans simply can not solve many of these by themselves .
As a result , South Korea is beginning to design a foreign policy that will allow it to play a larger role in the international institutions and networks that will be essential to global governance .
Markets and economic power rest upon political frameworks : in chaotic conditions of great political uncertainty , markets fail .
Political frameworks , in turn , rest upon norms and institutions , but also upon the management of coercive power .
Instead , they advocate diplomacy `` on steroids , '' staffed by diplomats trained in new media , cross-cultural communications , granular local knowledge , and networks of contacts with under-represented groups .
The greater flexibility of non-governmental organizations in using networks has given rise to what some call `` the new public diplomacy , '' which is no longer confined to messaging , promotion campaigns , or even direct governmental contacts with foreign publics serving foreign-policy purposes .
It is also about building relationships with civil-society actors in other countries and facilitating networks between non-governmental parties at home and abroad .
In this approach to public diplomacy , government policy is aimed at promoting and participating in , rather than controlling , such cross-border networks .
Indeed , too much government control , or even the appearance of it , can undercut the credibility that such networks are designed to engender .
Its founders believed that a country the size of America is best governed locally , not nationally ... So the basic system works ; but that is no excuse for ignoring areas where it could be reformed , '' such as the gerrymandered safe seats in the House of Representatives and the blocking procedures of Senate rules and filibusters .
Its lack of vision , divisions , obsession with legal frameworks , unwillingness to project military power , and sclerotic economy are contrasted with a United States more dominant even than Rome ... But the problem is not Europe -- it is our outdated understanding of power . ''
Much of the work of global governance will rely on formal and informal networks .
Networks are not directed and controlled as much as they are managed and orchestrated .
To cope with the transnational challenges that characterize a global information age , the international community will have to continue to develop a series of complementary networks and institutions that supplement the global framework of the UN .
Likewise , Switzerland long used mandatory military service and mountainous geography as hard-power resources for deterrence , while making itself attractive to others through banking , commercial , and cultural networks .
By 1900 , it represented only 20 % of world output -- not because something bad happened in Asia , but rather because the Industrial Revolution had transformed Europe and North America into the world 's workshop .
Markets and economic power rest upon political frameworks , which in turn depend not only upon norms , institutions , and relationships , but also upon the management of coercive power .
It works not by sheer destruction , but rather by dramatizing atrocious acts against civilians .
The terrorists had good information about their targets , while the US before September 11 had poor information about the identity and location of terrorist networks .
The increasing sophistication of the attacks on public buildings has led to speculation that the sect is linked to international terrorist networks , probably Al Qaeda in the Maghreb or Al Shabab in Somalia .
The irrelevance of traditional culture explains the growing number of converts in all the recently discovered radical networks . The members of the Beghal network in France were roughly one-third converts .
In Darwin 's Place BERKELEY -- Imagine that , as a young scientist , you spent years collecting information about the foundations of how nature works .
Your academic mentors and the scientists whose works you had read were continuing to stumble over grand problems that now seemed , if not solved , at least soluble .
In today 's era of globalization , marked by flexible and mobile production networks , exchange rates affect more than exports and imports . They also affect the location of production and investment .
We need to highlight , not hide , different views , and see our parties less as `` war headquarters '' and more as bio-diverse think tanks or workshops .
Blind in Gaza and Jerusalem LONDON -- I spent the New Year in Sydney , watching the fireworks above the iconic bridge welcome in 2009 .
We should be on the lookout for political fireworks over the next few years in many European countries as people are forced to confront some uncomfortable verities .
But if the coalition works and lasts , then we will see not so much a political volcano in Britain as a real shift in the tectonic plates .
With closely integrated global financial markets and trading networks , financial crises and economic contractions in the developed economies , which still account for nearly 60 % of the world 's GDP , will inevitably undermine emerging-market countries ' prosperity .
The countries of North Africa also need energy -- particularly more electricity and new networks to support urban and industrial development .
Indeed , the availability of uninterrupted electricity often makes the difference between , say , a shoemaker 's workshop and a shoe factory . And these countries have the most suitable environment for solar thermal power production .
However , the force of the wind was grossly underestimated and worksmanship was inferior .
Kissinger works personally with the Chinese account , jointly propounding with his long-time rival Zbigniew Brzezinski the notion , so seductive for an America growing weary of its imperial burden , of a global Big Two .
Experience suggests that importing laws and legal standards rarely works well .
The rural-urban divide wedded the grassroots rural population to upcountry patronage networks and vote-buying , while elected politicians reaped their rewards through corruption and graft .
Failure to recognize this works to the advantage of religiously motivated terrorists because all the energy spent on fighting terrorism is spent on repression , leaving legitimate nationalist goals unaddressed and strengthening popular support for terrorism of all kinds .
Cooperatives , credit unions , and new forms of micro-financing could form networks that would ensure greater accessibility .
Deterrence - which works by basic human nature , not through some arcane construct peculiar to the Cold War - can be brought to bear here .
Each crisis exposed weak and ineffective legal frameworks -LRB- often deliberately maintained by politicians -RRB- , inadequate and dispersed supervision , and forbearance policies that only an industry lobbyist could love .
He is surrounded by and works with a group of young women he has mentored .
It must be seen as an institution that respects each country 's sovereignty but works for the global good .
Whereas the outsourcing phenomenon is attenuating the need for labor migration , domestic migration can be limited further by the use of home offices , which can eventually reduce stress on real estate , public transport networks , roads , and airports .
But the basic lesson from Western Europe , whose greatest powers , France and Germany , fought three great wars in 70 years , is that the only lasting solution to conflict is to embed neighboring countries in dense networks of economic , political , and security relationships , and in regional institutions that serve their mutual interests .
That idea is preposterous . In fact , the Foundation 's many contributions to the Islamic world include help following catastrophic natural disasters in Pakistan and Indonesia , providing medical supplies to the Palestinians under blockade , and allowing scholars and intellectuals to learn from each other by translating and publishing works from English into local languages and vice versa .
The Intergovernmental Conference works on the basis of the draft Treaty presented by the European Convention .
Funders and policymakers who keep up with the relevant research are slowly beginning to introduce more talking therapies -LRB- such as cognitive therapy and trauma-focused counseling -RRB- , more alternatives to hospitalization , more culturally appropriate services , more family-focused therapy and , most importantly , more genuine consultation with service users about what actually works .
Although Colombia 's government announced a few weeks ago a strategy based on important infrastructure work , its impact will be limited : most of the investment was already in the budget last year , and the officials in charge of public works have consistently demonstrated inefficiency when executing large-scale projects .
Quantitative easing works by increasing the value of wealth .
We owe it to workers victimized by this recession to reinvent finance so that it works to enrich the real economy , instead of enriching only the financiers .
But , judging from the past , this is not how French politics works .
We already know that there will be media fireworks , but there will be little talk of economic regulation .
As a rule , broad governance reform is neither necessary nor sufficient for growth . It is not necessary , because what really works in practice is removing successive binding constraints , whether they are supply incentives in agriculture , infrastructure bottlenecks , or high credit costs .
What works in one setting is unlikely to work in another .
While import liberalization works fine for integrating with the world economy when import-competing interests are not powerful and the currency is unlikely to become overvalued , export subsidies or special economic zones will work far better in other circumstances .
By contrast , the new policy mindset starts with relative agnosticism about what works .
The problem is that economists -LRB- and those who listen to them -RRB- became over-confident in their preferred models of the moment : markets are efficient , financial innovation transfers risk to those best able to bear it , self-regulation works best , and government intervention is ineffective and harmful .
As many economic historians argue , the trade networks and profits that mercantilism provided for Britain may have been critical in launching the country 's industrial revolution around the middle of the eighteenth century .
Today , the country is a remarkable economic power : the world 's manufacturing workshop , its foremost financier , a leading investor across the globe from Africa to Latin America , and , increasingly , a major source of research and development .
In view of the sophisticated nature of financial markets , the devil is often in the details -- and what works in one setting is unlikely to work well in others .
As long as they make money they do not care if they have to eat their words . They simply want whatever `` works '' -- whatever will produce a stable , healthy economic environment conducive to debt repayment .
The possibilities of technology transfer through participation in international production networks are greater than ever .
Though the next few years are likely to underscore some of the weaknesses that the skeptics highlight , the end will come mainly because other countries will find creative ways to mimic the most effective US institutions , albeit within their own legal , political , and social frameworks .
Transparency in procurement works wonders .
The name itself makes it a winner , and the presidents can enjoy watching the fireworks between suave British spy Bond -LRB- Sean Connery -RRB- and his fetching Russian KGB counterpart Tatiana -LRB- Daniela Bianchi -RRB- .
These poorer outlying regions are hugely dependent on public-works projects for employment .
The floating exchange-rate system works surprisingly well , but currency volatility and unpredictability look likely to remain an enduring constant in 2011 and beyond .
Their most telling complaint is that too little is known about how quantitative easing works , and that the Fed is therefore taking undue risks with the global financial system to achieve a modest juicing of the US economy .
Clearly , the eurozone 's muddle-through approach no longer works .
? a massive direct government fiscal stimulus that includes public works , infrastructure spending , unemployment benefits , tax rebates to lower-income households , and provision of grants to cash-strapped local governments ;
Science tries to tell us about the physical world and how it works . Religion aims at giving a meaning to the world and to our place in it .
Privately owned newspapers , independent radio and television networks , trade unions , churches , professional societies , and other groups within civil society provide a bulwark against despotism .
Fewer debates over economics would be needed if the world spent more time examining what actually works and what does not .
If the United States works more closely within the UN framework , it will find willing partners in the rising Asian powers , which are intent on using their influence and resources to solve today 's challenges . After all , Asian countries are interested in global stability to underpin their own long-term development .
The Bank also pushed for privatization of national health systems , water utilities , and road and power networks , and grossly underfinanced these critical sectors .
Of course , it works only as long as housing prices rise .
The new financing would include direct loans from rich countries ' export-credit agencies to enable poor countries to borrow long term -LRB- for example , 40 years -RRB- to build roads , power grids , renewable energy generation , ports , fiber optic networks , and water and sanitation systems .
This includes an efficient electricity grid fed by renewable energy ; fiber and wireless networks that carry telephony and broadband Internet ; water , irrigation , and sewerage systems that efficiently use and recycle fresh water ; urban and inter-city public transit systems ; safer highways ; and networks of protected natural areas that conserve biodiversity and the habitats of threatened species .
Great scientific minds have learned over the course of many decades to `` read '' the Earth 's history , in order to understand how the climate system works .
Connecting kids around the world in shared on-line curricula , and facilitating `` social networks '' of kids around the world at an early age , will yield far-reaching educational benefits .
Successful approaches around the world include limits on TV advertising , especially to young children ; non-commercial , publicly-owned TV networks like the BBC ; and free -LRB- but limited -RRB- TV time for political campaigns .
In coordination with other countries aggressive actions should break down terrorist networks -- disrupting their finances , freedom of travel and shipments of weapons .
Part of the slowdown relates to the terrorist attacks of September 11th , but it is becoming clear that America 's economy , and other economies linked to the US through trade and production networks , were sliding into recession before September .
With banks reopened , a currency that works , and suspension of debt servicing , some short-term IMF loans could boost confidence and help the country overcome its crisis of confidence .
This would be analogous to the role the Commission plays in promoting the Trans European Networks for road and rail communications .
And it works -- but it can do more .
In that case , banking will become more like other industries that have benefited themselves and their customers by evolving into truly global networks .
Several national networks and consortia have already developed models for estimating the breast cancer risk in women with a positive family history .
Although the conscious part of your brain knows that the tickling sensation comes from you and is n't `` really '' unexpected , the cerebellum does n't get it , and the tickling works .
Other analysts point to the increasing returns that accompany greater concentration of investment -- a force that works to the disadvantage of poor countries .
The EU works with either non-EU states , such as NATO members like Canada , Norway , and Turkey , or applicants for EU membership .
Chinese officials hired Stanford University professor James Fishkin to draft a representative sample of citizens from Zeguo for an assembly using keypad polling devices and handheld computers to decide how the city should spend a $ 6 million public-works budget .
That is how advanced risk management works , as financial professionals know .
The Treasury secretary is part of the president 's team , and works next door to the White House .
As a result , the Putin era has become utterly sterile , producing no great works of science , literature , or art .
Moreover , Russia 's efforts to gain monopoly control of the gas pipeline networks across Eurasia pose a direct danger for China , because monopolists can not only gouge their consumers , but also shut off supplies for political purposes , as Russia has done repeatedly over the past two decades .
Regional institutions can entrench themselves only if their members promote adherence to the spirit and letter of their legal frameworks .
Education ministries in Brazil , Uganda , and throughout many parts of the developing world know what works .
When dealing with the EU , member states usually aim for arrangements and regulations that ensure cooperation within agreed-upon frameworks .
Most of the works held by those research libraries are still in copyright .
The central issue is this : how can we make books and articles -- not just snippets , but entire works -- available to everyone , while preserving the rights of the works ' creators ?
For most authors , that would be enough time to earn the bulk of the income that they would ever receive from their writings ; after that , the works would be in the public domain .
Darnton 's plan falls short of a universal library , because works in print and in copyright would be excluded ; but he believes that Congress might grant a non-commercial public library the right to digitize orphan books .
The universal public library could be allowed to digitize even works that are in print and in copyright , in exchange for fees paid to the publisher and author based on the number of times the digital version is read .
A fund that works like this sends a strong signal that the government is committed to sound long-term finance .
Frameworks for how governments should make public spending transparent or how foreign resource-extracting companies should report their profits would make yardstick comparisons easier for local political activists , as well as providing a source of legitimacy for the government .
His intention is quite clear : `` Man 's active nature , flagging , seeks too soon the level ; Unqualified repose he learns to crave , Whence , willingly , the comrade him I gave , Who works , excites , and must create , as Devil . ''
Member states also need intelligence derived from ongoing casework , not to inform policy , at least not directly , but to disrupt and dismantle networks and prevent attacks .
What works for teenagers also seems to work with forever-young movie directors .
That equilibrium works so long as each institution is submitted to close scrutiny -- which judges and magistrates have simply avoided .
Even Afghan expatriates in the Gulf states , who have invested roughly $ 5 billion in regional and global trading networks , are reluctant to invest in their homeland .
The EU could then finance investment programs that combine a countercyclical function with important European objectives , such as an electricity grid , a network of gas and oil pipelines , alternative energy investments , and employment-creating public works in Ukraine .
Now , the CDS market offers a convenient way of shorting bonds , but the risk\/reward asymmetry works in the opposite way .
To complicate matters , the lag works in both directions .
The German public is unlikely to recognize the harm German policies are doing to the rest of Europe because , the way the euro works , deflation will serve to make Germany more competitive on world markets , while pushing the weaker countries further into depression and increasing the burden of their debt .
It has the same effect as taxation , but it works much better .
The change in IMF policies would have been successful in preventing a recurrence of the emerging market boom but it has already created a problem which works in the opposite direction : the high cost and unavailability of capital is itself a new form of financial contagion .
If it works , what will emerge will be commitments from G-20 countries to undertake policies that are globally beneficial -- on the condition that others are keeping their commitments .
Markets , regulatory frameworks , and public-sector investments are means to attain shared goals .
After all , the wealth effect works only when people believe that the wealth is permanent .
Economic relations between major players such as China and Japan are increasingly close -- owing not only to booming trade , but also to direct investment and regional production networks .
This system works best when the president and the prime minister come from the same political party or coalition .
Trickle-down economics almost never works , and it is no more likely to work this time .
So we may have to pray that a agreement crafted with the toxic mix of special interests , misguided economics , and right-wing ideologies that produced the crisis can somehow produce a rescue plan that works -- or whose failure does n't do too much damage .
The new economy - and its complicated new financial instruments - enhance the problems of reliable accounting frameworks ; they make it easier to obfuscate .
- Trickle-down economics almost never works .
Statistical frameworks are intended to summarize what is going on in our complex society in a few easily interpretable numbers .
The marketplace for ideas also often works in a way that is less than ideal .
Accounting rules are designed to provide standardized frameworks within which the financial position of a firm , or government , can be assessed .
Bad accounting frameworks always lead to bad information , and bad information leads to bad decisions , with serious long term consequences .
In Latin America and elsewhere in the developing world , the IMF imposes accounting frameworks that not only make little sense , but result in excessive austerity .
IMF accounting frameworks , rather than providing useful signals to the market , provide distorted information that exacerbates a troubled country 's problems .
Good decisions require accurate information , and this comes only through good accounting frameworks .
Of course , no perfect accounting framework exists , but some frameworks systematically distort .
The IMF 's distorted and unfair accounting frameworks may also serve a hidden purpose : to force governments to shrink expenditures .
There is a long list of central bankers ' homilies that are not supposed to be questioned ; do so and you are exiled from the small circle of those who supposedly know how the world `` really '' works .
Is there any reason to believe that excessive policy inflexibility works better in Europe ?
In Brazil and elsewhere , the IMF 's distorted accounting frameworks - - what it does and does not count as expenditures - continues to impede the investments required to modernize public-sector enterprises and to put a major roadblock in the way of land reform .
We have become more interdependent , increasing the need to act together , but we do not have the institutional frameworks for doing this effectively and democratically .
Campaign contributions and lobbying that lead to rapid privatizations of utilities -- before appropriate regulatory frameworks are in place , and in a manner that produces only a few bidders -- can impede development , even without direct kickbacks to government officials .
A new Flexible Credit Line makes high-volume financing available -- even before a crisis has struck -- without any ex post policy conditionality to qualifying countries with strong economic fundamentals and policy frameworks .
Together , they constitute a turning point in the way the IMF works , and will allow it to serve its global membership even better .
Effective resolution mechanisms and systemic frameworks remain even more elusive .
Erdo?an 's ruling AKP traces its roots to political Islam , and many of its leaders ' social networks are in Islamic countries -- in stark contrast to the secular style of Turkey 's previous leaders , who proudly displayed their Western identity .
Dealing with any surge of asylum seekers will require the EU to strengthen its capacity to offer temporary protection -- and possibly to reconsider how its overall asylum system works .
In the 1990 's , Japan 's government , grossly misjudging the sources of the economy 's difficulties , vastly increased government expenditures on public works , but ignored supply-side adjustments .
Most economic frameworks are among Asians only , but an American initiative could trump them and ensure that the region remains open and engaged with the US .
As ITU Secretary-General Hamadoun Touré has put it , `` In the twenty-first century , affordable , ubiquitous broadband networks will be as critical to social and economic prosperity as networks like transport , water , and power . ''
Likewise , mobile networks are delivering health services to the most remote areas of India .
These surpluses are generated primarily within East Asian production networks .
But , instead of setting off fireworks , the EU finds itself under fire , as the global economic crisis confronts it with the greatest challenge it has seen since 1989 .
The Lisbon Treaty offers a fundamental redesign of how the Union works , but , despite the pressing need to enhance EU institutions ' mobility and flexibility , it is still awaiting ratification .
International cooperation has succeeded in preventing banks headquartered in Western Europe , with extensive branch networks in the Eastern Europe , from pulling out .
One element that central banks and regulators frequently mention is a new regulatory regime : the crisis revealed that institutional and regulatory frameworks in the EBRD region need to be reformed to introduce macro-prudential standards more systematically and effectively .
Of course , civilized countries should not give up the fight against extremist Islam because of the bloodshed in Iraq ; but we must recognize that war , occupation , and forced submission to military power have merely caused mass humiliation and resentment among many ordinary Muslims -- emotions that are then channeled into terrorist networks .
Greater efforts at infiltrating terror networks are needed , as is a deeper knowledge of the social structures created by the terrorists , in order to block their financial support .
Both have ingeniously mobilized young people and made innovative use of online social networks .
But the drug works in only half of the people treated .
Putin wants to finish the job , and much works in his favor . He is the tsar .
Indeed , this did happen with the one property recovery that my government was able to secure , the giant Kryvorizhstal steel works that our former president 's son-in-law gained through a rigged sale at a bargain price .
Such cooperative frameworks seek to reconcile national independence with regional interdependence , focusing political leaders ' minds on prosperity for their people rather than on gaining unilateral advantages that ultimately impoverish and unsettle everyone .
It showed that persistent pressure works better than the `` constructive engagement '' that it had pursued , to no avail , for the eight years since Burma joined the organization .
All scientific studies of such interventions prove that fortification of basic foodstuffs works .
Their sound financial systems , strong fiscal frameworks , low public debt , and strict adherence to inflation targets give them credibility .
America Keeping Haiti Down The IDB , the world 's largest regional development bank , works in Latin America and the Caribbean purportedly to `` contribute to the acceleration of economic and social development . ''
If , on the other hand , we believe that economic actors will respond rationally to incentives and information , then we can usefully reform regulatory frameworks with well-targeted measures , including restrictions on off-balance sheet vehicles , tougher disclosure requirements , and controls on rating agencies ' conflicts of interests .
Even a visit to a bookstore can shock anyone who first came to know China decades ago , when it seemed inconceivable that works by non-Marxist theorists would ever outnumber those by Marxists .
Traditionally , successful Chinese businessmen emphasized trust and reliability in fulfilling commitments -LRB- xinyong -RRB- , the gradual development of sentiments -LRB- ganqing -RRB- with customers and suppliers , and the ability to build on networks of relationships -LRB- guanxi -RRB- that are often based on common origin or kinship .
But , while America thinks in terms of networks , the rest of the world is busy connecting circuits .
Although China is not situated along the `` Northern Route '' through which Afghan narcotics traditionally enter Central Asia and Europe , new trafficking networks have developed since 2005 that transport illicit drugs from Afghanistan through Pakistan and Central Asia into China .
Afghanistan 's long-term economic viability depends on the development of improved transportation , communication , and other networks to better integrate the country into the regional economy .
Talking to a stranger , whom one has never met before and will not meet again , may impede the normal processes of recovery that rely on one 's own social networks - family , friends , priest , doctor , who may be better able to place the trauma in context .
Established networks based on family , local loyalties , and tribal affiliations will be key determinants in voting . These circumstances may favor `` non-party list '' candidates associated with the Muslim Brotherhood and the former NDP , particularly in rural Egypt .
Piped water and sanitation networks are expensive .
In the former Soviet bloc , it was the poets , dramatists , cartoonists , and novelists whose works encoded forbidden themes of freedom , and who were targeted by the secret police .
Half of states no longer teach civics -- the study of our Republic and how it works -- in middle school .
The phase-out of ozone depleting substances through the Montreal Protocol , for instance , shows what can be done when the international community works together .
As a result , growing inter-Korean hostility may ultimately prove far more lethal to the well-being of all Koreans than Roh Moo-hyun 's tragic suicide and Kim Jong-il 's futile fireworks .
After decades of rapid expansion , China has become the workshop of the global economy .
The problem is that it is no more than a workshop : lack of innovation and creation form the economy 's Achilles ' heel .
Asian countries attract many jobs by creating `` industrial parks , '' with more reliable services , including ultra-reliable communications networks , offered at competitive prices .
Nkhoma is one of the best front-line farm advisers in Malawi , which is why she works on the country 's United Nations-sponsored Millennium Village , one of only 12 in Africa .
Likewise , China 's success , and the temptation to bandwagon on its development model , has reinvigorated IP 's appeal , as have better policy tools and greater experience of what works and what does n't -- a point well argued by Justin Lin of the World Bank .
Industrial policies must be based on a country 's factor endowments , and should build on concrete opportunities to integrate industries and firms in global value chains -- for example , by deepening existing linkages with international production networks and export markets -- while avoiding overinvestment in international growth laggards .
